A:  Uh I guess I start with my presentation . We had two groups of people working on this . So we'll show you two slightly different presentations . Feel free to ask any questions or comments , obviously . Um the first one was done by myself , Bruno , Marianne and Nikos . 
A:  Um so I guess that's pretty much it for our proposal . Um I don't know if you want Andre to go through his first or if you have any questions for me . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Unfortunately , we haven't been given as much space as we would have liked , but that's always the case . <laugh> 
B:  Mm-hmm . <other> That's always the case . Yeah . <laugh> 
D:  Mm . 
A:  <other> So  
C:  Yeah . Um well , uh I can think of some reactions from the people wi so maybe I can  Well , r 
B:  Alright . 
A:  Well , do you want to do your presentation and  
B:  Okay . 
A:  Okay . So  
C:  Yeah , well , tell me about some of the constraints and  Well , first of all I must say that there are also quite a lot of common points , so um it's probably not going to be very difficult to  Yeah , please . Thanks . Perfect . 


C:  So um , yeah , actually we um  Well , basically the the group who produced this uh proposal is made by Susan , Martin , David and uh and myself . And we also  
C:  Yeah , so uh I think , yeah , these are the three main points . So one is the place of the lounge . Uh , the other one is the uh the place of the admin office with Gisella . And the third one is the number of visitor  visiting people and uh , well , how many of them we want to accommodate and where where we put it . These , I think , are the three main differences . Otherwise , we pretty much agree on uh on placing people . 


B:  So , can you just summarize briefly the differences between your two proposals , the key differences ? Uh sh shared 
C:  Um , I think it's what I tried to to do before , it's the shared lounge , uh th 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , the shared lounge , the the assistants with their professors . 
C:  Um  
B:  In two cases . Yeah ? 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  And then <other> secretary has separate room . 
C:  Do you have assistants with professors ? 
A:  We have Pierrette and Marianne in the same  
C:  Yeah . No , I think this is quite accepted and it's a bit the case . No , I think it's uh the lounge uh the admin room  
B:  Oh okay . So that's okay . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , okay 'cause  
B:  So  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , okay . 
B:  T_V_ at  The lounge , the admin room separate . Not shared . 
C:  An 
D:   
C:  Yeah , and the number of slots for visitors and for this new student who arrives , because having just one spare place , this was probably the strongest disagreement in my group . People said uh we should have at least two or three spare places , just for , you know , growing or sometimes you have three interns that arrive . So even if they are not perfect places . Um  
A:  Yeah . For visitors . 
D:  Mm . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Mm . 
B:  Mm-hmm . <other> Okay , so you basically achieve that by giving less space to the reading room , I think . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Right . 
C:  Yeah , that's yeah , that's how we did in in our proposal , yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Uh . 
C:  So that  I I think I mean if we need to reach a solution now , I I wouldn't mind working from your plan , and doing some changes . Or if you prefer working from mine and doing other changes . 
A:  Sure . Either way . 
C:   So um  
C:  Okay , so let's keep the reading room . 
B:  Well , 
C:  Um  
B:  it's good in case I ever have to defend it . You know , it's good to have some numbers , if you can come up with some numbers uh  
C:  <other> 
A:  Mm sure , yeah , we can do that . 
B:  Some  And maybe uh relative to some other comparable departments . That's  It's it's good to have that . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Mm 'kay . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  But if you both agree with this plan and you think your group will be happy , then uh fine with me . I don't know about you , what do you think ? Yeah ? <cough> 
A:  Sure . 
D:  Yeah . Yeah , it's fine . <laugh> 
A:  Okay . So I'll save that . Yeah . 
C:  Perfect , just save it <laugh> please . Maybe it's another name . Just say okay , it's fine . Okay . 
A:  Okay . 


C:  So , my group also asked to circulate the final proposal just to make sure there is no major problem . 
A:  <other> The final copy . I'll circulate it to everyone , along with the numbers that you guys wanted to see in terms of the space . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . 
B:  <other> 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  And the numbers . 
A:  Okay ? 
D:  Yep . 
C:  And we're done . 
A:  Great , thank you for your time . <laugh> 
B:  Alright . Well , thank you . 
D:  Thank you . 
C:  Thank you , sirs . 
B:  No problem . Thank you . Okay . 


