A:  <other> Okay . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  So we are here for the concept design meeting . So , we will first start by summarizing the mm <other> the previous meeting and the decision we've taken . Uh I will take notes during this meeting so uh that you can uh look at my uh folder to see the summary of this meeting afterwards . So each of you will uh show us the various investigation they've done during uh previous uh hours . We'll then t take decision in concert and then uh uh we will uh define the nest  next task , to have  to be done before the next meeting . So , last time we decided to have a simple interface . We also decided to have a wheel to change channel  previous channel button . Channel digit uh buttons should be uh protected by plastic cover or something for the remote control to look very simple . We have also button for volume , and to switch on off the T_V_ . We have also uh the lightening feature for the remote control to be easy to find , and for fast development and low cost we have decided to have no L_C_D_ no voice features . 


A:  So now uh we will have three presentations . So the conceptual specification by Industrial Designer , the specification of the U_I_ by  or U_I_ <laugh> okay . <laugh> And uh the last point is uh trend watching by Market Expert . 
C:  Abdul al-Hasred is my name . 
A:  So maybe we can start with uh industrial design . So this is the presentation . 
B:  Uh , I_D_ you want ? 
A:  Maybe I can switch slide uh on your request . 
B:  Yeah . I only v have three slides , so . I just look at the mm  um just this . On some web pages to find some documentation and I think a remote control is , as I s mentioned previously , 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  you just have a a very simple chip and the mm the user interface is just done usually by push button and in our case we are using a um a wheel control . So uh uh I was looking basically for that chip , which is uh very very standard , and uh I just looked for the wheel sensor and the standard push button . And um <other> yeah we can change directly . In fact I have the number of that element which is very standard for remote control . The push button are usually extremely cheap , but I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor , which seems to be quite expensive . 
A:  Yeah . Okay . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  And I think we if we could just talk about that if we really need a wheel sensor or if we can not  if if we could combine something with the push button . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Uh a wheel sensor is fifty time the price of a a a push button . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  But is it a significant price on the whole remote control ? Because we can afford up to twelve Euros for the price of the remote control . 
C:  Mm . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah I I th <other> 
A:  So will will will this with uh including all possible things , so buttons , wheel and the chip , be uh lower than twelve Euros to produce ? 
B:  But I don't think that uh we should  We should talk about uh the design of the box also which needs some money . But  
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay 
C:  Also have to say  Did you receive the email about the voice recognition ? 
B:  Um that's all <laugh> yeah . I haven't chec 
C:  No ? 
A:  You received something  
C:  Yeah . You we uh an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed . 
A:  Hmm . 
C:  Says  Yeah . It says that ri right now they just use it to uh to record uh answers to particular questions . But I guess it could be  
A:  And could it be adapted ? 
C:  I guess it's possible . I mean instead of recording the answers you can just uh record uh something simpler like a command . 
A:  Okay and there can uh recognize some commands and stuff ? 
C:  Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff , so if they already have it as uh as a chip 
A:  Okay . Yeah . 
C:  then we we could use it . 
A:  Okay maybe we can just uh listen to this presentation and then take decision later on  according to those news . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . Yeah but I think it's yeah  Sorry , I haven't written my personal references . Um <other> the I I just want to mention the the problem of the the r wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button , and if we could reduce that . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  We we have already some good things uh with um um with the backlight of the push button . 
C:  Mm-hmm . I have a question about that actually <laugh> . Um , what is the purpose of the light ? 
B:  Just to to make something which is uh slightly more design that uh a squarey box with a rubber  
C:  Is  
A:  You can easily find the button in the dark or so ? 
C:  But  But in th in the dark uh  Yeah but is going to be always turned on , the light ? 
A:  It will be turned on when the when the user move the remote control I think , no ? 
C:  But if you move it then you have it , you don't need to find it . 
A:  Hmm . 
C:  You can see the buttons better , of course . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . True . 
B:  Yeah . Actually . 
C:  But if you move it then you have to have some sensor to  when you move it to detect your movement . 
B:  As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light . 
C:  Yeah , but you need another sensor for that , right ? 
B:  Yeah . Again . 
C:  Yeah <other> no it's too expensive . <other> 
B:  I don't think that this is really expensive , but at the end this is plenty of unexpen eh very cheap devices but uh the bill starts to be  
C:  Okay . Mm . Extra . Yeah , okay . Mm . Yeah , but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so , yeah . 
B:  <other> First of all I was thinking to have a a continuous light and you w when t you you you you press the on button you have the light on your remote control , when you want to turn off your device  
C:  Mm . Mm-hmm . 
A:  But it can be uh battery consuming , no ? To have the light always on ? 
B:  Yeah , a little bit . A little bit . 
C:  Mm . 
A:  Well we will discuss that after maybe 
B:  Yeah . 


C:  Okay . So uh my one , it uh should be in the shared folder . 
A:  the other presentations . Yeah . 
C:  So . It was last time I saw it . 
A:  And it is . 
C:  Okay . So , <other> just move to the next slide . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  <other> So basically <cough> want very simple , right ? That's the major idea , as simple as possible . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
C:  Usually what  I have noticed that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with , like buttons for t uh tuning the channels and stuff like that . Yeah . That you want to protect a bit . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  And I think it's uh it's reasonable . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  So , I don't think  Yeah , this is just the the wheel . We could use the  some wheels can be pushed down , could use the push down of the wheel for the record if we want . 
A:  Mm . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel and uh user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case . 
A:  Yeah . Maybe the wheel will be a <other> good advantage over our competitors . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Because otherwise it's pretty standard apart the fact that it's very simple . So maybe it's worse to uh to have more expense on that's that aspect . 
B:  To s Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah , I guess the market researcher will tell us all about that . 
A:  Okay . So we can move to the  Is there any question ? For designer of user interface ? <laugh> or we can move to the next part , maybe , and discuss afterwards ? Okay . 


D:  Okay , I can go ? Can I ? 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  <cough> So now the recent investigation we we have done fo of the remote control um . So , the most important aspect for remote controls is to be fancy look and feel and not current functional look and feel . And um the second aspect is uh that the remote control should be uh technological innovative . <other> And the third most important aspect is to to  is that the co remote control should be easy to use . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  So , are things we are we have uh speak about before . Yeah . And um  so you you can go  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  after . 
A:  This is good also for  
C:  Well , wou wou I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing , it it would work , right ? Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . I think it is good also f to have a spongy material , yeah . Yeah , because it's robust . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  You can throw it to the television . 
D:  Okay <laugh> It's robust , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . Me too . 
C:  Hey that's a cool one . We could say that if you throw it , you have a sensor , and you throw it and hits the television and turns it off . 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  When it d uh takes a shock . 
D:  <other> Not good . 
A:  Yeah uh sorry ? 
B:  Ah it's okay . I know that they do that for alarm clock also . 
D:  An and and uh this uh you can yeah you can say that . You ca uh you can go uh before , before , yes . And you know here the more iz important aspect is the fancy look and feel , after is uh technological innovative , and after the easy to use . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  No . Yeah . Before ? Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . 


A:  So  One second . So we have to take some decision on this aspect . So , uh so for  
D:  <other> 
A:  sorry , for uh component , so  
B:  So  
A:  we have to think about those aspects , sorry . 
B:  So we will just use a a standard battery ? 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  And uh the chip we  chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use . Uh what do you mean by case ? 
A:  I think it's the box that should be spongy , banana's shape . 
B:  Yeah . Uh I mean for me if we use a a spongy banana case , doesn't matter . I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box , and that's it . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  The only th Yeah . Y Yeah that can be in inside th in the structure . But uh the thing is that the buttons and the wheel have to be  I mean if it's spongy then the buttons and the wheel have to  I mean if it's spongy then it's going to move , right ? So , it's going to be bend a lot . 
B:  Yeah yeah . Yeah . Spongy also . 
C:  So if we try to push the buttons , it  You think it's possible ? 
B:  Oh no I think it's possible . 
A:  But  No the button would be  In fact it it should be something odd shaped , with a spongy cover . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Yeah . This is uh like the  
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay odd shape with spongy  cover . And standard battery okay , a chip imprint , there's no specific problem . So we agree to put the wheel  
B:  Mm-hmm . <other> Wheel on the top . Button , where do we want some buttons ? 
C:  Well , usually hold  <other> 'Kay , we want it to be good also for the left-hand users , right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Uh  <other> 
A:  So it have to  it has to be symmetrical . 
C:  Yeah but okay . Sa let's say that th o <other> It has to be  basically you can only take two sides , one on ths this side where is the thumb and the other side where there is uh yeah also the thumb . <laugh> Basically . Or you could use use this one , but I don't know if it's very comfortable , to use this one for the wheel . 
B:  Yep . Yep . 
A:  <laugh> Yeah maybe the thumb is more comfortable . 
C:  This for the wheel and then this for the buttons ? Should have the two sides . 
A:  Yeah I think it's okay for both right and left . Mm . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  So if  the left , we have  the op 
A:  I think you can turn it this way also . You can do both with both hands . 
C:  Wheel  Wheel buttons . Yeah , the problem is if you have buttons and wheel then when you turn it around , the buttons are on the other side . 
A:  I think it's okay . 
C:  So you cannot see them . 
A:  Well , you you will get used to it . And moreover , th the button ar are lighted so you you immediately identify the right side , because you have light on buttons . 
C:  Yeah . So the buttons have to be here and the wheel has to be  Y Yeah I know , but uh if you hold with your left hand , and the wheel is here , and the buttons are here , then when you turn it around the buttons will be on the other side . 
A:  Yeah . No you you  I think you will use it only on the right or left hand , whether you are righty or lefty . I think for lefty it's okay . I can do this movement , and for righty as well . I think this doesn't change that much . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Yeah ? 
C:  Okay . Maybe . Yeah . 
A:  So , for interface we said also that we have uh this banana shape with button on the s on the side . And  and uh a wheel on the top . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  So the colour is yellow . I think it's uh  we defined everything according to what we should  what the decision we should take , yeah . 


A:  So maybe we can um we can uh work on those aspects uh until next meeting . So have the final uh look and feel design according to the decision . And have the the user interface design and uh then evaluate the prodyuc  the product . That is to say , uh check if it fit the the requirement uh given by the users , but according to uh your presentation it seems to be okay . It seems to be fancy , innovative , and easy to use . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  So  so  to prepare the prototype I would suggest that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer uh work together . That would uh 
B:  <laugh> Yeah . <laugh> 
A:  be better , I think . And uh  And so uh 
C:  <other> 
A:  you will receive further instruction by emails , as usual . 
C:  Mm-hmm . Yes master . 
A:  So <laugh> do you need to add anything ? 
C:  No . 
A:  <other> You feel okay ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  You feel uh free to express what you want to say ? You don't feel too constrained ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  <laugh> You don't feel free to answer this ? 
C:  No . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Maybe you can make  uh <laugh> uh mm okay . 
A:  <laugh> Okay , so  
B:  Thank you . 
A:  See you . 


