None

B:  That 's basically  just specifying the  the input for the  w what 's 
A:  it 's based on things like , uh , there 's gonna be a node for Go - there or not , and there 's gonna be a node for Enter , View , Approach . 

B:  And some  some things will always be sort of too  not significant enough . 

A:  Cuz , that 's what  I mean , in the Bayes - net you always ask for the posterior probability of a specific node . 

B:  I mean , maybe it does make a difference in terms of performance , computational time . 
C:  So basically , you 'd have a decision tree  query ,  Go - there . 
C:  And just basically do a binary search through the  ? 

C:  You won't  it 'll be hard to decide . 

C:  And for the Where - Is construction , we know we need to l look at this node , that merges these three things together 
C:  So my i So , if we were to it with a Bayes - net , we 'd have to have a node  for every question that we knew how to deal with , 
C:  Every construction . 

B:  And , um , finish up this Bayes - net . 
B:  And we present our results , 

B:  OK . Because then , once we have it sort of up and running , then we can start you know , defining the interfaces 
B:  and then hook it up to some fake construction parser 

C:  Every construction . 

B:  Because there are interdependencies , 

B:  sometime  this week  again 
B:  and finish up the , uh , values of this . 

B:  And , um , finish up this Bayes - net . 
B:  And we present our results , 

B:  As , if I understand it correctly , it always gives you all the posterior probabilities for all the values of all decision nodes . 
B:  So , it  n I mean  a All I 'm saying is , whatever our input is , we 're always gonna get the full output . 
B:  What  what  what I am thinking , or what we 're about to propose here is we 're always gonna get the whole list of values and their posterior probabilities . 
A:  Cuz , that 's what  I mean , in the Bayes - net you always ask for the posterior probability of a specific node . 

B:  and the question is what to do with it , 
B:  And now we need an expert system or belief - net or something that interprets that , 
D:  Well , eventually , you still have to pick out which ones you look at . 

B:  So the person said , um , " Where is X ? " 
B:  we want to know , um , is  Does he want info ? 
B:  Or does he want to go there ? 

None

B:  Yeah , I can worry about the ontology interface 
B:  and you can  Keith can worry about the discourse . 

C:  Also , I 'm somewhat boggled by that Hugin software . 
C:  I can't figure out how to get the probabilities into it . 

