E:  and Eva is using the Xalan style sheet processor to convert the XML that 's output by the Java Bayes for the  into the , uh , E Bayes input . 

E:  Yep . We ha we have to change the voice . 

C:  Uh , w Which is  mental spaces and uh  and - or  
C:  But the other part of it is the way they connect to these , uh , probabilistic relational models . 

C:  so there probably are some , uh , relatively clean rules , 
C:  is that people do manage to do this 

C:  No , I know , I th I I think that is gonna be sort of the key to this wh to th the big project of the summer of  of getting the constructions right 

A:  which is the issue of , um , how do you simulate questions ? 
C:  We didn't  we never did figure out how we were gonna do emphasis in  in uh , the semspec . 
C:  incl including the questions  
A:  Uh , no , all the focus stuff . 
A:  and we 'll figure out exactly how to write that up and so on , 

A:  The question of whether the polysemy is sort of like in the construction or pragmatic . 
A:  Well the question is basically , is this conventional or conversational implicature ? 

C:  W we know for sure that we have to be able to do both . 
C:  I mean it  th <inbreath> I can thi I can think of arguments in either direction on that . 

C:  Right . So . <laugh> Right . So thing  That 's part of why we want the formalism , 

None

B:  priming a spreading activation 

B:  Which  uh , so far , in terms of like putting up all the constraints as , you know , pushing them into type constraints , the  when I 've , you know , propo then proposed it to linguists who haven't yet given me  you know , we haven't yet thought of a reason that that wouldn't work . 
B:  Right ? As long as we allow our type constraints to be reasonably  complex . 

F:  Actually , maybe I could try , like , emailing the guy 
F:  and see if he has any something already . 

D:  So I just need to  do the , uh  write a new set of  tree combining rules . 
E:  And Fey has foolheartedly agreed to rewrite uh , the German concept uh syntax - to - prosody rules  

E:  OGI has , uh , crafted a couple of diphone type voices that are really nice 

C:  Anyway , uh , that we were  that we 're gonna try to get a uh , first cut at the revised formalism by the end of next week . 
E:  So the idea is on Monday at two we 'll  we 'll see an intermediate version of the formalism for the constructions , 

C:  Uh , just trying to write up essentially what  what you guys have worked out so that everybody has something to look at . 
C:  Yeah . Well , if  if  I mean , i part of  of what the exercise is , t by the end of next week , is to say what are the things that we just don't have answers for yet . 

A:  The question of whether the polysemy is sort of like in the construction or pragmatic . 
A:  Well the question is basically , is this conventional or conversational implicature ? 
C:  W we know for sure that we have to be able to do both . 
C:  I mean it  th <inbreath> I can thi I can think of arguments in either direction on that . 

E:  That 's the LISP - type scheme . 
D:  Well , I guess if you 're not used to functional programming , Scheme can be completely incomprehensible . 

C:  one of the things I w would like to do over the next , uh , month , it may take more ,  is to st understand to what extent we can not only figure out the constructions for them for multiple worlds 
C:  uh sort of what the formalism will look like and where the slots and fillers will be , but also what that would translate into in terms of belief - net and the inferences . 
C:  One is the linguistic part of what are the couplings 
C:  and  and when you have a certain , uh , construction , that implies certain couplings and other couplings , 
C:  and then we have this inference problem of exactly technically how does the belief - net work 

A:  The question of whether the polysemy is sort of like in the construction or pragmatic . 
A:  The question is whether the construction is semantic or like ambiguous between asking for location and asking for path . 
A:  Well the question is basically , is this conventional or conversational implicature ? 
C:  I mean it  th <inbreath> I can thi I can think of arguments in either direction on that . 

C:  So I a I I th I agree with you that , um , it 's a disaster to try to make separate constructions for every uh , pragmatic reading , 

C:  although there are some that will need to be there . 
C:  so you could just as well tag the lexical construction with the fact that it 's a uh , you know , thirty percent increase in probability of entering . 

None

C:  uh , this is  this is , speaking of hard problems ,  this is a very good time um , to start trying to make explicit where construal comes in 
C:  and  you know , where c where the construction per - se ends  and where construal comes in , 

