F:  And so one on one side is  on one side is a sort of the revised sort of updated semantic specification . 
F:  And the other side is , um , sort of a revised construction formalism . 

F:  So they could all have a type at the beginning . 
F:  OK , and then again semantic constraints here are just  are just bindings . 

F:  But , you know , we have the  properties of dependency grammars and some properties of constituents  constituent - based grammar . 

F:  I think that 's still in progress . 
F:  Other things we didn't <breath> totally deal with , um , 
F:  well , we 've had a lot of other stuff that Keith and I have them working on in terms of like how you deal with like an adjective . 
F:  You know , a  a nominal expression . 

F:  So there 's going to be some extra  you know , definitely other notation we 'll need for that which we skip for now . 

F:  So you see it 's " scenario " , " referent " and " discourse segment " . 
E:  The " scenario " box , 

F:  And actually it 's just a list of various slots from which you would draw  draw in order to paint your picture , a bunch of frames , bi and bindings , right ? 

C:  which is made up entirely of these things and , uh , bindings among them . 
C:  And bindings to ontology items . 
C:  So that  that the who that this is the tool kit under whi out of which you can make a semantic specification . 
C:  So this is an that anything you have , in the party line ,  anything you have as the semantic side of constructions comes , from pieces of this  ignoring li 
C:  But it 's got to be pieces of this along with constraints among them . 

A:  Yeah , but you  Don't we ultimately want to handle that analogously to the way we handle time and place , 
C:  Um , we might be able to handle context in the same way that we handle mental spaces 
C:  So that pulling something out of a discourse context is I think similar to other kinds of , uh , mental space phenomena . 

C:  Um , and we 're going to have to s sort of bound the complexity . 
C:  but just try to describe which ones you think we ought to have . 
C:  Just  just sort of , you know , define your space . 

A:  Um , imagine you  you write a Bayes - net , 
A:  um , completely from scratch every time you do construal . 
A:  And that fills in your CPT 's with which you can then query , um , the  the net that you just wrote 
A:  and find out how thing X is construed as an utterance U . 
A:  You may have some general rules as to how things can be  can be construed as what , so that will allow you to craft the  the  the initial notes . 

None

F:  Except for " cause " , that I forgot . 
C:  Causal stuff we absolutely need . 

E:  Well we were just talking about this sort of evidentiality and stuff like that , right ? 
C:  Confidence or something like that . 

F:  Um , it 's often thought of as  it is also considered a mental space , 
F:  Same thing . 
A:  Yeah , but you  Don't we ultimately want to handle that analogously to the way we handle time and place , 
C:  Um , we might be able to handle context in the same way that we handle mental spaces 
E:  It 's like  it 's like what 's happening  that , yeah , what what 's happening , uh , there is that you 're moving the base space or something like that , right ? 

C:  Um , and we 're going to have to s sort of bound the complexity . 
C:  but just try to describe which ones you think we ought to have . 
C:  Just  just sort of , you know , define your space . 

E:  We  we don't have to care too much about the speaker attitude , right ? 
C:  So  so we 're gonna get the w we 're basically dealing with two domains , 
C:  the tourist domain and the  and the child language learning . 

B:  Is this , uh  was it intentional to leave off things like " inherits " 
F:  I didn't want to think too much about that for  for now . 
C:  can we make it more elegant ? " 

A:  Um , imagine you  you write a Bayes - net , 
A:  um , completely from scratch every time you do construal . 
C:  But the question is do you want to , for example , send the little group , uh , a draft of your thesis proposal 
A:  We can do it Th - Thursday again . 

F:  And so it was an issue whether constraints  um , there were some linguists who reacted against " constraints " , saying , " oh , if it 's not used for matching , then it shouldn't be called a constraint " . 
C:  The whole  the mental space thing is clearly not here . 

E:  You know , um , basically all of these so - called space builders that are in the sentence are going to sort of  
E:  assuming that at any point in discourse there 's the possibility that we could be sort of talking about a bunch of different world scenarios , whatever , and the speaker 's supposed to be keeping track of those . The , um  the construction that you actually get is just gonna sort of give you a cue as to which one of those that you 've already got going , um , you 're supposed to add structure to . 
E:  but it doesn't tell you like exactly what it  what the point of doing so is . 

None

F:  OK , it 's like  uh , it 's not  it might be that there 's a syntactic , uh , device that you use to indicate focus 
F:  Uh , so  so I think that 's kind of nice to keep " focus " being an information structure term . 
F:  I think that 's still in progress . 
F:  But it did  one  one implication it does f have for the other side , which we 'll get to in a minute is that I couldn't think of a good way to say " here are the possible things that you could focus on " , 
F:  but I  I can't think of like the limited set of possible meanings that you would  that you would focu 
A:  Maybe you want to forget stress . 
A:  canonically speaking you can  if you look at a  a curve over sentence , you can find out where a certain stress is 
A:  and say , " hey , that 's my focus exponent . " 
A:  It doesn't tell you anything what the focus is . 

F:  Except for " cause " , that I forgot . 
C:  Causal stuff we absolutely need . 
C:  Mental space we need . 
C:  And  and so we 're , uh gonna have to , um , chain those as well . 
C:  It 's  as far as I can tell there 's this one major thing we have to do 
C:  which is the mental  the whole s mental space thing . 

None

