None

B:  Um , and we found another uh , cogsci student who 's interested in playing wizard for us . 
B:  Here we 're gonna make it a little bit more complicated for the subjects , uh this round . 

B:  As for SmartKom , I 'm  the last SmartKom meeting I mentioned that we have some problems with the synthesis , 
B:  which as of this morning should be resolved . 
B:  so maybe uh uh , when tomorrow is over , we 're done . 

B:  something happened , in  on Eva 's side with the PRM that we 're gonna look at today , 

D:  I sorta constructed a couple of classes . 
D:  The red lines on the , um , graph are the um , relations between the different um , classes . 
D:  this is more or less similar to the flat Bayes - net that I have , you know , with the input nodes and all that . 

D:  OK . So it only makes two decisions , in this model . 
D:  And one is basically how desirable a site is 
D:  And the other is the mode of the visit , 
D:  whether th It 's the EVA decision . 

F:  I mean , the notion of instantiating your el elements from the ontology and stuff fits this very nicely and doesn't fit very well into the extended belief - net . 

B:  we have a visitor from Bruchsal from the International University . 
B:  Good . Then , we can move on and see what Andreas has got out his sleeve . 

C:  and so , what I want to build is basically a  a smart F A Q system . 
C:  So , I want to be able to model information like , um , so in the  in the context of  in the context of developing distributed systems , of a at a computer science school , 
C:  Uh , I want to build a smart librarian , basically 

C:  Now , what you uh need to do here is you need to provide some context information 
C:  Now , what I plan to do is I want to uh sort of do a uh  uh  try to improve the quality of the search results , 

A:  and I 'm guessing that you  you won't be doing that ? 
C:  No . 
F:  On the other hand , uh , FrameNet could well be useful . 

A:  The other person I thought of is Dan Gildea ? 

B:  uh in a  in a smaller group we had uh , talked and decided about continuation of the data collection . 
B:  Here we 're gonna make it a little bit more complicated for the subjects , uh this round . 

B:  She 's actually suggested to look um , at the psychology department students , 
B:  because they have to partake in two experiments in order to fulfill some requirements . 

F:  Uh , so one of the things that Eva 's gonna do over the next few weeks is see if we can track that down . 

F:  uh , we aren't gonna build our own interpreter , 
F:  the people at Stanford write papers as if they had one , 

F:  and supposedly , um , we 'll actually get s deep  seriously connected to  to their work 
F:  somebody 'll  Uh , you know  If it 's a group meeting once a week probably someone 'll go down and , whatever . 

D:  and it turns out , you know , the CPT 's are really big , if I do that , 

D:  but I don't remember reading how you specify 
D:  I remember them learning when , you know , you don't know the structure for sure , 

F:  the  You  you didn't look at all yet to see if there 's anybody has a implementation . 
F:  So w Anyway . So that 's a  a major open issue . 

F:  uh , we aren't gonna build our own interpreter , 
F:  Uh , so one of the things that Eva 's gonna do over the next few weeks is see if we can track that down . 

C:  Now , what I plan to do is I want to uh sort of do a uh  uh  try to improve the quality of the search results , 

C:  Now , the big problem that I 'm facing right now is um , it 's fairly easy to hack up a system uh quickly , that  that works in the small domain , 
C:  but the problem is obviously the scalability . 
C:  cuz it 's  it 's very easy to whip up something quickly , 

B:  As for SmartKom , I 'm  the last SmartKom meeting I mentioned that we have some problems with the synthesis , 

