A:  topic of this meeting is I wanna talk a little bit about transcription . 
A:  So , well w shall we move on and talk a little bit about transcription then ? 
A:  is  and so one of the things was to get an estimate of how long it would take , 
A:  and then also what tools we would use . 
A:  And so the next decision which has to be made actually pretty soon is how are we gonna do it ? 
A:  I mean , I looked at Cyber Transcriber 

A:  What we 're using right now is a tool , um , from this French group , called " Transcriber " 
E:  So as far as I 'm concerned those transcription conventions are fixed right now . 
E:  and  But so in terms of the con the conventions , then , <breath> uh , basically , <breath> uh , it 's strictly orthographic 
E:  So I have  I have a convention of putting like a dash <breath> arrow just to indicate that this person 's utterance continues . 

A:  these are linguistics grad students . 
C:  But we can pay a graduate student seven dollars an hour . 

C:  so that means that even if it takes them thirty times real time it 's cheaper to  to do graduate students . 
A:  I mean , that 's why I said originally , that I couldn't imagine sending it out 's gonna be cheaper . 

C:  Maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things . 

A:  and then get an update on the electronics , 
A:  um , let 's move on to electronics . 

C:  cuz they 're distributing it through the LDC . 
C:  Maybe we should  maybe we should get a copy of it just to see what they did 
C:  so  so that we can  we can compare . 
E:  CSAE . 
E:  Corpus of Spoken American English . 

E:  so I mean , I 've been sort of playing with , uh , different ways of mar cuz I 'm thinking , you know , I mean , if you could get optimal instructions you could cut back on the number of hours it would take . 
E:  So I think though it 's a good proposal to be used on a new  a new batch of text that I haven't yet done yet in the same meeting . Could use it on the next segment of the text . 
A:  I could generate the segmentation and  and you could do the words , and time yourself on it . 

A:  So what we wanted to do was have Jane do basically one meeting 's worth , 
A:  you know , forty minutes to an hour , 

A:  I hope it 's Jane . 
E:  Yeah , no , that  I  I would be interested in that  in becoming involved in the project in some aspect like that  

A:  We could program that pretty easily , 
D:  Are  are those d delays adjustable ? 
E:  Could you get it so that with  so it would  it would detect volume on a channel and insert a marker ? 
B:  Sure . 
A:  So if we want  if we did  if we did something like programmed in a delay , which actually I think is a great idea , um , I 'm sure they would want that incorporated back in . 
A:  and I said , well , maybe . 
A:  And they have  they 've actually asked if we are willing to do any development 
A:  Well , so anyway , are we interested then in writing tools to try to generate any of this stuff automatically ? 

C:  Maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things . 
C:  I think mostly internal . 
E:  We could do an HT access which would accommodate those things . 

D:  Well I can build a cabinet . 

D:  Which is to say just laptop with a wireless . 
D:  So we certainly could use that as  as a constant reminder of what the VU meters are doing . 

A:  And  and so how we do we distribute the transcripts , 
A:  how do we distribute the audio files , 
A:  but  but so should we do it in the same format as LDC 

A:  They 're never gonna be able to do a meeting like this . 
A:  And so  so what I 'm saying is that if we hire an external service I think we can expect three hundred dollars an hour . 
C:  who knows if they 're gonna be able to m manage multal multiple channel data ? 
A:  They won't . 
A:  I mean , that 's why I said originally , that I couldn't imagine sending it out 's gonna be cheaper . 

None

E:  There 's some interesting human factors problems like , <breath> yeah , what span of  of time is it useful to segment the thing into in order to uh , transcribe it the most quickly . 

None

A:  Um , the user interface only allows two . 
A:  And so if  if you 're using their interface to specify overlapping speakers you can only do two . 
A:  It 's just there 's no user interface for specifying multiple  any more than two . 

D:  No , but w certainly one of the issues is  is the , uh  is security . 

