E:  Um , so um the one th one thing I know that we have on that is uh we had talked a  a couple weeks before um uh about the uh  the stuff you were doing with  with uh um uh l l attempting to locate events , 
E:  but anyway some  some potential collaboration there about  about the  about the  working with these data . 
B:  Um , so , uh , he was interested in the question of  you know , relating to his  to the research he presented recently , um of inference structures , 
E:  so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours 
B:  He 's interested in these  these knowledge structures , 
B:  inferences that you draw  i from  
D:  to  to find a  a good solution to detect eh , the overlapping zone in eh speech recorded . 
E:  but you have  you have time uh , uh marked  twelve minute  the  the  the um overlaps in twelve minutes of it . 
C:  like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data , 

E:  but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys . 
E:  uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues , 
E:  and we 're recording those , 
E:  uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded , 
C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 

B:  So , we need to talk about this later . 

D:  On - only to mark  only to mark overlapping zone , but  
E:  Then I think it 's a good idea . 
E:  but I mean we   if uh  if he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it . 

E:  Yeah , whoever we have working on the acoustics for the Meeting Recorder are gonna start with that . 

C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 

E:  I mean , one of the things I wanted to do , uh , that I I talked to  to Don about , is one of the possible things he could do or m also , we could have someone else do it , is to do block echo cancellation , 
E:  So that 's something I 'd like somebody to do at some point , just take these digits , take the far - field mike signal , and the close uh mike signal , and apply really good echo cancellation . 
E:  somebody look  And  and the digits would be a reasonable thing to do that with . 

F:  So this is  this is  this is  gonna be a big , big problem if you want to later do uh , you know , indexing , or speech understanding of any sort . 

B:  And in fact , it is  it is  it is sensitive . 
B:  You know , I asked her very specifically about this clause of how , um , you know , it says " no individuals will be identified 

G:  I mean , if I 'm tapping on the table , you it 's not gonna show up on any of the mikes , but it 's gonna show up rather loudly in the PZM . 
E:  The  the  the far - field , 
D:  Because I  I found a difference . 

E:  One of the things that I think is a little  a little bit of a limitation , there is a think when the people are not involved uh in our work , we probably can't do it every week . 
G:  So , I think it 's gonna be a problem to get people regularly . 

