D:  And what we 're doing now is ,  aside from the many other differences in the task , we are considering overlap 

F:  Raw counts . 
F:  so . Of the times a person spoke and furthermore was involved in a two two - person overlap , <laugh> <inbreath> what percentage of the time were they the overlapper and what percent of the time were they th the overlappee ? 
F:  but , of course , uh i e <laugh> this is just one meeting ,  uh  there 's no statistical testing involved , and that would be  required for a  for a finding  of  any  kind of  scientific  reliability . 
D:  Well , of course th the biggest ,  um  result here , which is one we 've   we 've talked about many times and isn't new to us , but which I think would be interesting to show someone who isn't familiar with this <inbreath>  is just the sheer number of overlaps . 
D:  it 's a forty   forty plus minute  <inbreath> meeting , 
D:  what we 've learned about is overlaps in this situation , is that  the first   the first - order thing I would say is that there 's a lot of them . 
D:  In fact  <inbreath> and it 's not just an overlap  bunch of overlaps  second - order thing is <inbreath> it 's not just a bunch of overlaps in one particular point , <inbreath> but that there 's overlaps , uh throughout the thing . 
D:  Um  <mouth> preliminary analysis of overlaps in the pilot data we have transcribed , 

F:  um ,  that some people tend to be overlapped  with more often than they 're overlapped , 
F:  And  it would be , you know  of course ,  there 's also the question of what type of overlap was this , and w what were they , 
F:  So , um Then it beco  though  so  just  just superficially to give  um  a couple ideas of the types of overlaps involved , I have at the bottom several that I noticed . 
F:  So , uh , the point is that , um  <inbreath> overlap 's not necessarily a bad thing and that it would be im  i useful to subdivide these further and see if there are individual differences in styles with respect to the types involved . 
B:  So , the question is , you know , how many more overlaps  <inbreath> do you have  of , say the two - person type , by adding more people . to a meeting , 
B:  So it may be that having three people  <inbreath> is very different from having two people or it may not be . 
B:  But we should still be able to somehow say what  what is the added contra contribution to sort of overlap time of each additional person , or something like that . 
F:  These were  these were  benevolent types , as people  finishing each other 's sentences , and  stuff . 
B:  and that it would be interesting to look at  whether there are these kinds of constraints that Jane mentioned , that <inbreath> what maybe the additional people add to this competition that happens right after a turn , 

H:  Yeah , I 've been playing with , um uh , using the close - talking mike to do  to try to figure out who 's speaking . 
H:  So my first attempt was just using thresholding and filtering , that we talked about  about two weeks ago , 
H:  OK and then the other thing I did , was I took <inbreath> Javier 's speaker - change detector  acoustic - change detector , and I implemented that with the close - talking mikes , 
H:  Um  So , at any rate , my next attempt ,  which I 'm in the midst of and haven't quite finished yet was actually using the <inbreath> uh , thresholding as the way of generating the candidates . 
H:  But all of this is close - talking mike , 
H:  What I 'm doing <inbreath> is trying to use the close - talking mike <inbreath> and just use   Can - and just generate candidate and just  try to get a first pass at something that sort of works . 

G:  Or , this is getting a little extravagant , we could put up some kind of blinds or something to   to remove , uh  visual contact . 
D:  So this is the things that I think we did <laugh> in the last three months 

H:  I 'll do that on the next set of forms . 
H:  So I 'm gonna put little labels on all the chairs with the seat number . 

F:  I think  what I  what this has , uh , caused me  so this discussion caused me to wanna subdivide these further . 
F:  I 'm gonna take a look at the , uh  backchannels , 
F:  how much we have anal I hope to have that for next time . 

B:  so , from the point of view of studying dialogue , I mean , which  Dan Jurafsky and Andreas and I had some projects on , you want to know the sequence of turns . 
B:  So , for things like language modeling or dialogue modeling  <inbreath> it 's  We know that that 's wrong in real time . 

F:  but , of course , uh i e <laugh> this is just one meeting ,  uh  there 's no statistical testing involved , and that would be  required for a  for a finding  of  any  kind of  scientific  reliability . 
D:  You know , the other thing I was thinking was that ,  um  these  all these interesting questions are , of course , pretty hard to answer with , uh u  you know , a small amount of data . 

H:  And that works O K , if you fil if you tune the filter parameters , if you tune <inbreath> how long your median filter is and how high you 're looking for your thresholds . 

H:  So if you fiddle around with it a little bit and you get good numbers you can actually do a pretty good job of segmenting when someone 's talking and when they 're not . 
H:  But if you try to use the same paramenters on another speaker , it doesn't work anymore , 
H:  It does work for the one speaker throughout the whole meeting . 

H:  and  unfortunately that 's not working real well , and it looks like it 's  
H:  And what looks like it 's happening is that the  even on the close - talking mike the broad phone class classifier 's doing a really bad job . 

None

B:  so we need a barrier that doesn't disturb  the sound , 

