B:  Um right now it 's still kind of  in a toy  version of it , 

B:  The probability  whether the probability of a Vista , Tango , or Enter . 

B:  So then the features we decided  or we decided we were  talked about , 
B:  You know . We had a list of things like " to go " and " to visit " and what not . 
B:  Uh the  the prosody , the discourse ,  verb choice . 
D:  So there are certain cues that are very strong  either lexical or topic - based um , concept cues 
D:  and some of them are sort of <breath> either world knowledge or situational  things . 
A:  is that maybe we ob we could observe a couple of um discourse phenomena such as the admission fee , 

A:  So maybe this could be sort of a separate region of the net ,  which has two   has it 's own middle layer . 
A:  They ra may have there own hidden layer  that points to some of  the  the real hidden layer , um or the general hidden layer . 

B:  but the middle thing , we were thinking along the lines of maybe trying to figure out , like , the concept of whether they 're a tourist  or  whether they 're running an errand or something like that 
B:  So then the hidden variables  hair variables we came up with were whether someone was on a tour , running an errand , or whether they were in a hurry , 
C:  but the other ones , the final destination , the whether they 're doing business , whether they 're in a hurry , and whether they 're tourists , 
A:  They ra may have there own hidden layer  that points to some of  the  the real hidden layer , um or the general hidden layer . 
A:  And then these should then connect somehow to the more plan - based deep space 

D:  So there are certain cues that are very strong  either lexical or topic - based um , concept cues 
A:  so <breath> maybe what  what  what happened  what might happen is that we do get this sort of task - based middle layer , 
D:  entering or som you know like they might be more task - based . 

B:  So . The mode  basically has three different  outputs . 

C:  it 's cra has a GUI and it 's uh  
C:  But uh  it 's free . 
B:  But actually it had an interface . 
B:  and he 's updated it for an XML version of I guess Bayes - nets . 

C:  Like ,  we totally hand - tuned the probabilities , 
C:  The probabilities and all are completely ad - hoc . 

A:  But um  in terms of specifying the scenario , <breath> um  uh  uh  we 've gotten a little further 
A:  So we wanted just to collect data , to get  that  that  that  elicits more , uh , that elicits richer language . 

B:  So then our next idea was to add a middle layer , 
B:  Uh  we kept um  things from directly affecting the mode  beyond the concept , 
B:  But we just decided to keep all the things we extracted  to point at the middle and then  down . 
B:  I guess , the fact that the  there 's a complete separation between the  observed features and in the output . 

None

A:  is that maybe we ob we could observe a couple of um discourse phenomena such as the admission fee , 
A:  So maybe this could be sort of a separate region of the net ,  which has two   has it 's own middle layer . 
B:  That would all f funnel into one node that would  constitute entrance requirements or something like that . 
A:  They ra may have there own hidden layer  that points to some of  the  the real hidden layer , um or the general hidden layer . 

A:  So , um I suggest w to  for  to proceed with this in  in the sense that  maybe throughout this week the three of us will  will talk some more about maybe segmenting off different regions , 
A:  Identify  four regions , 
A:  maybe make up some features for each region 

D:  So one thing that might be helpful which is implicit in the  use of " admission fee discussion " as a cue for entry , <breath>  is thinking about the plans that various people might have . 
D:  They 're  in  in non in sort of more traditional AI kinds of plan recognition things you sort of have <breath>  you know , some idea at each turn of agent doing something , 
A:  I mean there are some  some of them are extremely elaborate , 

C:  Yeah , another thing to do , um , is also to , um  I guess to ask around people about other Bayes - net packages . 

C:  we can maybe write an interface th for uh entering probability distributions easily , 
C:  something like  like a little script . 
C:  I think it might  it might be simpler to just  have a script that , you know  

D:  Like we wanna  we wanna be able to collect <breath> as much of the variables that are needed for that , 
A:  So now I think we should maybe have at least one navigational task with  with sort of explicit  uh 

None

C:  That 's  that  that needs a lot of work . 

B:  because we didn't know the probabilities of   or  
C:  So that 's like a huge uh clue that they 're trying to Enter the place rather than uh to Tango or Vista , 
C:  Like ,  we totally hand - tuned the probabilities , 
C:  The probabilities and all are completely ad - hoc . 

B:  but you could see perhaps discus the " admission fee " going directly to the mode pointing at " Enter " , 
B:  well for instance , the " discourse admission fee "  node seems like it should point directly to the  
B:  or increase the probability of " enter  directly " versus " going there via tourist " . 

B:  Reasons being , you know , it 'd be a pain to set up all the probabilities for that . 
B:  If we moved onto the next step and did learning of some sort , uh according Bhaskara we 'd be handicapped . 

C:  It might be that if you add a new thing pointing to a variable , you just like  it just overwrites everything . 
C:  But  they 're not very friendly . 

B:  I didn't think it did learning . 

