B:  And the other one is , um , uh , is there some good use that we can make of the transcribers to do other things ? 
B:  One  one was uh , we had s had some discussion in the past about some very high level labelings , 
A:  Um , the other thing is that  there was a number of things at the transcription side that , um , transcribers can do , like dialogue act tagging , 

A:  And actually in addition to that , that the  the close talking mikes are worn in such a way as to best capture the signal . 
H:  So it 's towards the corner of your mouth so that breath sounds don't get on it . 
A:  But if we could actually standardize , you know , the  the microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . 
B:  but have them all be the same mike . 
G:  It 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . 
G:  it 's really  <mike noise> it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view 
H:  So we might as well get it as uniform as we can . 
G:  And , uh , also Dan Ellis 's innovation of the , uh  the multi - channel to here really helped a r a lot in terms of clearing  clearing up h hearings that involve overlaps . 

B:  uh , well one thing I was gonna say was that , um , i we could get more , uh , of the head mounted microphones 
B:  so why don't we just go out and  and get an order of  of 
B:  but have them all be the same mike . 
H:  So we might as well get it as uniform as we can . 

A:  I guess I wanted to , um , sort of make a pitch for trying to collect more meetings . 
A:  because I think it 'd be good if  if we can get a few different sort of non - internal types of meetings 

A:  but that , um , it would be helpful if I can stay in the loop somehow with , um , people who are doing any kind of post - processing , 

A:  it adds this extra , you know , vari variable for each speaker to  to deal with when the microphones aren't similar . 

A:  But if we could actually standardize , you know , the  the microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . 
G:  It 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . 
G:  it 's really  <mike noise> it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view 

B:  but if you 're d i the kind of person who 's doing array processing you actually care about funny little times . 
B:  And  and so you actually wou would want to have a completely different set up than we have , 
E:  Is there an interest in getting video recordings for these meetings ? 
H:  Yes , absolutely . But it 's exactly the same problem , 
H:  that you have an infrastructure problem , 
B:  They were interested in ours . 
B:  And , uh , it is related to ours . 

E:  But there could be problems , right ? with that . 
A:  then for forced alignment we actually don't know where  you know , in the signal the transcriber heard that word . 
A:  Th - but there 's going to be a real problem , 
A:  uh , even if we chop up based on speech silence these , uh , the transcripts from I B M , we don't actually know where the words were , 
A:  which segment they belonged to . 

E:  So the problem is like , uh , on the microphone of somebody who 's not talking they 're picking up signals from other people  and that 's <breath> causing problems ? 

