F:  OK well , the , w uh as you can see from the numbers on the digits we 're almost done . 
F:  And so , once we 're  it 's done it would be very nice to train up a recognizer and actually start working with this data . 

C:  Yeah just by way of uh , uh , a uh , order of magnitude , uh , um , we 've been working with this Aurora , uh data set . 
C:  And , uh , the best score , on the , nicest part of the data , that is , where you 've got training and test set that are basically the same kinds of noise and so forth , uh , is about , 
C:  I think the best score was something like five percent , uh , error , per digit . 

C:  One question I have that  that I mean , we wouldn't know the answer to now but might , do some guessing , but I was talking before about doing some model modeling of arti uh , uh , marking of articulatory , features , with overlap and so on . 
C:  One thought might be to do this uh , on  on the digits , or some piece of the digits . 
C:  So , I mean another way to look at this is to , is to , uh , do some stuff on Switchboard which has all this other , stuff to it . 
C:  And then , um , As we get , further down the road and we can do more things ahead of time , we can , do some of the same things to the meeting data . 

A:  Uh , oh yeah , um , <breath> I worked a little bit on the  on the presegmentation to  to get another version which does channel - specific , uh , speech - nonspeech detection . 

B:  also we discussed some adaptational things , 
B:  uh  You know I hadn't , uh , incorporated , a convention explicitly to handle acronyms , for example , 
B:  And then , a similar conv uh , convention for numbers . 
G:  So if they hear a breath and they don't know who breath it is it 's better to put it in that channel than to put it in the speaker 's channel 

F:  And so the  the question is , should we have the transcribers do that or should we just do it ? 
B:  and I think it 's a  it 's a fine idea partly because , um , it 's not un unrelated to their present skill set , 
F:  And then , hand off to Jane , and the transcribers to do the actual extraction of the digits . 

D:  Well , you know , um  I mean if we 're talking about , having the , annotators annotate these kinds of features , it seems like , 
C:  So I mean i we 'll see wha how much we can , uh , get the people to do , and how much money we 'll have and all this sort of thing , 
C:  So , I mean another way to look at this is to , is to , uh , do some stuff on Switchboard which has all this other , stuff to it . 

A:  It seems to me that it would be good to have , a few minutes from  from different meetings , 
B:  So , as a first pass through , a first chance without having to do a lot of hand - editing , what we 're gonna do , is , I 'll run it through channelize , give them those data after I 've done the editing process and be sure it 's clean . 
B:  And then we 'll see if the units that we 're getting , uh , with the  at that level , are sufficient . 

None

A:  There are some problems with the lapel mike . 
A:  but , there are some  some  as I said some problems with the lapel mike , 

A:  Then , the , yeah , there are  there are some problems with  with  with n with normalization , and , then , uh , there the system doesn't work at all . 

A:  And , the thing is I  I , then the evaluation of  of the system is a little bit hard , as I don't have any references . 

B:  it drifted into the afternoon ,  <inbreath> uh , concerning this issue of , um , the , well there 's basically the issue of the interplay between the transcript format and the processing that , they need to do for , the SRI recognizer . 
B:  And , um , <mike noise> their recognizer would prefer that the units not be overly long . 

