B:  I have a short thing about digits 
B:  and then uh I wanna talk a little bit about naming conventions , 
B:  So the only thing I wanna say about digits is , we are pretty much done with the first test set . 
A:  Uh , the last one was  that you had there ,  was about naming ? 
B:  We want some way of specifying , more than looking in the " key " file , what channel and what mike . What channel , what mike , and what broadcaster . 

A:  Uh , right , so  so I  I was just gonna talk briefly about the NSF ITR . 
A:  OK , so uh e l I guess , let me , uh , get my  my short thing out about the NSF . 
A:  so this was , uh , a , uh , proposal that we put in 
A:  so is i for  it was a <mouth> proposal for the ITR program , 
A:  Um ,  <clears throat> since we have such a short agenda list I guess I wi I will ask how  how are the transcriptions going ? 
C:  And  and I 'm tried to  to , uh , adjust the  to  to improve , eh , an harmonicity , eh , detector that , eh , I  I implement . 
C:  eh , and now I 'm  I 'm  I 'm trying to  to find , eh , some kind of a , um  <breath> of h of help , eh , using the energy to  to distinguish between possible harmonics , and  and other fre frequency peaks , that , eh , corres not harmonics . 
A:  You 're trying distinguish between the case where there is , uh  where  where there are more than  uh , where there 's more than one speaker 
A:  and the case where there 's only one speaker . 

F:  that there 's one third thing I wanted to  to ex raise as a to as an issue 
F:  which is , um , how to handle breaths . 

G:  Seems like we should just change the transcripts 

B:  that also brings up the point that we have to start assembling a speaker database so that we get those links back and forth 
B:  and keep it consistent . 

F:  Well so then  then , maybe the answer is to , uh , listen especially densely in places of overlap , 

G:  So I would say don't tell them to transcribe anything that 's outside of a grouping of words . 

A:  I don't know  think it 'd be ideal . 
A:  and breaths are part of real speech . 

C:  I will prepare for the next week eh , all my results about the harmonicity 

B:  But , um , the other problem we were thinking about is if you just put the numerals ,  they might say forty - three instead of four three . 

F:  But , um , with the mixed , when you have an overlap , you only have a  a choice of one start and end time for that entire overlap , 

F:  once in a while a backchannel will be overlooked by the transcriber . 

E:  Yeah , but those backchannels will always be a problem I think . 
E:  Uh especially if they 're really short 
E:  and they 're not very loud 
E:  and so it  it can  it  it will always happen that also the automatic s detection system will miss some of them , 

None

F:  um , aside from the fact that they 're obviously very time - consuming to encode , 

