D:  So the other topic with digits is uh , 
D:  We have ASR results from Liz , 
D:  transcript status from Jane , 
D:  and disk space and storage formats from Don . 
D:  Don , you had disk space and storage formats . 

D:  We have about two hours worth . 
D:  So what that means is we have about an hour of transcribed digits that we can play with . 
F:  And you 're saying two hours , uh , is digits , 

G:  um , leads us to believe that doing a better segmentation , like your channel - based segmentation , or some kind of uh , echo cancellation to get basically back down to the individual speaker utterances would be probably all that we would need to be able to do good recognition on the  on the close - talking mikes . 

E:  Alright so , first of all , um , there was a  an interest in the transcribe transcription , uh , checking procedures 

None

D:  OK so  so I can just add to the instructions to read it as digits 

None

A:  Give it  Give one tr transcriber the  the channelized version of  of my speech - nonspeech detection 
A:  and look if  if that 's helpful for them , 

D:  and they 're slowly s trickling in . 
D:  and so we tried last week with them written out in English . 
D:  And it just didn't work at all 
D:  because no one grouped them together . 

G:  Especially for speakers that don't talk a lot . 
G:  so we have a problem with acoustic adaptation , 

G:  it 's the fact that there 's overlap that causes recognition errors . 
G:  so with a one - word utterance and ten insertions you know you got huge error rate . 

G:  I guess the other neat thing is it shows for sure w that the lapel , you know within speaker is bad . 
G:  And it 's bad because it picks up the overlapping speech . 

G:  That  that 's why we need more disk space 

G:  You can't load an hour of speech into X Waves . 

G:  but if there 's things that um , we change later , then we always have to keep our  the dictionary up to date . 

E:  Well , you know the problem  the problem is that some  some of the adjustments that they 're making are to bring  are to combine bins that were  time bins which were previously separate . 
B:  But the  I guess the ef the effect for you guys , because you 're pulling out the little wave forms into separate ones , that would mean these boundaries are constantly changing 
G:  but if you split inside something , you don't where the word  which words moved . 

