B:  and then we go in and adjust the boundaries . 
B:  how quickly can the transcribers scan over and fix the boundaries , 
C:  and then it 's  then it 's  then it 's the transcribers tightening stuff up , 
C:  So you 're talking about tightening up time boundaries ? 
E:  Well , so  so that 's something that the transcribers will have to  have to do . 
F:  So , if I excluded the pathological ones , <laugh> by definition , those that had like over ninety - five percent error rate , <inbreath> and the non - natives , then the average error rate was like one point four or something , 

None

F:  So , if I excluded the pathological ones , <laugh> by definition , those that had like over ninety - five percent error rate , <inbreath> and the non - natives , then the average error rate was like one point four or something , 

D:  So we need some way to push these first chunk of meetings into a state where we get good alignments . 

B:  and then we go in and adjust the boundaries . 
C:  and then it 's  then it 's  then it 's the transcribers tightening stuff up , 
E:  Well , so  so that 's something that the transcribers will have to  have to do . 

A:  He generated , um , a channel - wise presegmented version of a meeting , 
C:  and then it 's IBM . 

E:  I think that if we decide that we need  that they need to see the visuals , we need to change the interface so that they can do that . 

A:  and there really was , then , if it didn't show up in a mixed signal to verify , then it might be overlooked , 
A:  Yeah , but presumably , most of those they should be able to hear from the mixed signal unless they 're embedded in the heavil heavy overlap section 
D:  I don't know that you can locate them very well from the mixed signal , 

A:  so , I mean , the question is " should  should a transcriber listen to the entire thing or can it g can it be based on the mixed signal ? " 

D:  Except for <clears throat> it doesn't do well on short things , remember . 

E:  The problem is that  that  the Tcl - TK interface with the visuals , it 's very slow to load waveforms . 
A:  but you just can't get the visual display to show quickly . 

F:  Oh , well , yeah , so I 've been struggling with the forced alignments . 
F:  but it might well be that we can't get clean alignments out of this  out of those , uh , <inbreath> channels , 
D:  so he thought well if we can do something quick and dirty because Dan said the cross - cancellation , it 's not straight - forward . 

None

C:  Unless maybe we do this , uh , um , cancellation business . 
D:  but it 's clear from Dan that this is not something you can do in a short amount of time . 
D:  um , but then if you add the dynamic aspect of adapting distances , then it wasn't  

F:  It 's very tedious to check these . 

A:  and I really find it a pain in the neck to delete things 

E:  Yeah , for Eurospeech we want some results 

E:  but if they 're not comfortable , we have the same problems we have with these stupid things . 

