D:  So . On Friday we had our wizard test data test and um <outbreath> these are some of the results . 

D:  Um , we have to refine the tasks more and more , which of course we haven't done at all , so far , in order to avoid this rephrasing , 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 
B:  Um  And also if she 's willing to take on the job of organizing all those subjects and stuff that would be wonderful . 

None

A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net 
A:  and I grouped things according to what  how I thought they would fit in to uh image schemas that would be related . 
A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 
D:  But the uh  the  the nice thing is that you know , it just is a  is a visual aid for thinking about these things which has comple clearly have to be specified m more carefully 

B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 

B:  which is there are technical ways of doing it , 
B:  And the other trick , which is not a technical trick , it 's kind of a knowledge engineering trick , is to make the n  each node sufficiently narrow that you don't get this combinatorics . 

B:  we have to add , you know , not too much about um object types and stuff , 
B:  that 's another sort of thing " OK , here 's a  another kind of minimal uh way of tackling this " . 
B:  Add extra properties , 
B:  a deterministic rule for every property 

D:  And um  and here is exactly where what 's gonna be replaced with our Bayes - net , 

None

B:  So . What you 're trying to get out of this deep co cognitive linguistics is the fact that w if you know about source  source , paths and goals , and nnn  all this sort of stuff , that a lot of this is the same , for different tasks . 
B:  And that  uh there 's  there 's some  some important generalities that you 're getting , 
B:  So that if you have sources , you have trajectors and stuff like that , 
B:  But what I 'd like to be able to do is to have the way that you extract properties , that will go into different Bayes - nets , be the  uh general . 
B:  What you 'd really like of course is the same thing you 'd always like which is that you have um a kind of intermediate representation which looks the same o over a bunch of inputs and a bunch of outputs . 

B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 

B:  my idea on that was  uh , partly we 'll talk about system stuff for the computer scientists , 
B:  but partly I did want it to get the linguists involved in some of this issue about what the task is and all  um you know , what the dialogue is , and what 's going on linguistically , 
B:  You just uh do " this is what we did , and here 's the  thing , and here 's s some of the dialogue and  and so forth . " 

None

D:  So the belief - net takes as input , a vector , 
D:  and then we want to look up some more stuff in the ontology 
D:  but also we definitely want to look up in the dialogue history um some s some stuff . 
B:  There will be rules , but they aren't rules that come to final decisions , they 're rules that gather information for a decision process . 
B:  My guess is it 'll be the same basic agent that um can go off and get information , run it through a  a c this belief - net that  

B:  and you wanted to specialize it to these three ones , then you would have to supply the parameters . 
B:  and that may actually involve getting more information . 

D:  I think we  I  I can come up with a  a code for a module that we call the " cognitive dispatcher " , which does nothing , 
D:  but it looks of complect object trees and decides how  are there parts missing that need to be filled out , 
D:  and then collect uh sub - objects and then recombine them and put them together . 

None

D:  Five minutes is just too long . 
B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 

D:  She also agrees that you know if it 's all just gonna be students the data is gonna be less valuable because of that 

B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 

A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net 
A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 

B:  I mean , not necessarily in th in this meeting , but to try to informally think about what the decision variables are . 
A:  So the immediate problem is just deciding w which  
D:  Aspects of the X - schema to add . 

B:  The harder problem is we decide what we want to use , how are we gonna get it ? 

B:  And I don't yet see how that goes . 

B:  and uh see if we can find a way to present this to this linguists group that  that is helpful to them . 

