B:  What we think is gonna happen is that , uh , in parallel starting about now <breath> we 're gonna get Fey <mouth> to , where you 're working with me and Robert , draft a note that we 're gonna send out to various CogSci c and other classes saying , " here 's an opportunity to be a subject . 
B:  But what I 'd like to do , if it 's O K , <breath> is to s to , as I say , start the recruiting in parallel and possibly start running subjects next week . 

C:  And , um  and now it 's  We have a complete English parser that does everything the German parser does . 
C:  And it still is , now in English . 
B:  That , these guys did in a  in a day . 

D:  One thing I was wondering , was , those functions there , are those things that modify the M - three - L basically ? 
D:  I think each of those functions act on the current XML structure , and change it in some way , for example , by adding a  a l a field to it , or something . 
B:  there were other actions uh , that  that s seemed to step  state variables somewhere , 
B:  which , in German , uh , takes these t sentence templates and produces XML structures . 

C:  Uh  You  you have a route , 
C:  And every  every element of that e r r f of that  Every segment we call a " route element " . 
C:  where y where  you sort of end , and some points of interest along the way . 

C:  is one , um , <breath> <mouth> Also allocating , uh , some tags for our Action Schema Enter - Vista - Approach , 

B:  Uh , at some point we 're going to have to worry about the language end . 

B:  Eh  so , you  you  you may or  So , then you 'd have this little vector of , um , you know , Approach Mode or EVA Mode . 
B:  It 's part of what you know about  a  an object , <breath> is its EVA vector . 

B:  If you know it for a specific landmark you put it there . 
B:  If you don't , you just go up the hierarchy to the first place you find one . 
B:  If it 's that type of thing , and we want its EVA vector , pppt - pppt !  it 's that . " 

D:  the typical example is that , um , these are all a bunch of cues for something , 
D:  and this is a certain effect that we 'd like to conclude . 

D:  And , that 's a lot of probabilities to put here , which is kind of a pain . 

D:  So  Noisy - ORs are a way to , uh , <breath> sort of deal with this . 
D:  So we come up with these l little tables for each of those 
D:  And the final thing is that , um  <breath> <mouth> this is a deterministic function of these , 
B:  Th - c the full conditional probability table  with some function . 

None

B:  In parallel with that , we 're gonna need to actually do the script . 
B:  This  The permission form . 

B:  What we think is gonna happen is that , uh , in parallel starting about now <breath> we 're gonna get Fey <mouth> to , where you 're working with me and Robert , draft a note that we 're gonna send out to various CogSci c and other classes saying , " here 's an opportunity to be a subject . 
B:  not necessarily by any means all students 
B:  But what I 'd like to do , if it 's O K , <breath> is to s to , as I say , start the recruiting in parallel and possibly start running subjects next week . 
C:  which is we gonna check out our social infrastructures for possible subjects . 

B:  That , these guys did in a  in a day . 
B:  Eh , but again , there 's one module in which there 's one piece <mouth> that we have to convert to English . 

C:  And the next thing I would like to be able to do , and it seems like this would not be too difficult either , is <breath> to say , " OK let 's now pretend we actually wanted to not only change the  <breath> the mapping of  of , uh , words to the M - three - L but we also wanted to change  add a new sentence type 
B:  So , yeah . I definitely think it 's  <breath> It 's worth the exercise of trying to actually add something that isn't there . 

B:  It seems to me we can get <breath> all the complexity we want in actions and in language without going outside of tourists in Heidelberg . 
B:  So , at least  unless somebody else wants t to suggest otherwise I think <breath> the general domain we don't have t to uh , broaden . 
B:  That is , tourists in Heidelberg . 

None

B:  So it seemed to me , what we ought to do is get our story together . 
B:  And think about it some , internally , before asking them to make changes . 
B:  OK . What are the thl class of things we think we might try to do in a year or two ? 
B:  This is  this is everything that  that , um ,  <breath> you know , um  we might want to do in the next couple years . 

D:  So  Noisy - ORs are a way to , uh , <breath> sort of deal with this . 
B:  I think we definitely  I think it 's a great idea tha to  to pursue that . 

C:  And , um  and now it 's  We have a complete English parser that does everything the German parser does . 
D:  I think each of those functions act on the current XML structure , and change it in some way , for example , by adding a  a l a field to it , or something . 
B:  there were other actions uh , that  that s seemed to step  state variables somewhere , 
A:  It 's mystery functions . 
B:  That , these guys did in a  in a day . 

B:  Although th the <breath> To get at them from a language may not be trivial . 
C:  So , it 's a relational database with persons , events , <breath> and , um , objects . 

D:  And , that 's a lot of probabilities to put here , which is kind of a pain . 

D:  So  Noisy - ORs are a way to , uh , <breath> sort of deal with this . 

B:  So , if Ba - JavaBayes won't do it for you , 
B:  And then  But , the combination functions , and whether we can put those in Java Bayes , and all that sort of stuff , is , uh  is the bigger deal . 

B:  There 's this whole framework problem that I 'm feeling really uncomfortable about . 

