G:  so they 'll have a little bit more natural interaction ? 

C:  And um we have a little description of asking peop subjects to contact Fey for you know recruiting them for our thing 
C:  however there is always more people in a  in a facul uh in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else 's class at the moment 
C:  And then we 're going to have another  we 're gonna have w another trial run 

C:  Um , the basic requirement is fulfilled almost . 
C:  you can speak into it and ask for TV and movie information 

None

C:  Then uh on to the modeling . 
C:  In the future though , the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an  an action and a domain object but an action , a domain object , and a rich action description , 

B:  Inside of Enter there will be roles that can be filled basically . 

C:  The idea is , so , imagine we have a library of schema 
C:  such as the Source - Path - Goal 
E:  Well one of the types of action schemas is Source - Path - Goal action . 

C:  The idea is , so , imagine we have a library of schema 
B:  So if you wanted to have a new type of action you 'd create a new type of category . 

C:  meaning we can reference . 
C:  and link it to another one , and this not only within a document but also via documents , 

B:  And then those actions can be in multiple categories at the same time if necessary . 
C:  it 's  it 's crucially necessary , is that we can have multiple schemas and multiple action schemas in parallel . 

C:  Um and I agree that you know this is something we need to discuss , 

C:  Um , so we 're about to collect data 
C:  And um we have a little description of asking peop subjects to contact Fey for you know recruiting them for our thing 

C:  however there is always more people in a  in a facul uh in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else 's class at the moment 

C:  there the idea is now that next actually we  we need to hire one more person to actually do that job 

C:  Meeting time rescheduling . 
G:  I n Didn't you say something about Friday , 

F:  So I mean clearly there 's  I can talk about the um the parser changes on Friday at least , 

C:  and  and this is on  on a  on  on my list of things until next  next week . 
C:  Yeah , we  I will promise for the next time to have fleshed out N  XML examples for a  a run through and  and see how this  this then translates , 

C:  and um if you can get that binding point also maybe with a nice example that would be helpful for Johno and me . 

C:  Um and then , secondly , we had , you may remember , um the problem with the re - phrasing , 
C:  that subject always re - phrase sort of the task that uh we gave them , 

C:  However , not only was  the common census were  among all participants of Friday 's meeting was it 's gonna be very laborious to  to make these drawings for each different things , 
C:  So all of a sudden we 'll get descriptions of pictures in there . 

B:  And the problem is , is that the current system does not distinguish between goes of type " going into " , goes of type " want to go to a place where I can take a picture of " , et cetera . 
C:  In the future though , the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an  an action and a domain object but an action , a domain object , and a rich action description , 

C:  Well , I think we 're gonna hit a lot of interesting problems 
C:  Um and I agree that you know this is something we need to discuss , 

C:  It 's also a question of the recursiveness and  and a hier hierarchy um in there . 

C:  And it 's gonna get more and more complex the  the l complexer and larger our domains get . 

