None

B:  so  We  we had a meeting with , uh  with Hynek , um , in  in which , uh , uh , Sunil and Stephane , uh <mouth> summarized where they were and  and , uh , talked about where we were gonna go . 
B:  So that  that happened sort of mid - week . 
B:  But I guess maybe the thing  since you weren't  yo you guys weren't at that  that meeting , might be just  just to , um , sort of recap , uh , the  the conclusions of the meeting . 
E:  You 're talking about the meeting with Hynek ? 
B:  Since he 's going out of town like now , and I 'm going out town in a couple weeks , uh , and time is marching , sort of , given all the mu many wonderful things we could be working on , what  what will we actually focus on ? 
B:  And , uh  and what do we freeze ? 
B:  And , you know , what do we  ? 
B:  and then within that , I guess the idea was to freeze a certain set of options for now , to run it , uh , a particular way , and decide on what things are gonna be experimented with , as opposed to just experimenting with everything . 
B:  So keep a certain set of things constant . 
B:  Uh , maybe describe roughly what  what we are keeping constant for now , 
A:  Well . So we 've been working like six weeks on  on the noise compensation and we end up with something that seems reasonable . 
E:  Are you gonna use  which of the two techniques ? 
A:  So finally it 's  it 's , um , Wiener filtering on FFT bins . 
A:  So we are going to fix this for the moment and work on the other aspects of <clears throat> the whole system . 
B:  But structurally it seemed like the things  the main things that  that we brought up that , uh , are  are gonna need to get worked on seriously are , uh , uh , a  <clears throat> a significantly better VAD , uh , putting the neural net on , um , which , you know , we haven't been doing anything with , the , uh , neural net at the end there , and , uh , the , uh , <breath> opening up the second front . 

B:  But structurally it seemed like the things  the main things that  that we brought up that , uh , are  are gonna need to get worked on seriously are , uh , uh , a  <clears throat> a significantly better VAD , uh , putting the neural net on , um , which , you know , we haven't been doing anything with , the , uh , neural net at the end there , and , uh , the , uh , <breath> opening up the second front . 
E:  The other half of the channel ? 
B:  Yeah , yeah , I mean , cuz we  we have  we have , uh , uh , half the  the , uh , data rate that they allow . 
B:  And , uh , so the initial thing which came from , uh , the meeting that we had down south was , uh , that , um , we 'll initially just put in a mel spectrum as the second one . 
B:  It 's , you know ,  cheap , easy . 
B:  There 's a question about exactly how we do it . 
B:  We probably will go to something better later , 
B:  And  and , <clears throat> um , you know , in some sense we 're all doing fairly similar things . 
E:  So how did they fill up this  all these  these bits ? 
B:  Um , why are we using half ? 
B:  We have the on - line normalization and then we have the LDA RASTA . 
B:  The LDA RASTA , uh , throws away high modulation frequencies . 
B:  And they 're not doing that . 
B:  So that if you throw away high modulation frequencies , then you can downsample . 
B:  And , uh , so I  you know , we  we 've found in a lot of ways for quite a while that having a second stream uh , helps a lot . 
B:  So that 's  that 's put in , and you know , it may even end up with mel spectrum even though I 'm saying I think we could do much better , just because it 's simple . 
E:  So this second stream , will it add latency to the system 
B:  No , it 's in parallel . 
B:  We 're not talking about computation time here . 
B:  So it 's just in terms of what data it 's depending on . 
B:  It 's depending on the same data as the other . 

E:  What about the , um  uh , the new part of the evaluation , 
E:  the , uh , Wall Street Journal part ? 
B:  Have you ever worked with the Mississippi State h uh , software ? 
E:  Not yet . 
B:  Well you  you may be called upon to help , uh , uh , on account of , uh , all the work in this stuff here has been , uh , with small vocabulary . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Oh , so they 're gonna just deliver a system basically . 
D:  Yeah , th I  I guess it 's almost ready . 
D:  So they have released their , uh , document , describing the system . 
B:  Cuz one of the things that might be helpful , if you 've  if you 've got time in all of this is , is if  if these guys are really focusing on improving , uh , all the digit stuff , uh , maybe  and you got the front - end from them , maybe you could do the runs for the  
E:  Sure . 
B:  and  and , you know , iron out hassles that  that you have to , uh , tweak Joe about or whatever , 
B:  because you 're more experienced with running the large vocabulary stuff . 
D:  So I 'll point you to the web site and the mails corresponding . 
D:  So these sugges these  this , uh , period during which people are gonna make suggestions is to know whether it is actually biased towards any set of features or  
B:  Yeah , so I th th certainly the thing that I would want to know about is whether we get really hurt , uh , on in insertion penalty , language model , scaling , sorts of things . 
E:  Using our features . 
B:  Uh , in which case , um , H Hari or Hynek will need to , you know , push the case  more about  about this . 
E:  And we may be able to revisit this idea about , you know , somehow modifying our features to work with  

B:  Got anything to tell us ? 
C:  Well , I 've been reading some literature about clustering of data . 
C:  OK , so we 're talking about discovering intermediate categories to , um  to classify . 
C:  And , uh , I was looking at some of the work that , uh , Sangita was doing on these TRAPS things . 
C:  So she has , um  she has temporal patterns for , um , a certain set of phonemes , from  from TIMIT , 
C:  Um , and , um , I was thinking about ways to  to generalize this 
C:  because w you 're  it 's sort of like a  it 's not a completely automatic way of clustering , 
B:  Are you looking at these in narrow bands ? 
B:  Yeah , I mean , it seems somehow that needs th uh , there 's a couple things that I wonder about with this . 
B:  I mean , if you 're going for this sort of thing where you have  uh , little detectors that are looking at narrow bands , then what you 're going to be looking for should be some category that you can find with the narrow bands . 
B:  Um , the sort of standard answer about this sort of thing is that if you 're trying to find  the right system in some sense , whether you 're trying by categories or  or parameters  um , and your goal is discrimination , then having choices based on discrimination as opposed to , um , unsupervised nearness of things , um , is actually better . 
B:  Um , and I don't know if that  I mean , since you 're dealing with issues of robustness , you know , maybe  maybe this isn't right , but it 'd be something I 'd be concerned about . 
B:  Because , for instance , you can imagine , uh , uh , i i if you remember from  from , uh  from your  your quals , John Ohala saying that , uh , " buh "  and " puh "  differed , uh , not really cuz of voicing but because of aspiration . 
B:  So , um , if you looked  if you were doing some coarse clustering , you probably would put those two sounds together . 
B:  And yet , I would gue I would guess that many of your recognition errors were coming from , uh , um , pfft ,  screwing up on this distinction . 
B:  if you go and take any recognizer that 's already out there and you say , " how well is it distinguishing between  schwas and stops ? " 
B:  Boy , I bet they 're all doing nearly perfectly on this , 

D:  So , I 'll , um  I 'll actually  after the meeting I 'll add the second stream to the VAD and maybe I 'll start with the feature net in that case . 
D:  OK , so just figure how to take the features from the final  

B:  Have you ever worked with the Mississippi State h uh , software ? 
E:  Not yet . 
B:  Well you  you may be called upon to help , uh , uh , on account of , uh , all the work in this stuff here has been , uh , with small vocabulary . 
E:  OK . 
B:  Cuz one of the things that might be helpful , if you 've  if you 've got time in all of this is , is if  if these guys are really focusing on improving , uh , all the digit stuff , uh , maybe  and you got the front - end from them , maybe you could do the runs for the  
E:  Sure . 
B:  and  and , you know , iron out hassles that  that you have to , uh , tweak Joe about or whatever , 
B:  because you 're more experienced with running the large vocabulary stuff . 
D:  So I 'll point you to the web site and the mails corresponding . 
B:  You know Joe , 
B:  Just to sort of ask him about the issue of , um , different features having different kinds of , uh , scaling characteristics and so on . 
D:  So sh shall we , like , add Chuck also to the mailing lists ? 
E:  that 'd be great . 
D:  Yeah , I guess maybe Hari or Hynek , one of them , has to  send a mail to Joe . 
E:  I  I could send him an email . 
E:  I  I was just talking with him on email the other day actually . 
B:  Uh , yeah , and just , um , se maybe see . 
B:  Yeah , so maybe just CC Hari and say that you 've just been asked to handle the large vocabulary part here , 
B:  Why don't you just ask Joe but CC Hari , and then in the note say , " Hari , hopefully this is OK with you " . 
B:  And then if Joe feels like he needs a confirmation , Hari can answer it . 

E:  Oh , so they 're gonna just deliver a system basically . 
D:  Yeah , th I  I guess it 's almost ready . 
D:  So they have released their , uh , document , describing the system . 
D:  So these sugges these  this , uh , period during which people are gonna make suggestions is to know whether it is actually biased towards any set of features or  
B:  Yeah , so I th th certainly the thing that I would want to know about is whether we get really hurt , uh , on in insertion penalty , language model , scaling , sorts of things . 
E:  Using our features . 
B:  Uh , in which case , um , H Hari or Hynek will need to , you know , push the case  more about  about this . 
E:  And we may be able to revisit this idea about , you know , somehow modifying our features to work with  

