D:  Uh one of them is to work on the semantics of the belief - net which is going to be the main inference engine for thi the system uh making decisions . 
D:  And we 're also , sort of uh in the same process , going to work with Fey on what there should be in the dialogues . 

C:  And um  And Fey has some thirty subjects lined up ? 
D:  So we  yeah we don't know how many we can get next door at the  uh shelter for example . 

C:  And um  And then they gonna have to f um um choose from one of these tasks , which are listed here . 
D:  so if  if it 's one service , one luxury item , you know , one big - ish place , and so forth and so on , um  then my guess is that  that the data is going to be easier to handle . 
E:  That w maybe one thing we should do is go through this list and sort of select things that are categories and then o offer only one member of that category ? 

D:  I b My guess is it 's gonna be ten . 

None

D:  And decisions are going to turn out to be parameter choices for calls on other modules . 

C:  And that we can actually infer them to a significant de degree , or we ask . 
D:  Or  eh so , y but there 's th but definitely a back - off position to asking . 

D:  OK , Because uh  we do wanna get them r u perfectly  but I think we 're gonna have to do a first cut at a lot of them to see how they interact . 

D:  We are expecting Johno to build a parser , 
D:  Uh  He 's g he 's hoping to do this for his masters ' thesis s by a year from now . 
D:  Uh  limited . 
D:  Well , the hope is that the parser itself is , uh , pretty robust . 

C:  Maybe  I suggest we make some fine tuning of these , get  sort of  run through ten or so subjects 
D:  Um But anyway  yeah , so I think  it 's a good idea to start with the sort of relatively straight forward res just response system . 

C:  And um  And then they gonna have to f um um choose from one of these tasks , which are listed here . 
E:  That w maybe one thing we should do is go through this list and sort of select things that are categories and then o offer only one member of that category ? 
D:  like at you know , " attend a theater , symphony or opera " is  is a group , 
D:  and " tour the university , castle or zoo " , 

C:  so  trying to im um  implant the intention of going to a place now , going to a place later on the same tour , 
C:  and see whether we wanna make it more complex or not , depending on what  what sort of results we 're getting . 
E:  Um  I  I would say maybe two weeks . 
D:  Let 's plan next Monday , OK , to have a review of what we have so far . 
C:  This means audio , but  
D:  but it would be great if you could , um , not transcribe it all , but pick out uh , some stuff . 
D:  And then if we want to uh  get them to start doing  uh  multiple step planning with a whole bunch of things and then organize them 
D:  tell them which things are near each other 
D:  and we 're gonna start thinking a about  uh  what constructions we want to elicit . 

C:  see this  this  this  uh  ontology node is probably something that I will try to expand . 
C:  And hopefully you can sort of also try to find out , you know , sooner or later in the course of the summer what we can expect to get from the discourse that might , you know  or the  

D:  Uh Robert and Eva and Bhaskara are gonna actually  build a belief - net that  that , um , has CPT 's and , you know , tries to infer this from various kinds of information . 

D:  OK , Because uh  we do wanna get them r u perfectly  but I think we 're gonna have to do a first cut at a lot of them to see how they interact . 

D:  whatever you need in order to uh , be able to then , uh , by hand , you know , explain , some fraction of the utterances . 

C:  so there 's a lot of things where we have no analogous tasks , and  that may or may not be a problem . 

C:  And these are the data tasks where w we can assume the person would like to enter , view or just approach the thing . 
D:  Now of course you have this I guess possible danger that somehow there 're certain constructions that people use uh when talking about a museum that they wouldn't talk about with a university and stuff , 

None

C:  And um we 're still l looking for a room on the sixth floor because they stole away that conference room . Um  behind our backs . 
C:  David and  and Jane and  and Lila are working on that as we speak . 

None

B:  And I  I me it would it would be completely out of the question to really do more than , say , like , oh I don't know , ten , over the summer , 

