C:  the function <other> of a remote control , as what uh we've been informed , is basically to send messages to the television set , 
C:  for example , switch it on , switch it off , go to this channel , go to channel nine , turn the volume up , etcetera . 
C:  whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen , things like that , all the more complicated functions of menus . 
C:  And we can decide if that's what we want ,  , um if we want to include that on the remote , if that's something that would stay on the T_V_ itself , for example . 
C:  These are two examples . 
C:  Um and you can see on the left , it's got a lot more buttons , 
C:  And then on the right , it's a lot more simpler , 
C:  And then lastly , it's just the questions that we want to consider 
C:  like what functions do we want it to include , and how simple , complex it should be ? 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer presented the basic functions of the device and discussed the designs of two existing products, showing an example of the simple design that the group wants to implement.

A:  Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements . 
D:  okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab , 
D:  and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire , 
D:  Seventy five percent think they're ugly . 
D:  Eighty percent want  they've  are willing to spend more , which is good news for us um if we make it look fancier , 
D:  And we need we need it to be simple , yet it needs to be high-tech looking . So  
A:  What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user , like they have to press the buttons . 
D:  I I think it's like the engineering versus user , 
D:  <other> And so people say that they typically lose it , 
D:  and R_S_I_ , I'm not very sure what that is . 
B:  Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is ? 
D:  Uh yeah , that's what my web site said , 
D:  I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly . 
D:  And also we found  our team found that speech recognition is  it's like an up-and-coming thing 
A:  <other> Didn't they  um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would  the remote would beep so if you have lost it  
A:  We could definitely include that if we wanted to . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert presented feedback from users, showing that users want a simple but fancy-looking remote control and that young users want speech recognition.

D:  and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there , because they only use ten percent of the buttons really . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: She discussed including only the most basic functions in the interface.

B:  'Kay . Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one , 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating . 
B:  Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip . 
B:  Um power source , I figured , batteries , 
B:  Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s , sometimes three . 
B:  so a large on-off button would probably be good . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer presented her internal design of the device and discussed the processor chip and the energy sources that will be integrated.

B:  Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness , 
C:  but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . 
D:  Like that we know the battery's working . 
descriptions: Suggest Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: She suggested integrating an extra lightbulb that lit up when the remote was communicating with the television.

A:  New product requirements . 
A:  First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote . 
A:  so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . 
A:  But it's becoming out-dated now , because of the Internet . 
A:  Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news , 
A:  So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager gave the group new requirements for the product design.

A:  Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? 
A:  Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically  
A:  non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . 
A:  so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range  
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The group discussed marketing the product to a wide range of customers.

D:  we we need a like homing device . 
B:  And on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger , 
B:  and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you . 
C:  Well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery . 
B:  Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually . 
C:  If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic . 
D:  It's really the people twenty five to thirty five . 
A:   and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They had a discussion about possibly including a locator function and speech recognition.

A:  And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . 
A:  We could just have the logo in yellow , 
A:  or maybe a yellow light for the keys . 
C:  If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom  the base of it , just like yellow with the R_R_ . 
C:  Well , do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine ? 
D:  Well , we definitely need those . 
A:  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , 
A:  or no menu buttons . 
A:  So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers  
D:  Yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those 
D:  or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ? 
A:  I think that that's fine just for the T_V_ . 
C:  you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Elicit-Assessment Assess Inform Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Assessment Assess Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They discussed integrating the company's yellow color and logo into the design, and decreasing the number of buttons in the main interface.

A:  The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , 
A:  um U_I_D_ the user interface concept , 
A:  and you're going to do some trend watching . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to prepare the components concept, the User Interface Designer to prepare the interface concept, and the Marketing Expert to prepare a trendwatching report.

A:  The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer will prepare the components concept for the device.

A:  um U_I_D_ the user interface concept , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The User Interface Designer will prepare the interface concept for the device.

A:  and you're going to do some trend watching . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The Marketing Expert will prepare a trendwatching report.

B:  We need a power source , we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will feature a smart processor chip to accomodate all of the remote's functions.

C:  but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . 
D:  Like that we know the battery's working . 
descriptions: Assess Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will feature an extra lightbulb that will light up when the remote is communicating with the television.

C:  Well , should it be larger buttons in general , 
D:  I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The interface will contain larger buttons.

A:  Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? 
A:  Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically  
A:  non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The device will be marketed to all age groups, and made simple for those with less technical skills.

None

abst_sum - decisions: The remote will feature mainly basic functions, such as channel changing and volume adjustments, so that the interface will have less buttons.

A:  So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . 
A:  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , 
A:  or no menu buttons . 
A:  So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers  
C:  So we just have it like  add a menu button then for the various things needed , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: There will be no buttons for controlling a VCR or other device; the interface will feature only channel and volume up/down buttons, a number pad, and a menu button to access the menu functions on a television.

A:  And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will include the company color and logo in its design.

A:   and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . 
D:  we we need a like homing device . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will consider including speech recognition and a locator function in the functional design.

None

abst_sum - problems: NA.

