B:  Mmm . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Whew ! 
B:  I almost forgot  about the meeting . 
B:  I woke up twenty minutes ago , thinking , what did I forget ? 
B:  Internal alarms . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Now what are y what are you doing there ? 
B:  I forgot ? 
B:  Mmm . 
B:  God bless America . 
B:  Wait , aren't you flying on Lufthansa though ? 
B:  Oh . Well then the  you know , it 's not a big deal . 
B:  Once you get to the United States it 'll be a problem , 
B:  but 
B:  On  ? 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , like in AI they generally do the take in , 
B:  and then they also do the generation phase , like Nancy 's thing . 
B:  Or uh , 
B:  you remember , in the  the hand thing in one - eighty - two , like not only was it able to recognize but it was also to generate based upon situations . 
B:  You mean that sort of thing ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Well then , he probably should be coming back a year  from now . 
B:  Well , once the system understands things . 
B:  I just don't think  I think we 're probably a year away from getting the system to understand things . 
B:  The basic idea I guess would be to give  allow the system to have intentions , basically ? 
B:  Cuz that 's basically what needs to be added to the system for it . 
B:  Well we 'd have to seed that , 
B:  I mean . 

B:  It wouldn't know what to ask . 
B:  I mean . 
B:  Unless it was in a situation . 
B:  We 'd have to set up a situation where , it didn't know where something was and it wanted to go there . 
B:  Which means that we 'd need to set up an intention inside of the system . Right ? 
B:  Which is basically , " I don't know where something is and I need to go there " . 
B:  Well , no I guess not . 
B:  Excel 
B:  Sure . 
B:  Well , it will d r assign values to all the nodes . Yes . 
B:  I 'm just  
B:  I guess what I 'm afraid of is if we don't , you know , set up a  situation ,  we 'll just get a bunch of garbage out , 
B:  like you know , everything 's exactly thirty percent . 
B:  Well that was  that was absurdly low , in the last meeting , 
B:  cuz I went and looked at it 
B:  cuz I was thinking , that could not be right , 
B:  and it would  it was on the order of twenty output nodes and something like twenty  
B:  thirty input nodes . 
B:  So to test every output node , uh , would at least  
B:  Let 's see , so it would be two to the thirty for every output node ? 
B:  Which is very th very large . 
B:  Well , I 'm talking about 
B:  Oh , I was gonna take a drink of my water . 
B:  I 'm talking about billions and billions and billions and 
B:  a number  
B:  two to the thirty is like a 
B:  Bhaskara said , we had calculated out and Bhaskara believes that it 's larger than the number of particles in the universe . 
B:  And if i 
B:  Two to the thirty ? 
B:  Well , two to the thirty is a billion , 
B:  but if we have to do it two to the twenty times , then that 's a very very large number . 
B:  Cuz you have to query the node , for every a uh , or query the net two to the twenty times . 
B:  Or not two to th 
B:  excuse me , twenty times . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  As far as  
B:  That 's @ @  That 's big . 
B:  Actually  
B:  Oh ! We calculated a different number before . 
B:  How did we do that ? 
B:  If it takes us a second to do , for each one , and let 's say it 's twenty billion ,  then that 's twenty billion seconds , 
B:  which is  
B:  Eva , do the math . 
B:  Hours and hours and hours and hours . 
B:  But we can do randomized testing . 
B:  Which probabilistically will be good enough . 
B:  Wait , who ? 
B:  Oh ! My advisor ! 
B:  I 'm gonna work on that today and tomorrow . 
B:  I 'm gonna finish it today , uh hopefully . 
B:  I wanna do one of those things where I stay here . 
B:  Cuz uh , if I go home , I can't finish it . 
B:  I 've tried about five times so far , where I work for a while and then I 'm like , I 'm hungry . 
B:  So I go home , and then I think  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Either that or I think to myself , I can work at home . 
B:  And then I try to work at home , but I fail miserably . 
B:  Like I ended up at Blakes last night . 
B:  No . 
B:  I almost got into a brawl . 
B:  But I did not finish the uh , 
B:  But I 've been looking into it . 
B:  I th @ @ It 's not like it 's a blank slate . 
B:  I found everything that I need 
B:  and stu and uh , 
B:  At the b 
B:  uh furthermore , I told Jerry that I was gonna finish it before he got back . 
B:  So . 
B:  Well , I think  we think we 'll see him definitely on Tuesday for the next  
B:  Or , no , wait . 
B:  The meetings are on Thursday . 
B:  Maybe . 
B:  Well , we 'll see him next week . 
B:  I was thinking about that . 
B:  I think 
B:  I will try to work on the SmartKom stuff 
B:  and I 'll  if I can finish it today , I 'll help you with that tomorrow , 
B:  if you work on it ? 
B:  I don't have a problem with us working on it though ? 
B:  So . 
B:  And it  
B:  I mean we just  I mean it wouldn't hurt to write up a paper , 
B:  cuz then , I mean , yeah  I was talking with Nancy 
B:  and Nancy said , you don't know whether you have a paper to  write up until you write it up . 
B:  So . 
B:  And since Jerry 's coming back , we can run it by him too . 
B:  So . 
B:  Wait , is this a computer science conference 
B:  or is it a  
B:  Well , I really can't keep a straight face doing anything . 
B:  Did Ben harass you ? 
B:  Good . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  No wait . You have to put it on exactly like that , 
B:  so put that  those things over your ears like that . 
B:  See the p how the plastic things ar arch out like that ? 
B:  There we go . 
B:  It hurts . It hurts real bad . 
B:  Is your mike on ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Will I ? 
B:  But that  
B:  don't they need to finish the formalism ? 
B:  Well , you said it was four thousand lines ? 
B:  Is that what you s 
B:  I would say that 's closer to six pages actually . 
B:  Four thousand lines of ASCII ? 
B:  How many characters are on a line ? 
B:  I got an email . 
B:  By the way , Keith is comfortable with us calling him " cool Keith " . 
B:  And he 'll put us up , too . 
B:  Potatoes . 
B:  So . Sorry ! 
B:  No , y I don't think you got it . 
B:  That 's the only  That 's the question mark . 
B:  Don't you need to reduce it if it 's a  or reduce it , if it 's a cognitive neuro  
B:  Yeah , you might get blacklisted . 
B:  Remember I came in and I started asking you about how we were sor going to sort out the uh , decision nodes ? 
B:  I remember you talking to me , just not what you said . 
B:  Well , there was like we needed to  or uh , in my opinion we need to design a Bayes  another sub - Bayes - net  
B:  You know , it was whether  it was whether we would have a Bayes - net on the output and on the input , 
B:  or whether the construction was gonna be in the Bayes - net , 
B:  a and outside of it , 
B:  and  
B:  Well that was related to what we were talking about . 
B:  Yeah sure . 
B:  What ? 
B:  Oh , oh , oh , oh . 
B:  I 've blocked every aspect of Phil Collins out of my mind . 
B:  Wait , what are the dots ? 
B:  I don't remember what the dots were . 
B:  Oh , oh . 
B:  I 'd  I 'd never seen it before either . 
B:  You can dynamically look up keys , yeah . 
B:  And then grep , basically . 
B:  Uh s I was just dancing , sorry . 
B:  Uh  ah  
B:  We 
B:  I don't  
B:  Hhh . 
B:  I guess . I don't  
B:  I don't see unde how we would be able to distinguish between the two intentions just from the g utterance , though . 
B:  I mean , uh bef or , before we don't  before we cranked it through the Bayes - net . 
B:  I mean . 
B:  We would ? 
B:  OK , 
B:  but then so basically it 's just a  for every construction we have a node in the net , right ? 
B:  And we turn on that node . 
B:  And then given that we know that  the construction  has these two things , we can set up probabilities  
B:  we can s basically define all the tables for ev for those  
B:  I d I just  I don't like having  characterizing the constructions with location and path , 
B:  or li characterizing them like that . 
B:  Cuz you don't  It seems like in the general case you wouldn't know how  how to characterize them . 
B:  I mean  or , for when . 
B:  There could be an interpretation that we don't have a node for in the  
B:  I mean it just seems like @ @ has to have uh  a node for the construction and then let the chips fall where they may . 
B:  Versus uh , saying , this construction either can mean location or path . 
B:  And , in this cas and since  since it can mean either of those things , it would light both of those up . 
B:  Thoughts ? 
B:  Questions ? 
B:  Answers ? 
B:  Mmm , yeah . 
B:  Yeah , sure . 
B:  I change I changed my mind actually . 
B:  I am great . 
B:  When do you need to start wizarding ? 
B:  Mmm . 
