A:  Okay , is everybody ready ? 
C:  Yeah ? 
D:  Yeah I'd to just put on my microphone here and I'll be right with you . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Okay ? 
A:  Um <other> I take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do and um 
C:  Mm ? 
B:  Yes . 
A:  I think the Marketing Manager probably should go first , addressing the needs and desires . 


D:  <other> Okay you want me to start right now ? 
A:  Yeah , mm-hmm . 
D:  Okay . Well , could you um put my slides up 'cause I think it might be helpful if uh we looked at the slides at the same time . 
A:  <other> Okay . You're participant four . 
D:  I'm participant four I believe . Yes uh-huh . 'Kay . 
A:  Okay , and now I can uh full screen . 
C:  Open . 
A:  Uh , okay , okay . 
D:  There we go . Okay well I think we have introduced ourselves , so the functional requirements are  is <other> is part of my goal but why don't we pass right to the second slide . 
C:  And then full screen . 
D:  Alright , thanks for that . Um alright now <other> other things that I found out on  in my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now . 'Cause a lot of them take too much time to learn how to use , and that was thirty four percent but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting that frequently it's lost somewhere in the room . Um so those are two things that we definitely do wanna address , uh we wanna s make it as simple as possible , we wanna make it um obvious and intuitive to use , and then the things about finding it we talked about the  a light emitting thing as well as uh maybe a beep , and I think that those are things after my research that we definitely wanna try to incorporate . 'Kay can we go to the next slide please ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> Okay . 


A:  And uh who would be next , uh , I guess that would be you . Mm-hmm . You want me to get your slide show up ? Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah 'kay . Yeah yeah sure . Thank you . 
A:  And you are number three ? Number two . 
C:  Number two , yeah . Yeah exactly . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  Uh can you make it uh full screen please ? 
A:  Okay . Mm-hmm . Yep . 
C:  No , it's like a well you you have to press here . 
D:  <cough> 
C:  The cup cup shape here ? The thir third . 
A:  Yeah yeah , uh-huh . There , mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah exactly . 
C:  Um uh can you move onto the next slide . Um next sli slide please . Um I have referred the site uh the homepage of the um our website , uh from where I have uh uh I got s few points . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  That's it , that's it from me now . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  So it  um we should visit this site and have a look at uh what's up there ? Or  
C:  <other> Um . 
A:  Well , you don't have to . 
C:  Uh it's not like that , I have referred the page to get new ideas or like what can be the working design to how it works and all and so and so . 
D:  Okay . Okay . So it might be helpful if we had a look at that . 
C:  Yeah if you want . 
D:  Okay , thank you . 
C:  Yeah , it's okay . 
D:  Could you go back to that slide where she had that uh s slide up Betsy ? 
C:  Uh , it's actually there now , there on the screen . 
A:  This one ? 
D:  Yeah , okay , thank you . 


A:  And Francine ? 
B:  Participant two . 
A:  You are number two ? 
B:  Yes . No no , I'm three . 
A:  You're three . Would you want it full full screen ? Mm-hmm ? Okay . 
B:  I can make it full ? Yes yes yes . 


A:  Uh okay , now I have  On my slide show basically we already  we have already done the agenda , and uh on the closing uh basically there will be lunch break and all that . However uh the decision we have to take in this meeting is who is our target group . And uh what function , working design , how how does it work . So these are the two things we should come up wit with . So uh the first thing is pro maybe a little easier on uh who is our target group . 
B:  <other> Okay . 
A:  Um . I guess in many ways everybody . Everybody who has a T_V_ . 
C:  Mm , T_V_ , yeah . 
B:  T_V_ television we was . 
A:  Yeah , and I think today there are probably not many people who don't have a T_V_ . There are a few but in general not . 
C:  Don't T_V_ , yeah . 
A:  <other> Now , talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody , but I think within the target group we have subgroups . We have  we have earlier it was mentioned about um for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands , so I think that's uh one group that's certainly important . Um then we have just the nervous people who can never press a little button on anything um unless it's really very clear . And uh I don't know how much we want to cater to children's use . I mean that's a question um whether that's important that children can really use it or not . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Hmm . Yeah . Mm . 
A:  So this  these are just some thoughts I have on it , and um I dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we're gonna design this one thing <other> or whether we're looking at what we like we we talking about different shapes , whether that different shape also includes maybe different uh buttons uh for different groups . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  <other> 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Well you know there's the old motto , children under six never shop alone . So if you've designed something that's very attractive to children um the mummy please mummy please um you know we want it now we wanna go to the store and see it um that has uh a lot of marketing pull . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <other> That has a lot of  that has a lot of appeal but I think uh I'm I'm talking about the functionality now on it whether we're looking at different groups . I think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours . You know , like you make it nice and pink , fluorescent , banana colour or whatever <laugh> you know yeah , for example you know . But the question is really , who is our target group . 
C:  Mm . 
D:  Mm-hmm . That's right . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Different colours . Yes . 
D:  You can make a banana shaped one . <laugh> 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Mm . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  <other> Do we look at one target group ? <other> And with the twenty five Euros you know can we can we afford to have uh I'm asking the technical people here whether um to look at sort of subgroups with maybe different buttons for each group how much would that throw us out of the cost we are supposed to respect ? 
D:  Respect . Mm . 
B:  <other> Okay . No uh generally we can we can design a remote which is mainly for people with uh f age from ten to um forty and and then we can add on uh specific functional buttons for children as well as the elderly people or the people wit with who have nervous problems , yes . 
A:  Right . With with  Mm-hmm . 
C:  We can design different remotes for different people , like for aged people there will be big buttons and you know .  yeah . 
A:  Well that's that's  
B:  But in a family  in a family there will be a aged person , children and a middle aged but they cannot buy three different remotes . They would like to buy just one and um just one which can be used all the three uh  
C:  Children and everybody , yeah . Yeah of course that we can do , but specifically if y if like elderly people want big buttons then you can't really make a bi big remote controller so maybe specifically you can design a big con remote controller for elderly and for children , like in a different you know . 
D:  What about the electronics ? That's not really gonna change much , is it ? 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Cost effective . 
C:  No , it it doesn't cost , yeah . 
D:  That <other> that w that won't change much , will it uh ? 
A:  No <other> 
C:  Yeah . Doesn't doesn't doesn't matter . 
A:  <other> The the quest the question to be addressed here is only who is the target group and how will it function , and I think the how will it function is probably the question of the buttons you know , within the target group or subgroups . The question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense . I mean the basic design I understand will be the same , but the question is how much will that set us back if let's say <other> uh forty percent we make large buttons and the rest we make regular buttons for example . 
D:  I d I wouldn't think so . Mm-hmm . Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . <other> 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  So that remains to s to be seen but <other> uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a T_V_ . 
B:  But uh yeah I I have a doubt like will it be cost wise effective if we  if we design a remote having all the uh different features for different people or designing three different um remotes for three different categories of people . 
A:  Well I think  I think the idea here is to uh to to d design one remote and what the only change is gonna be um the funct d t yeah uh <other> the functional <other> functional cosmetics if you want to put it that way , um having maybe larger buttons or buttons that light up or buttons that are slightly differently shaped for people uh either for children um  
C:  Yeah , but uh  
D:  Well I think we can only aff  , yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Cosmetic . 
B:  Of th okay . Okay . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Five minutes that was I guess tha that's the old message . 
D:  Warning , finish meeting now . <laugh> 
A:  Finish meeting now . Um um . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but um  
C:  Yeah , maybe , yeah , yeah . If we do some more research , maybe we  . 
A:  But I think  I I think to sum it up the target group is basically everybody . If money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Okay , mm-hmm . 
C:  Hmm yeah , I think maybe seventy percent is a unique uh uh remote controller and thirty percent is yeah it's sort of like  yeah . 
D:  Okay but we have to l 
A:  Do we agree , do we ? Do we agree on on that in principle , like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not . 
C:  Yeah , yeah , of course , yeah . 
D:  Okay , fair enough . 
B:  Yes . 


A:  <other> Okay ? So now I understand it's lunch break . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  And um . So that's what we will do . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  So hank you very much . 
C:  Thank you . 
A:  And we'll see you after lunch . 


