E:  and , uh  
E:  OK . So , everything 's  
E:  Oh , the microphone adjustments , we should check  
E:  Would you check the microphone adjustments , please ? 
E:  Is  is M So , is  is Marisa 's close enough ? 
E:  We  could we look  
E:  But , I mean , also , to get the  do  you  you  what you said about  
E:  is i is it close  ? 
E:  OK . Alright . 
E:  But this w You know , he 's , like , the expert , 
E:  and I don't know exactly , uh  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  It 's interesting . 
E:  Hello ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Your voice is so  is so  i it 's like , s you can see across all the channels when you talk . 
E:  It 's great . 
E:  Thanks very much . Thanks very much . 
E:  Alright . 
E:  So . Uh , welcome back . 
E:  Thank you for coming . 
E:  Um , so , what I thought we 'd do today is pick up where we were last time 
E:  and maybe , uh , go over some  some ideas about , um , 
E:  well , i the  return to the conventions , 
E:  but I also wanted to , uh , <laugh> share with you a couple of the things that I 've picked up in terms of checking . 
E:  And these are  uh , th these are things that came up with the tra with the Tigerfish transcripts . 
E:  I 'm just doing this cuz I think it 's interesting . 
E:  OK . So , um , I have an example 
E:  which  
E:  um , <laugh> so there 're a couple of examples . 
E:  I have one in front of you which is the one where , 
E:  um , um , u 
E:  Leah  Leah noticed this one where I said something and , um , the transcriber interpreted it as " twosome gruesome , uh , different sizes different this " , 
E:  and , um , actually what I meant to say was um , " so you 're saying groups of different sizes , 
E:  different size groups ? " 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I I  
E:  It 's really enormously far away . 
E:  Now this  this could be one of those cases where the auditory was just really bad . 
E:  Maybe very  very soft . 
E:  Maybe with the microphone noise , 
E:  or something from someone else , 
E:  or an overlap , 
E:  or  
E:  but they 're not usually that bad , I  I don't think . 
E:  Then , um , I have a couple of others . 
E:  So , there 's one , um  
E:  So , the person said , " interesting idea " , 
E:  but Tigerfish thought it was , " uh , just an idea " . 
E:  Now that changes the meaning . 
E:  It 's interesting . 
E:  And then there are various ones like , um , <laugh> um , " ish decay " instead of " HTK " . 
E:  And now this one  
E:  " Ish decay " . 
E:  Now " ish " was in parentheses  
E:  Well they  they  they were suspicious that wasn't right , 
E:  but that was the closest they could come . 
E:  And , you know , with  when you 're dealing with acronyms , 
E:  that 's  that 's  that shows one of the problems with acronyms . 
E:  Is that it 's clear if you know it , 
E:  but  
E:  Always conceivable . 
E:  I don't remember off hand . 
E:  I did check the example . 
E:  And , um , 
E:  well , and this  this would be consistent . 
E:  So , uh , it was transcribed as " with H " , 
E:  but it was really " with age " . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  And , uh , then there are some where actually punctuation changes the meaning . 
E:  So , this is  the these are things that Barbara show uh , found . 
E:  " Spurts wouldn't be right " was what it looked like . 
E:  But , actually when you listen to it , it would be " Spurts wouldn't be . Right ? " 
E:  A 
E:  It is subtle . 
E:  And yet , you know , it 's like   And instead of  instead of " and it 's " they put " Annette 's " . 
E:  Now this  this is interesting 
E:  because it 's like , you know , we know that there 's no Annette on any of the meetings we 've ever dealt with , 
E:  but , um , it 's , you know , conceivable . 
E:  And then , 
E:  um , 
E:  let 's see . 
E:  There 's one other here I thought was interesting . 
E:  Well this was  
E:  OK , so it should have been " the quals w the  the quals slides will be fine " . 
E:  This is Jerry Feldman . 
E:  And , uh , instead it was transcribed with " the " and then an uncertain syllable " the  the " and then " all the slides will be fine " . 
E:  Which is interesting . 
E:  And  and , you know , this was a case where the timebin was off . 
E:  I wanted to bring an example where th 
E:  So " all the slides " it 's w started too late . 
E:  It 's another case of devoicing at the initial  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So , I thought that was very interesting . 
E:  And I think that it shows , um  these sorts of things , I was thinking it would be interesting to do an analysis of these things 
E:  because I think that , 
E:  um , 
E:  if  well first of all , there 's this overall point that it shows a degree to which , when you listen to speech , and when you 're just , in general , listening , probably , 
E:  but it shows espec specifically this  to this task , that it 's very constructive . 
E:  You 're not going on simply the auditory there 's a huge contribution from the top - down processing , 
E:  and the  you know , e different types . 
E:  You 've got the contextual information , 
E:  you have syntax , 
E:  you have your mastery of English , and these various things . 
E:  But I think these kinds of errors , it just shows the degree which it 's not strictly an acoustic task . 
E:  And the other thing I think that 's interesting is , the types of  the types of confusions that happen , um , do preserve certain aspects of the stimulus . 
E:  So , the stress tends to be preserved , 
E:  you know , the content word will be substituted for another content word , 
E:  and , um , 
E:  It 's  it 's not surprising that they would hear this . 
E:  I 'm o I 'm often surprised by how  how plausible something can be with  without it being correct . 
E:  Because it really seems like it 's  
E:  And then often , you know , i it 's , um , i there 's ex the parentheses are used , 
E:  so the person knew it wasn't really a perfect match . 
E:  But , uh . 
E:  OK . Now having said that I 'm  I 'm impressed by h how  by how , um  well , how infrequent these  these kinds of extreme cases are . 
E:  Most of the types of things that I find in checking are much  much more mild . 
E:  Yeah . So  so . 
E:  Do you wanna  
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  In a way  
E:  So , uh , let me be sure I understand . 
E:  So , you 're saying  <laugh> s 
E:  boy , it 's hard to ig uh , ignoi that  ignore that word . 
E:  Um , 
E:  So y the example is , " That would be hard "  
E:  " That 'd be a problem , " 
E:  " so . " 
E:  And how does it change the meaning ? 
E:  What 's  what are the two different meanings there ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Oh , I see what you 're saying ! 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  It 's  it 's interesting that there are so many cases . 
E:  And I agree . 
E:  I th I think those are very good conventions . 
E:  I also like w you know , this  this whole point about how  how that y th th the fact that you 're raising this , 
E:  I  li I like this example that , um , we have several things that are being cued by intonation , 
E:  because if  if that 's a f nice full falling intonational contour on " that 's a problem " , 
E:  " eh , that 'll be a problem " . 
E:  then I would think that there should be a period there . 
E:  And then especially if you 've got a pause following it , 
E:  but you don't always  y 
E:  these things are correlated but they 're not perfect . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  You mean non - native na Non - native speakers ? 
E:  Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . 
E:  Absolutely . Yeah , absolutely . 
E:  Ideally , wouldn't that be something . 
E:  I ideally it would be nice to have like a Spaniard t tran transcribing the  
E:  Oh , is that what you mean ? 
E:  Or  
E:  That 'd be nice . 
E:  I agree . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I  I  OK - So , in terms of like when you 're going through the Tigerfish transcripts , you don't find a lot of these kinds of extreme cases ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Good . Good to hear . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Good . 
E:  It 's  Could be . 
E:  Well , you know , there 's also this problem that they didn't have context to constrain the interpretation , 
E:  cuz  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Yeah , when I 'm clearing the par parentheses , I find that very useful . 
E:  I  I  sometimes I try to just go through and pick up the parentheses , 
E:  see if I can do it just by itself , 
E:  but it  it 's remarkable how sometimes something can be so totally opaque , 
E:  and then you go back to , you know , the person 's previous utterance 
E:  or you go to the mixed channel , 
E:  or you , uh , check on the other things 
E:  and suddenly it becomes perfectly clear . 
E:  It 's very  very surprising . 
E:  Very surprising . 
E:  Good . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Yeah , it 's really a an odd task in  in a way 
E:  because they 're  they have no clues at all about how dominant the speaker is on the channel they 're transcribing . 
E:  And the pre - segmenter doesn't give them any or the information eith either . 
E:  I 'm  I 'm sure that it 's because of the  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  That would make  that would make some sense . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Oh ! 
E:  I see . 
E:  So 
E:  Huh . 
E:  So  so this means that people with hearing problems would hear , uh , uh , one of these announcements better if it were a male voice then . 
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  Selective . 
E:  Is better ? 
E:  Ah , it 's a wider band then . 
E:  Because of  
E:  do you think it might be from the  
E:  She asked this question last time which was , um , whether our system here , the recording system , may have some of the same channel restr some sort of s channel restrictions , such as they ran across when they were looking at telephone , uh , transmissions at a certain point . 
E:  Cuz , you know , telephone transmissions , um , there 's some filtering going on . 
E:  You don't hear the full  the full band of frequencies . 
E:  And , w uh v I asked c a couple of people and they c answer came back that  
E:  It was intere an interesting  
E:  it 's reminded me because of the comment about noise , 
E:  noise being sp really spreading frequencies across , uh , using frequencies across a broader spectrum . 
E:  So in a way , bandwidth can increase with some of these cases of distortion that we have . 
E:  But it 's n it 's not a useful kind of increase <laugh> in frequency range . 
E:  Answer ? 
E:  That they  that they don't . 
E:  We don't have a reduction in that direction . 
E:  That , uh , I mean , you know , one could have if one had cheaper microphones than we have , 
E:  but we 've got good microphones 
E:  and another  there is sort of an upper limit set on our bandwidth by the sampling rate 
E:  but then that becomes  
E:  So Adam 's ans that  
E:  then it becomes a matter of , Is that something that would be relevant to perceptual range . 
E:  And , I didn't really have the sense that it would . 

E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Good . I  I  that was my impression also . 
E:  It wa so we don't have that kind of reduction like you have on telephones . 
E:  And actually in the work that they were doing with the telephone corpora , they did run into limitations 
E:  and  uh , certain types that they  when  what their speech recognition approach 
E:  is because of the  of the filtering . 
E:  I mean it does seem like when I hear these things , except for the distortion parts , 
E:  where the volume 's too high , or th of course when the volume 's too low , 
E:  but that 's a different problem , 
E:  um , except for those cases , it seems to me that it really is as if the person were speaking in my ear . 
E:  I don't feel that it 's being reduced in any way . 
E:  Yeah ? 
E:  And he was saying in the  in the , uh , areas where you have clipping , where it 's recorded too high , and  and it <laugh> starts to saturate and you have trouble , 
E:  um  I thought that was very interesting . 
E:  So bandwidth then gets  gets actually wider instead of narrower 
E:  because you have , 
E:  um  
E:  Uh - oh . 
E:  You have these  y y you still have  The frequencies are represented 
E:  but the energy distributions are thrown off , 
E:  and , um , in fact you have also some additional frequencies . 
E:  So you end up with a wider bandwidth functionally , 
E:  I mean  
E:  But not helpful for speech . 
E:  No , technically , the bandwidth is wider than  
E:  so it 's actually paradoxical in a way 
E:  cuz you usually think bandwidth  better bandwidth is better . 
E:  But in the cases of  of distortion than you can end up with , 
E:  uh , 
E:  a wider bandwidth which isn't useful in terms of understanding speech . 
E:  So . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  One source was , there was a problem with a connection 
E:  where the microphone went int went into a box  
E:  I was trying  trying to think of this as prior to  
E:  yes , it was prior to the wireless . 
E:  There was a particular connection which wasn't wireless , 
E:  which was , um , mechanically bad in some  some sense , 
E:  and if it got touched , it would s it would send an impulse , 
E:  i in al an uh  an irrelevant non - wanted <laugh> artifact . 
E:  I agree . Absolutely painful . 
E:  Exa - I agree . 
E:  And that 's  that 's th you know , I would watch the visual sis signal to avoid that . 
E:  It 's like  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Oh ! 
E:  Yeah . That 's really awful . 
E:  You 've noticed that those have gotten better over the intervening  ? 
E:  Good . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Yeah . Yeah , yeah . 
E:  I think so too . 
E:  Yeah , I  
E:  when I realized  
E:  yeah , when I realized , I  I meant to tell everyone to watch that visual signal 
E:  cuz that 's  that 's saved me a bunch of times . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  It might be useful to  to talk about the interface for  for a bit , 
E:  in terms of what it is that you like particularly , and what you don't , 
E:  and , uh , that kind of thing . 
E:  Ooh , interesting . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Interesting idea . 
E:  I 'll  I 'll s I 'll suggest that to the charer . 
E:  That 's  it 's good to be careful about the mousing . 
E:  You were gonna say ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  How do you mean " expand " ? 
E:  What do you mean by " expand " ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  OK . OK . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I vary . 
E:  I  I should  it depends on how much I wanna go back 
E:  and how certain the boundary is . 
E:  If I can see it  if it 's  if I can see this thing 's coming up and it 's just so clear , 
E:  it 's that mountain right there , I can tell , then  
E:  yeah , dragging is really f efficient . 
E:  But if it 's like a mess in there , then it helps me to be able to locate it with the actual clicking . 
E:  And then do this  what th you were just describing . 
E:  But , um  
E:  Oh that 's annoying ! 
E:  This  if I were to  
E:  if I were to add an option , it might be to have an undo for that . 
E:  Because I have had that happen . 
E:  Yeah , s Good . 
E:  Mmm . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  How do you get per I don't know the evil apostrophe . 
E:  Oh , oh ! 
E:  I see . 
E:  OK . So this is the difference between the PC keyboard and the SUN keyboard ? 
E:  So , like I only have one  I have one versus two of the others . 
E:  Is that right ? 
E:  So it 's  
E:  OK . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  There 's  
E:  Basmati ? 
E:  Amaretto ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  S so which t 
E:  I  I 've forgotten which one is which . 
E:  So , which one do you prefer ? 
E:  Is it  is it the  So , if we had a show of hands , how many people would vote for the SUN keyboard versus the  
E:  So let 's put it the other way . 
E:  How many people would not vote for the SUN keyboard ? 
E:  Would vote for the other one ? 
E:  The PC  PC keyboard ? 
E:  I don't know . 
E:  I don I 'm not sure . 
E:  It 's the  
E:  Uh - oh . 
E:  The Linguine is  OK . 
E:  You 're multi - keyb 
E:  OK , let 's do it that way . 
E:  So  so if we  if we have a map of the room , the one when you first walk in  
E:  the one on the left is that Basmati ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  And  
E:  And then the f the far right corner as you walk in ? 
E:  Yep . 
E:  U u 
E:  Good . 
E:  OK . 
E:  And the one close to you is Basmati . 
E:  OK . So now , ha ha who would 've  
E:  So , if you have a strong  
E:  Now you 're bi - keyboardal 
E:  so , 
E:  s but  
E:  but , um , 
E:  who  who would prefer the keyboard on Linguine ? 
E:  OK . We got two votes for Linguine . 
E:  And who would prefer Amaretto ? 
E:  Amaretto ? 
E:  So we got more  more multi - keyboardal people ? 
E:  Well , that 's lovely . 
E:  Same here ? 
E:  Excellent . 
E:  OK , so i 
E:  OK . 
E:  I pr I see . 
E:  I  I have experienced this keyboard conflict , 
E:  and f with me the things that are confusing are th where the control key is , 
E:  so I end up 
E:  pressing shifts and control keys whenever I want the other one , whiche whichever it is . 
E:  I could easily put a PC keyboard in there if anyone had  
E:  I  we already have one , 
E:  I could add ane another one  
E:  we  so , w you know , maybe  let me know if you want it  to have it shifted . 
E:  But , um , 
E:  OK . 
E:  That 's good . 
E:  Oh , let me see . 
E:  So , um , <laugh> I  I wanted to , um , m maybe comment a little more on the interface in terms of what aspects of it are helpful in this , 
E:  unique the shapes of some of these things are . I know we had this interface for a time when people were doing marking of the numbers , 
E:  and , um , um , 
E:  I 've forgotten  Someone said that they could recognize a seven when they saw it . They could see the  the waveform and  " Oh , it 's gonna be a seven . " 
E:  Becau 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Mm - hmm . It is different . 
E:  Well , it w it would  it had the benefit of it  
E:  So , this  this was to handle the digits , uh , only , 
E:  which is what you figure . 
E:  And , um , did you  I thought you might have done that , Joel . 
E:  Did you also ? 
E:  So , two people did that , i um , I thought . 
E:  Did you do it ? 
E:  I thought so . 
E:  Good , good . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Well , I think that we 'll bring it back . 

E:  The  th 
E:  Uh , Adam wrote this as  uh , using the same , uh , computer language as Channeltrans is written in , 
E:  and what it would do is present you with the digit string that the person was supposed to have said , 
E:  and then you would listen to it , 
E:  and everyth the j 
E:  there were two parts to the task , 
E:  one of them was to see if that 's what they actually said , 
E:  and to indicate , you know , in the  i transcribe errors of it . 
E:  And then the other aspect was to tighten the timebins . 
E:  And those data were actually used in some analyses which showed uh , very  very good results . 
E:  And so it shows , 
E:  I mean  it 's  it 's useful . 
E:  This is  this is why we do these digits . 
E:  It 's a nice standard task , 
E:  and you have lots of different voices , 
E:  and it 's very clear . 
E:  You know what the canani canonical answer is when a person says a number , 
E:  um , at least most of the time , you know what number it was they said . 
E:  So its 
E:  " ground truth " , as they call it , is very clear . 
E:  So . 
E:  But i  it was , um , really rather minimal . 
E:  I mean , I  I like that interface . 
E:  Very efficient , 
E:  and really is , um  I th think that we 'll probably use it for getting the digits refined in terms of their timebins . 
E:  Excellent . 
E:  Oh , that 's right ! 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  I also think that  wasn't this a stage where some of these meetings hadn't been transcribed , 
E:  so I don't think you could use a string search , right ? 
E:  I mean , I was trying to remember how that worked . 
E:  But it was difficult finding them for some reason . 
E:  Well , y it was also , like you  
E:  That 's a down side . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Actually , you  you also did a different type of transcription i uh , with res respect to , um , our sister project , 
E:  the SmartKom project , 
E:  which involved listening to people who were supposed to be wandering through Germany , 
E:  and this is s supposed to be something that would be useful in developing an interface to help them find their way . 
E:  So , um  someone else did that too , 
E:  I 've forgotten who  who else did that ? 
E:  Did anybody else here do that ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Actually , I think you might have done this also , as I think about it . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Mm - hmm . So actually we started with the words 
E:  and it was a matter then of trying to find the most efficient way to match the words up with the s with the actual sounds . 
E:  Cuz they were reading from a script . 
E:  And then there was some conversation in addition , that  that , um , needed to be transcribed . 
E:  But , um , 
E:  yeah . 
E:  One thing that you learn with this interface right away is that if you have really , really , really long utterances , it 's extremely inefficient to do anything . 
E:  Because you end up  p p p 
E:  if you try to n go up in the transcript , you end up with this huge  huge space of time 
E:  and things covering several screens 
E:  and it 's just horribly i inefficient , 
E:  so . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Oh yes . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I 've noticed that . 
E:  I think that 's totally dependent w on how you have the resolution set . 
E:  So that little tiny thing . 
E:  And if I increase the resolution so it 's spread out a bit more , then I seem to have more control over it . 
E:  But , I don't have  
E:  Yes . 
E:  I 'm gonna report that to him , 
E:  cuz I  I 've  I know  
E:  that 's one of the reasons why , when I uh  suggested to visual scan the record , that I suggested doing it by clicking on the right of the  of that navigation bar you 're mentioning . 
E:  Or , actually , clicking on the right of the sound wave and then letting it run past the boundary , 
E:  because I had the same problem . 
E:  It 's  
E:  cuz you always know  
E:  Yes . 
E:  Yeah , much more  
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Cuz you end up missing entire frames . 
E:  Ye - I was surprised by that . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yes , OK . OK . 
E:  So , on the  on that  on that bar you were describing . Clicking  
E:  OK . 
E:  So , is this the arrow on the right , 
E:  it would be underneath that little resolution bar ? 
E:  I mean , it 's like in that u cluster up there ? 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I have to do something visually . 
E:  So , my  I would say you have  the transcript screen , 
E:  and then you have a bar . 
E:  I think you 're referring to this bar , aren't you ? 
E:  And then there 's like this little resolution changer . 
E:  And then down here you have the soundwave , 
E:  and then something down here , 
E:  and then you got the cha the different channels come out . 
E:  So r right in here you have this bar that you move and as y as you go along it  
E:  OK , so , is  Are you saying  
E:  you saying that there 's an arrow right here ? 
E:  OK . And then there 's an arrow right here ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  So you can @ @  
E:  Oh . That 's interesting . 
E:  I haven't paid attention to the numbers . 
E:  I sort of like  visually , i 
E:  it helps me to have it be separated enough that I could find a new breaking point if I needed it . 
E:  Expanded ? 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Well , we 're coming kind of close to the end of our time here . 
E:  Um , I did ask about dessert 
E:  and they told me it was ice cream 
E:  and it doesn't save well , 
E:  so . <laugh> I mean  
E:  That 's right . 
E:  Yeah , there 's some  Those are  those are nice . 
E:  But I did  I was thinking i you know , it is interesting to me to think about how each  each of us have sampled different meetings , 
E:  and yet , i i it 's intriguing to me to think that if I were to describe someone 's characteristics in terms of their speech patterns , I bet you , we would all agree on who it  who it was . 
E:  You know . 
E:  I think that 's so interesting . 
E:  Yeah , it 's  it 's a statement of speaker style , of course , 
E:  but . 
E:  Do you have any favorite parts of these meetings ? 
E:  Things that you  
E:  I mean , we di we talked briefly about this last time . 
E:  Is this  do you think this is usually toward the end of the meeting , 
E:  or does it vary ? 
E:  Cuz it could  
E:  The  the person  
E:  OK . 
E:  Do you have a favorite group that you  that you like ? 
E:  I don't  I don't wanna cause any partisanship here , 
E:  but  
E:  A  a fav a favorite t type of meeting that you like , 
E:  or , um  or  
E:  It  whichever . 
E:  I that way 
E:  or  or a nature of a meeting , 
E:  or  
E:  OK . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  Those are th E - would these be the EDU meetings ? 
E:  That 's what I think . 
E:  Is that true ? 
E:  Oh , really ? OK . 
E:  Oh , 
E:  I I 'm  really ? 
E:  Oh , I 'm glad . 
E:  Oh , Johno does a lot of that . 
E:  It would be a kick  Yeah , in a  uh , in a good - natured way @ @ . 
E:  It would be really fun to have a collage of all these things , like , " Well , the transcribers  " 
E:  so , " Rer - rer - rer - rer " 
E:  and then s be some horrible thing , " The transcriber 's gonna have trouble with this . @ @ " 
E:  Did you hear the meeting where the guy was doing , um , clicks like from African languages ? 
E:  Wasn't that a kick ? 
E:  That was really a kick . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  I was . Exactly . 
E:  Exactly so . 
E:  Exactly . 
E:  Exactly ! 
E:  Have  have you noticed that sometimes you have these a  a g g greater frequency of speech errors , I think , during times of inter of overlap 
E:  which  which is  you can just tell a person 's m monitoring at two levels 
E:  and it 's  it 's difficult . 
E:  Oh , thank you ! 
E:  Thank you . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Let 's see . Have you noti th one of the things that I found is  is , um , surprisingly difficult these days is to co is to get certain electronic sounds , to try and describe them . 
E:  Have  I was thinking about that the other day , 
E:  it was like  it 's like , 
E:  y y you know , 
E:  someone in one of these EDU meetings , they have a laptop 
E:  and they hit the thing 
E:  and the  and there 's an error screen that comes up 
E:  and it has this " doink "  kind of sound . 
E:  And it  
E:  What is that ? 
E:  It 's not a beep . 
E:  It 's not a bell . 
E:  It 's not s it 's not a " dong " . 
E:  It 's not a  
E:  I mean , you  there 're all these words that I could imagine 
E:  and  so , it 's like , it 's a " tinny kind of electronic sound that comes up when you make an error with your laptop " . 
E:  And that 's  <laugh> that 's not really very helpful . 
E:  Oh . <laugh> You mean the voice quality ? 
E:  The  the shift in  
E:  Oh , that thing . 
E:  Oh th 
E:  Yeah . Well and then , you know , there are these other things that I think are really interesting , 
E:  like the vocal changes in character . 
E:  People shifting into a  kind of a comic voice , 
E:  or sort of a mock - this or mock - that , 
E:  you know , the sighing 
E:  and the , " Oh no ! " 
E:  You know , it 's  it 's , uh , i There are lot 's of nuances which we  uh , which we use very often . 
E:  Comic words and things like that . 
E:  And  
E:  Yeah ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  " Eech - eech " ,  or something . 
E:  " Whee - whee " . 
E:  s s 
E:  Yes . It was one of these  it was this kind of deal . 
E:  Yes . Oh , yes . 
E:  And he got to transcribe this meeting . 
E:  And there was all this meta stuff about  
E:  Cuz I was giving a report on what the comments were , 
E:  and it was  one of these was this , 
E:  s so  
E:  " Whee - whee " .  is what he said . 
E:  And he was going like this at the time . 
E:  Yes , that 's right . 
E:  Let 's just  
E:  Oh man . 
E:  You did an excellen excellent job . 
E:  That was really  it was like m transcription , a meta - transcription and meta meta meta . 
E:  It 's really @ @ . 
E:  You know , I 'm really interested in this topic . 
E:  Would it be a problem if we continued a little bit longer on this ? 
E:  Or do you need to g do people need to leave . 
E:  I don't wanna keep you longer than  
E:  Are we OK ? 
E:  Oh , OK . We won't be that long , I don't think . 
E:  But  but I really appreciate it . 
E:  This is just really i it 's so interesting to me , the  the specific experiences of  of having encountered these data in this way . 
E:  Does , um  Did anybody else wanna say anything about  
E:  Yes . 
E:  Oh my gosh . 
E:  Well , it is  There 's another case where I ran across like o of that type , 
E:  um , i when I was sitting here and we were doing  
E:  This was like o one of the first meetings I ever participated in 
E:  and  and Dan was adjusting something here 
E:  and Adam was in the next room , 
E:  and , um , <laugh> Adam says , " So I 'll come in here and check the levels , " 
E:  and  and he says something 
E:  and Dan says , " No " . 
E:  And it sounds like he 's saying " no " to Adam , 
E:  and it was w if  if  if so , this would have been extremely rude . 
E:  But - but the thing  and  and the reason that it would be rude is because you don't have this information from hearing all these equalized volume channels , 
E:  you don't know that they 're not participating in the same conversation at all . 
E:  It really is strange . 
E:  I it lead us  it ta if we w 
E:  It is true that this is kind of an artificial 
E:  and i um , 
E:  discourse c aspect , 
E:  the mixed channel is artificial 
E:  because we 're boosting it in order to make everything audible . 
E:  But  
E:  You mean when you leave here ? 
E:  When you 're somewhere else ? 
E:  No , no . OK . 
E:  How about these meetings when  where there are like eight speakers i in one meeting . 
E:  Are those  What are those like ? 
E:  Are  
E:  OK . 
E:  I had that same reaction . 
E:  Absolutely . And sometimes these are meetings I participated in . 
E:  It 's - it 's like  
E:  That 's righ that 's right . 
E:  Never changes . 
E:  I 'm gonna check out outside to make sure that we 're OK with the , um 
E:  Is it OK if we stay for another half hour in this room ? 
E:  Good , thanks . 
E:  That raises a question . 
E:  Um , do you think that , um , you would have been considerably helped if we had had video tapes of these things ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Mmm , well , mm - hmm , mm - hmm that 's right , 
E:  cuz you 're involved in gesture research . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mmm - hmm . 
E:  Oh , interesting . 
E:  Huh . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  That 's  
E:  I know someone who actually recognizes perfumes in the elevator . 
E:  I mean , there 's a  there 's a blind man in this  in this building , 
E:  and  and , um , Lila was in the elevator one day . 
E:  And they hadn't spoken yet 
E:  cuz he just came on the elevator 
E:  and he says  
E:  uh , and then she  then she said something 
E:  and he says , " Y you sp you 've changed your perfume . " 
E:  Yeah , it 's pretty interesting . Pretty interesting . 
E:  Yes , she had . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  It 's very interesting . 
E:  Have you  
E:  I  I 've learned several things about having been Wi - i with the close - talking mikes . 
E:  This is  this is a new experience . 
E:  Cuz I have of course been involved in  in this kind of thing for quite a while , 
E:  but th there are several things I didn't realize you could hear so reliably , 
E:  and  some of these are the things like when the mouth opens 
E:  and the inbreath and stuff 
E:  and it  and how extremely audible and  and visual , 
E:  I mean , you can see these  the inbreaths and things . 
E:  It 's  that was really surprising to me , that you  it 's that tangible . 
E:  I guess it 's also one of these things that u usually is not meaningful , 
E:  so we sort of screen it out . 
E:  u all these different in 
E:  cuz , you know , I mean , we do that all the time with all other  well , lots of other aspects of the acoustic signal . 
E:  It sounds like it 's a nice smooth melody , 
E:  but <laugh> these things are voicing and unvoicing , are tripping in and out , 
E:  and they don't  The contour is really not nearly that neat . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Yeah . Yeah , absolutely . Absolutely . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  Mm - hmm . The  I agree . 
E:  Another thing that I think is interesting in these meetings is , certain speakers have a tendency to embed utterances in other embed uh , in other utterances . 
E:  And , um , you know , it 's very clear when you see it  when you hear it with the intonational markers , 
E:  but  well , just the contours , 
E:  but the words on the page , it 's not at all clear . 
E:  And there are a couple people who do this in particular . 
E:  I  I would say that it 's both  I would say that both Jerry and Morgan do this . 
E:  And  it 's amazing how fluent it is  when you hear it , 
E:  but how very complicated it is when you see the words . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So , and then of course there are these  these things which I think are also nicely represented in the data 
E:  which are these funny sounds people make , 
E:  which to some degree is borrowing from comic talk . 
E:  So , I notice people going , " Pfft "  you know , if they 're trying to say something is done . 
E:  The Germans do this I think in particular . 
E:  And there are others that we use like that th 
E:  which are sort of semi - conventionalized , 
E:  but you wouldn't think that you would write them down . 
E:  Oh yes ! Good example . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  This cou Is this the one that  
E:  I mean , it could be the one that we were thinking about . 
E:  Yes . Uh - huh . 
E:  It would be  it would  
E:  Oh , how interesting . 
E:  I 'll ask you who this is later . 
E:  I don't wanna <laugh> cuz 
E:  OK . 
E:  The  the one that I 'm thinking of , 
E:  i it 's a matter of you can tell it 's in context where he 's looking in his agenda to see , you know , " Do I have time to do this ? " 
E:  and he 's calculating it in his mind . 
E:  So it 's sort of li almost like a stand - in for calculator , kind of thing . 
E:  And i uh , but it 's signaling . 
E:  I 'm sure that everybody  I 'm sure that other people can hear it . 
E:  So it 's sort of like , " Wait a minute , I 'm thinking . " 
E:  But it 's not lexicalized . 
E:  This is not a  
E:  i not in a standard way , 
E:  it 's  
E:  OK . OK . OK . 
E:  He must do this in a lot of meetings 
E:  because I think  you know , I 've run across it several times . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Heard that one . 
E:  Oh , I see . 
E:  Oh yes . 
E:  Yeah , OK . Now what I would say  um , 
E:  it 's good to know this . 
E:  C what I  what I would say is , um , if it 's communicative s beyond just the p mouth opening and the w oh , you know , the mechanical aspects that happen when you happen to be about to speak , then I would like to have it  if it 's communicative , I 'd like to have it preserved . 
E:  a But if it 's just this mechanical stuff , " mouth " is fine . 
E:  The  It seems like the computer science people use " lipsmack " for that . 
E:  I  Personally , my choice  
E:  eh , w we 've  we 're still deciding on how we 're gonna encode it in the final version . 
E:  But I tend to not like " lipsmack " 
E:  because I think that that 's  could be meaningful 
E:  and it 's a little confusing . 
E:  People talk about , you know , " Oh gee , that was really good , " 
E:  and then they do a  
E:  I 'm not gonna do it 
E:  cuz I don't really know how to do lipsmack . 
E:  But  but it seems like it would be a  a vocal gesture , 
E:  a definite type of thing . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Same here . Yeah . 
E:  I would too . 
E:  I would say " tongue click " for that . 
E:  But I would also probably put in parentheses it  that I thought it was a vocal gesture . 
E:  Because I think it 's communicative of a certain thing . 
E:  Oh . Good point . Yes . 
E:  Really good point . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I would too . 
E:  I think it 's more emphatic . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  But it  th it 's true that th segments are different too . 
E:  Well , now , y This is a good question . 
E:  I guess I would say th you know , sometimes we 've seen " hmph " in literature meaning in 
E:  but it 's a s a sigh  a si uh , sorry . A sound of indignation . 
E:  So , if it 's meant as a sound of indignation then I think that would be how I would capture it , with the HMPH thing . 
E:  a sort of like a sup uh , an  uh , an elevated " hmm " ? 
E:  It 's like a m sort of more surprise , or engagement ? 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  And then there 's the other kind which sounds similar , 
E:  but it 's really part of a laugh . 
E:  So , " Hmm - hmm - hmm - hmm - hmm " . 
E:  Which is  I would just say " laugh " for that . 
E:  Good . 
E:  Well done . Well done . 
E:  I 've run across that also . 
E:  And  
E:  Right . 
E:  Change it to " laugh " . 
E:  Well done . 
E:  I ran across a couple " ho " 's occ 
E:  I 've seen " ho " 's 
E:  and  
E:  and " heh " . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , that 's right . 
E:  W we  

E:  Yes . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Well i 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Yeah ? Yeah , yeah , yeah ? 
E:  Uh - huh . Yeah , yeah . 
E:  I agree with you . 
E:  That 's  that 's what I prefer . 
E:  Good . Well done . 
E:  Well done . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  That 's good . That 's good . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  That 's good . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  And  
E:  I agree with you . 
E:  And  and I think that 's important 
E:  because we 're capturing then the communicative level . 
E:  And it 's likely that it has a different contour than most breaths as well . 
E:  Because it 's sort of expulsive and  and , uh , that kind of thing . 
E:  Ex - exactly . Exactly . 
E:  Well done . 
E:  Yes they do . 
E:  Yeah , the shyer ones sometimes will laugh i with the breath - laugh . 
E:  And you can see it . 
E:  You can see the little  little peaks , which is interesting . 
E:  But yes . Yeah , exactly . 
E:  I wouldn't , uh  i That 's a case whe you know , I know generally with the Tigerfish things that they put " breath " and we leave it in . 
E:  But absolutely there , yeah . 
E:  " Laugh " , change it . 
E:  And , you know , there are other places where it 's in the way , you know . 
E:  I  I mainly said not to change their " breath " 's simply because it would take time to move them if  
E:  and if they 're not in the way then don't  don't mess with it , 
E:  but  
E:  Oh yes ! 
E:  Great . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  One wonders what it might be  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , there are some where  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Well , see , I  I do a previous filtering before I give the Tigerfish ones out , 
E:  and  and I u I have tried to get the  that particular the  the " missing segment " removed . 
E:  But I don't always do it . 
E:  So yeah , you 've s they slip through . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  OK , well , let 's see , 
E:  so , um , do you think that this has changed your speech  n in other ways , 
E:  in terms of  
E:  Myself , I do feel that I 'm  
E:  when I spend a lot of hours doing this I become less fluent . 
E:  I have more false starts and things . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I don't know if it 's  It could just be because there 're so many more hours I haven't been talking . 
E:  Good . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  Oh ! Huh ! 
E:  Hmm ! 
E:  Hmm ! 
E:  So mainly for clarity , it sounds like , like in phrasing or strategies . 
E:  Oh ! 
E:  Oh . 
E:  I guess it depends partly on the type of interruption . 
E:  I mean , if it 's a clarifying type like  " well do you mean  ? " when they 're partway through it in a utterance . 
E:  Uh - huh . I think this is really  
E:  yeah . 
E:  I agree . 
E:  I did  I did do one analysis wh where I looked at one meeting , 
E:  and , um  
E:  th cuz the claim had been , 
E:  actually o one of the people in the meeting had made the claim in the previous meeting that , " Well , there  probably the overlaps only occur during setup and , um , you know , at the end when we 're leaving . " 
E:  Exactly . Exactly . 
E:  Well , and , you know , I think that that 's sort of the feeling you would get if  unless you looked at the data at this level . 
E:  And so I did an analysis 
E:  and in fact it was really a pretty constant rate 
E:  all the way through the entire meeting 
E:  and everyone was involved . 
E:  Wasn't just one , you know , or two speakers . 
E:  Everyone was  
E:  Yeah . It 's quite true . 
E:  That 's true . 
E:  I should say , I didn't distinguish between overlaps and  and interruptions . 
E:  So some of these were backchannels and things like that . 
E:  But it 's still  It 's still the case . 
E:  You have  
E:  y you  

E:  That 's true . That 's very true . 
E:  It 's true . That 's very rare . 
E:  I agree . 
E:  Interesting observation . 
E:  Yeah . Well , if they 're i c if  this has raised a couple of things for me that I wanted to mention 
E:  because , you know , at this point , we 're at the  at the really fine grain level of  of standardization which I hadn't really thought of specifying in advance before , 
E:  and , um , wanted to maybe just mention a couple of things . 
E:  These are , 
E:  um  
E:  Yeah , I don't think that these are very common . 
E:  But with the idea that  what we 're trying to do is encode the communicative stuff , 
E:  um , when we have these grey areas , 
E:  um , w um , 
E:  I wanted to draw attention to the fact that there are sometimes these stretches where a person is trying to say something and formulating their thought , and they 're coming out with a bunch of segments , which really aren't part of a word . 
E:  Have you run across that where they 're  they 're saying 
E:  and then they say a word . 
E:  And , my feeling on that is , that this isn't really a phonological transcript , 
E:  and potentially those things could probably be rendered , 
E:  although some of them are not even full segments , 
E:  they 're even sub s subsegmental , I would say . 
E:  I mean , you got a  a single flap of a vocal cord sometimes , 
E:  and , you know , they 're th it 's like the  the apparatus is sort of almost kicking in , 
E:  they 're almost gonna say 
E:  but it hasn't  somehow this  somehow this vibration hit before the rest of it 
E:  and  and that 's not communicative . 
E:  So , um , my  my the way I do those things when I hear those , if  is to  I use in parentheses one " X " <laugh> so it 's marked . 
E:  Or if it 's @ @  then I   then I put six or seven or however many it is  
E:  Great . 
E:  And then  and then what I do is I put in , um , brackets , um , uncodeable  Sorry , " Uncodeable vocal sounds " . 
E:  And of course , potentially they 're codable , 
E:  but i I just wanted to mark roughly how man how long it is , 
E:  then indicate what  what the nature of it is , so no one 's gonna try and go back and  and decode it as something that 's pechen a a word that was not  It has a different status than parenthesized , uh , parts when there are words involved , 
E:  just to set it aside , 
E:  have some sort of a length indication , 
E:  and sometimes I 'll even put them in a  in a separate bin , 
E:  although that 's  that 's not necessary . 
E:  It 's just sometimes it works out that way that they @ @ , 
E:  they do this thing . 
E:  I shouldn't do that so often . 
E:  I 'm sorry about that . 
E:  They do this sound , 
E:  and then there 's a pause , 
E:  and then they start speaking , 
E:  so then it 's really obvious , I can  I can split it apart and it won't be any problem . 
E:  I wanted to mention that one , 
E:  yeah . 
E:  Well  
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Excellent . 
E:  Oh , I see . 
E:  I see . 
E:  OK . 
E:  That 's OK . 
E:  It 's alright . 
E:  No problem . 
E:  No , no , no . 
E:  This is not  
E:  I wouldn't give it a second thought . 
E:  You sh 
E:  Yeah  
E:  Well , y you 've heard  have you heard " shoot " ? 
E:  I 've heard " shoot " a couple of times . 
E:  No , no , no , no , no , no , 
E:  the 
E:  " shoot " type , yeah . 
E:  Yeah ? 
E:  Oh . 
E:  I do remember that . Yeah . 
E:  That 's right . That 's right . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Uh - huh , yeah . 
E:  Yeah , it was . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  B but y t finish your point . 
E:  So , y 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I agree . And I think there 's another problem too , 
E:  and that is that we do have some short words which are communicative . 
E:  And  and sometimes  
E:  So , if you have an " ER " as part of one of these fragments , we do have a lexicalized " er " 
E:  which is a  which is a  a filler item . 
E:  Does have a meaning . 
E:  So I think for both of the reasons it 's good to just leave it in this category of not really communicating in a  in a word - like way . 
E:  I would keep " er " . 
E:  Well , " E "  " er "  " er " if it 's a filler . 
E:  So , " I mean , er , " 
E:  th that  that  that stays . 
E:  But if it 's p uh , part on these little fragments , no . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  I 'm making a distinction . 
E:  So you have the , um , comic " er " where the person says something and then they pretend that they didn't wanna say that , 
E:  and then they throw in an " er " . 
E:  m and that would be an " er " . 
E:  ER . 
E:  But if they 're saying " or " in a reduced way so it comes out as " er " , do it as " or " . 
E:  Cuz that 's  that falls within the realm of pronunciation variants . 
E:  It 's just like different ways of saying " and " . 
E:  OK . 
E:  And I have like , uh , uh , two more things I wanted to say . 
E:  One of them is , um  
E:  Oh , yeah . 
E:  This is an interesting category to me , 
E:  and I don't , um , y y don't have to mark this systematically . 
E:  But when you 're going through the meeting , and what I 'd like people to do if  if you 're not  uh , uh  is to go through the meeting , 
E:  um  
E:  So , if you 're doing  you 're doing separate channels first and then as a final pass through the mixed channel , 
E:  I don't think I 've made that explicit 
E:  but it w it 's really helpful to go through it a  a final time though the mixed channel so that you hear things in context . 
E:  And at that point what I sometimes pick up is this meta - level , where someone is  finishes someone 's  someone else 's utterance . 
E:  So you 'll suddenly have this stranded word out in the middle of nowhere , and it 's because 
E:  this other speaker on this other channel was trying to formulate this thought , and they paused , 
E:  and they paused just enough that this person leaped in and gave them a word . 
E:  And I think those are interesting , 
E:  so when I find that I  I note  note it as , you know , finishing  
E:  put capital letters . 
E:  Capital letter , capital letter , colon , apostrophe " S " , utterance . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So , if <clears throat>  so in the examp i in the instance in which  
E:  Let 's say that , um , Morgan 's talking , 
E:  uh , so , <tapping sounds, writing on whiteboard> he 's talking . 
E:  And then somewhere there 's a bit of a pause , 
E:  and let 's say Adam fills in a word for him . 
E:  Then what I do is , on Adam 's channel , I say  I say , " Completing  " And this  this isn't that common of an occurrence .  " Completing speaker initial with a colon apostrophe " S " 's utterance " . 
E:  And what that means is at the time when we  
E:  See we 're gonna go to a stage of anonymization . 
E:  So it 's important to have the colon here 
E:  because that 'll make it possible to easily know , you know , who it was without having to do the math involved in figuring out which channel it was . 
E:  The problem with  
E:  I originally wanted to use channel numbers as the referent index , 
E:  but that  that 's not functional 
E:  because we have these two different numbering schemes . 
E:  You have the numbering in the Channeltrans interface and you have the numbering in the " key " file 
E:  and those can be very different . 
E:  So , you know , to be able to , 
E:  uh  Th - this is redundant in a useful way in that you know that you 're not gonna make a mistake . 
E:  I tried to do it with the numbers 
E:  and I was making all sorts of inconsistent problems , so I stopped it . 
E:  That 's  that 's  I did that partly to keep track of things . 
E:  Absolutely . 
E:  Absolutely . 
E:  Somet 
E:  The initials ? 
E:  I 'm glad to hear that . 
E:  I st I didn't do that systematically until , uh , really rather recently , 
E:  so . I I 'm glad to know that 's useful . 
E:  It s takes an extra step . 
E:  Glad it 's useful . 
E:  OK , now I just have one more thing to say 
E:  and that is that , 
E:  um , um , 
E:  like once  this is just such a rea 
E:  I 'm getting down to like the really eensy - weensy stuff . 
E:  But , um , once <laugh> I found a comment that , uh , in in curly brackets about mumbling . 
E:  And , um , 
E:  i g 
E:  that 's  that 's  this is just to mention an instance that happened once , 
E:  it 's really grasping for details . 
E:  But , um , 
E:  I  I  f I think , and it may be that it was not from anybody here , 
E:  so . 
E:  But I think that , um , " mumble " is only useful in the s to me , in the sense of " whispered " , 
E:  if it 's like a manner of speaking , in which case it 's a " QUAL " . 
E:  But not in terms of replacing , like , this string of undecipherable fragments . 
E:  So , 
E:  um , this  this was u when it was used  
E:  exactly . 
E:  It was used in place of , uh , something that was in unintelligible . 
E:  In which case , it would be better to use parentheses and  and either exclamation ,  or the number of syllables , if you know . 
E:  Exactly . If it 's a manner of speaking , then it 's useful . 
E:  And otherwise the parentheses with an estimate of syllables is better . 
E:  OK . 
E:  So , I guess , you know , I don't wanna keep you . 
E:  I kept you so long . 
E:  I really appreciate this . 
E:  Yes ? 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Oh . Yes . 
E:  Oh , but  
E:  Good question . 
E:  And you don't have to add any of those tags . 
E:  The only tags that you need to add , is  
E:  So  th uh , there 's like one exception that 's just microscopic , 
E:  and that is , sometimes  
E:  this is again really rare , 
E:  sometimes I 've run across the word " noise " . 
E:  And offhand , I don't know if that 's a vocal noise or non - vocal noise . 
E:  And so then I listen to it and I figure it out . 
E:  But that 's the only place you would use a " vocal "  " non - vocal " tag , 
E:  where it 's potentially ambiguous between those two categories . 
E:  Cuz otherwise , what I do when I get these , is  
E:  and of course I do my checks , 
E:  and then I have a , um  a script that I wrote which will separate everything in  out that has curly brackets , 
E:  do a listing of them , 
E:  and then anything  
E:  Some of them already have tags from some previous , uh , modification , 
E:  but anything that doesn't , I just go through this list , and I  I k tag it right then . 
E:  And so , in one  in one  in one change , I can modify , you know , five hundred instances of this . 
E:  So there 's no need to add the " vocal " or the " non - vocal " . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  You can either  if you mark it " mike noise " then I 'll know what kind of noise it is when I go through the thing and put VOC or NVC on the  in the substitution file . 
E:  But it 's  it 's uh , very efficient for me to add those tags later . 
E:  It 's really not  The same thing with the " QUAL " . 
E:  Just so long as I can tell which of those three categories it is . 
E:  Or  or " pron " , 
E:  but , you know , those  that 's really very obvious , 
E:  the pronunciation . 
E:  So long as I can tell what they are . 
E:  I think it 's good for you to add the " pron " . 
E:  I would appreciate the " pron " ,  come to think of it . 
E:  But the other three  i just so long as it 's clear to me , w you know , from the comment which of those three it is , then I 'm fine . 
E:  That 's great . 
E:  Alright , so , um , I guess , um , 
E:  Oh , thank you , 
E:  do we have time ? 
E:  Would you mind ? 
E:  Can we do digits ? 
E:  OK , so why don't  
E:  do you wanna do it , uh , in unison this time ? 
E:  Oh we did ! 
E:  Oh ! 
E:  Do it separately , then . OK . 
E:  Good deal . 
E:  That is really what that time field is . 
E:  I used to think it was the beginning of the meeting , 
E:  but yes . 
E:  Quite right . Quite right . 
E:  That 'd be good . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  OK . So , who wants to start ? 
E:  Well , I guess I 'll start . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Transc - And the time is  OK . Um , 
E:  O eight .  OK , I wanted to make one comment and that is , some of these are like two digits 
E:  and just be sure you say both digits separately . 
E:  So , one eight instead of eighteen . 
E:  OK . 
E:  OK . 
E:  OK . Wonderful . 
E:  Thank you very , very much . 
E:  I really appreciate this . 
E:  And , um , so now we get to turn the microphones off , 
E:  and , uh  
