A:  Prototype presentation , well first 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design.

B:  <other> Basically in   what we discussed , cover and buttons will be made of rubber , yellow colour , black components , 
B:  We chose a different type of colour for the menu . A bit darker yellow 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The rubber case is yellow with black buttons and dark yellow for the menus.

B:  We chose the buttons to be uh teletext , okay button , favourite channel and the mute . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: There are buttons for teletext, favourite channel, mute and OK.

A:   You have pushbuttons and an L_C_D_ display . 
A:  we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor . The sample sensor and uh  for speak recognition anyway . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: It incorporates both LCD screen and speech recognition.

A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The prototype proved over budget (17 euros).

None

abst_sum - abstract: The main contributing factors were the LCD and speech recognition.

A:  think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition . 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The latter was taken out, along with the special colour.

A:  I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time . 
A:  There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them . 
descriptions: Assess Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: Everyone agreed that the financial information should not have been given to them at the last moment.

D:  let's eval evaluate uh the product of us , our design . 
D:  I uh will pre present uh some statements 
D:  and we will decided together wha what  if it's true or false 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad).

D:  So so the buttons , the look and feel . 
A:  One and a half . <laugh> 
D:  And the next one <other> uh  yeah , when it's lost uh you can find it . 
A:  so I think it  that's  that deserves a one . Definitely . 
D:  And the next one . 
C:  Manual . 
D:  A three . 
A:  So I might make this a two instead of a one , I guess . 
A:  You can use the L_C_D_ in a good way . 
A:  I mean the shape is trendy . 
B:  Maybe we should go with a two then , 
A:  mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition . 
A:  'Cause yeah , that gives you a seven , 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Be-Positive Inform Assess Offer Inform Inform Assess Elicit-Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The criteria used were look and feel (1), whether it is easy to find (1), whether it is easy to learn (2), use of LCD (3), speech recognition (7), trendiness (2).

A:  For example , I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created . 
A:  I think we did pretty well as team-work though . 
A:  Because , yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime , 
B:  Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher , 
C:  So we cannot work on more than one page at same time . That's not possible . 
descriptions: Inform Assess Inform Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (satisfactory), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard could be improved in terms of response time, the digital pens could not be used on more than one page at the same time).

B:  Triple R_ it is . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, the decided to call their design Triple-R.

A:  have to write my report now , I guess . 
descriptions: Offer 
abst_sum - action: The PM is going to finish the project report.

A:  Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report ? 
B:  Yeah , sure . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess 
abst_sum - action: The UI and ID will send him their design to include.

A:  think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition . 
A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 
descriptions: Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Because the prototype was over budget, the team decided to take out the speech recognition from the design.

A:  I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect 
B:  Yeah . I would say  I would agree with you on the colour , 
A:  we're final on that . 
descriptions: Suggest Assess Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: They also discarded the special colour, and decided to rely on the changeable covers for an attractive look.

B:  Triple R_ it is . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote control is going to be called Triple-R.

A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - problems: The production cost was 17 euros, 4.5 more than the budget.

A:  What do we scrap . 
descriptions: Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion 
abst_sum - problems: It was imperative that some of the features had to be taken out.

A:  so I had to take out the special colour I suppose . 
A:  and if you want it  if you want the custom design , then you can buy the separate covers . 
B:  I think the colour is more important than the really the curve , 
A:  but the example is because we do offer the um <other> the possibility of adding your own custom covers . 
A:  I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: There was disagreement over whether the special colour should be scrapped and the look to rely on the separate covers.

A:  we could take out the curve . 
C:  Can we then not also uh change the material ? 
C:  We take plastic for the basic cover 
A:  I say lose the curve . Oh that's true , 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Assessment Suggest Comment-About-Understanding 
abst_sum - problems: Other solutions, like abandoning the curve of the casing or replace the rubber with plastic were also suggested.

B:  So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen ? 
A:  uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half , 
D:  so why why uh <other> do we have to keep us uh uh um on the twelve and a half ? 
A:  and we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: They were also not allowed to raise the budget limit.

D:  What are we uh displaying on the L_C_D_ screen ? 
C:  Things like brightness and uh those kind of things we've put in the menu , 
A:  I thought that people wanted previews on their  
A:  I don't think it's possible really . 
A:  uh with configuring your remote control for favourite  your favourite channel for example , how do you configure that . 
A:  So that could be done by L_C_D_ display . 
A:  I do admit that we d <other> did miss a little  or didn't sp didn't talk   talk enough about the possibility of the L_C_D_ display . 
A:    like I said , <other> changing channels , everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display , so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: The precise use of the LCD was not defined: it could be used for TV configuration, or, if possible, for displaying the TV programme and previews.

A:  I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool . 
B:  Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher , 
descriptions: Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: Although the SMARTboard was useful to draw ideas quickly , it could be improved in terms of response time.

C:  So we cannot work on more than one page at same time . That's not possible . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - problems: Similarly, the digital pens did not allow the user to work on more than one page at a time.

A:  Because , yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - problems: The team were unable to communicate amongst themselves in between meetings, which hindered the flow of information.

