D:  Bonjour . 
B:  It's  It won't wake up . Yeah . I was a bit early . Like  
D:  Why ? 
B:  What ? No , I just came in . Uh normally I was one of them . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Come on . 
D:  Check check check check . 
A:  Hello . Oop . 
B:  Why won't it wake up ? Is it on ? 
D:  The power light doesn't work . You turned it off . 
B:  But how ? Ah , there it is . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Uh . 
C:  I received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials . So I'll discuss them with you . Yeah . 
A:  Okay , we're just going to the  later . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Yeah , I received an email as well . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  So we're going to talk about the conceptual model . 
D:  <other> Oh . 
A:   
D:  Hmm . 
B:  Which one was mine ? 
A:  So that's me . Uh okay . So  Uh okay . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , so I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute .  What's it called , I dunno . Whatever . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  The minutes . 
A:  Okay , so we just talked about uh  Oh you want me to show that there or  
D:  Uh  
B:  No , just tell us . 
C:  Mm no . 
A:  Okay , we just talked about it looks . Has to look nice . Usability is very important . People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones . Um  It has to be very basic , not too many buttons . Light switches on if you use a button . Uh text T_V_ still has to be a possibility . And it has to be easy to learn . That were the things I uh make minutes of . And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . That right ? 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yes . 
A:  Okay . 
topic_description:	opening_None


A:  So I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh presentation of your  
D:  Shall I start ? 
A:  Yeah . 
D:   <singing> No . Okay well  I received an email  Okay . I searched the web , uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in uh another country in Europe , I forget it . 
A:  But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . So it has to be <laugh> flexible . 
B:  Yeah , but  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . Yeah , it's something that uh it stand there . But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . So spongy means y Yeah . 
C:  It's like a sponge . 
B:  Soft , sponge . 
D:  So it's also a stress-ball . 
A:  That's a good  That's a good idea . If it's de like that . That's good , a good idea . Is it a bit like like the the the the  remote control ? 
C:  Yeah , somewhat like  
B:  Yeah , but  Yeah . How are you gonna make it ? 
A:  R_ soft . 
D:  Uh  
C:  Yeah , I've some uh material uh information , but I'll give you it later in my presentation . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Okay ? 
A:  <cough> 
D:  What do I think ? Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , I think about changeable fronts . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . Because it's uh it's hot . And uh some basic uh colour fronts . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <other> Uh so we can make uh five different fronts to start with or something . Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . <other> Uh or uh , yeah , just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . Just uh something round in it , or uh maybe not uh not uh  Yeah , I dun dunno . We have to discuss about that . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh y yeah . Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . Yeah , how do we do that ? Maybe speech ? We ma must have some kind of gadget . 
B:  Yeah , I'll get back on that . 
D:  So  
C:  Hmm . 
topic_description:	marketing expert presentation_None


D:  Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . So it's very important for us to create something new . So what Michael just said , it must be uh some very different from ordinary uh remote controls . Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . Uh it came out of the research . It uh is twice important as the following . <other> The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative . Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . And then uh that uh  This is a point of discussion , because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition . 
B:  Hmm . 
D:  But um <other> this is the second uh important uh aspect , and I think uh we must use some of the new technology , to be uh innovative . 
A:  But we already have the flashing flashing light on the  
D:  <other> Uh maybe maybe something new . We have to discuss about it s uh  Okay , uh  features not uh do not exist in current remote controls . And that's very hard I think . 
B:  Yeah , more . 
C:  Hmm . 
B:  Well , I'll I'll get back on it . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . But uh that was an overall uh point . We already discussed that . Um I've got one picture . Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  So I took uh that part of the webpage . And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari <other> uh France and uh Italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends . This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . But it's about uh clothes and shoes . But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . But spongy , what what does spongy says ? Spongy . 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  Spongy . 
C:  Spongy . 
B:  Spongy , like sponge . 
D:  Okay . <laugh> 
C:  So rubber , kind of . 
B:  Uh soft materials . 
C:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	user requirements_None


A:  <other> It's very uh difficult to to to do it . Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control . 
D:  Intro Yeah . Yeah , that's the problem . That's the main problem . 
B:  Well , I got f also an email from 
D:  So  
B:  the the technology department . 
D:  Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations . 
B:  They have done uh research about it , and uh even more possibilities now with speech . So they recommended using it . Well  
A:  Okay . 
D:  Okay . Uh let's first watch Paul's presentation first then . 
C:  Hmm . 
B:  I'll check what they exact mean . So uh  
C:  Yeah , well actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement . 
B:  Yeah , th that's the only problem . I d They don't say how much it will cost , so  Um but uh if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well . 
D:   Oh . It's mass production . So you can say , you can   
B:  Since you have to uh configure speech thing . 
A:  But that's definitely more expensive than  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , that's that's something I dunno . 
D:  Yeah . But how uh we we're gonna make many of those . So we can start a mass production , and then the cost will still will be  . 
A:  Yeah , but a telephone   Okay , yeah . But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . So uh  
B:  Yeah , so uh we gotta de We have to decide on that . 
D:  Yeah . Okay . That was this ? 
B:  Mm uh  
C:  Oh I got an email uh  And it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . And  Um  They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . And this is more expensive than all the other chips . So it's m the most expensive . 
B:  L_D_C_ doesn't require  
C:  Yeah , it says in the email . The display requires an advanced chip . 
B:  Okay . And speech recognition ? 
C:  Yeah , probably too . I I haven't got anything about speech recognition , but  
B:  Advanced  . Yeah . I'll I'll give you my design . 
C:  Well it d That's that's the most expensive chip , we need . If we're doing uh if we're doing a display . 
B:  Yeah okay . 
topic_description:	project budget_None


B:  So we  <other> Well we can  I had uh to make a sort of a design . So I did some searching on the internet . I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls . 
topic_description:	interface specialist presentation_None


B:  I think we should um  This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones . More modern . Y yes . 
A:  Yeah , just modern modern but still uh basic . 
B:  Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 'Cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out  both sides . And here you just have one , few buttons . So that's that's the main difference . But looks uh I definitely think we should go like this . And then changeable fonts , so  
C:  Hmm . 
B:  It's the most important part , I think . But  And the home base is something like that , something simple . Well and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . Uh basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , I dunno . Text buttons . 
A:  Yeah , maybe the teletext tel 
B:  Yeah , text button , maybe there and there . And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . I don't find it very usable , but it's  Uh I don't think it's fits in the the modern theme as well . 
D:  No , I don't uh  I don't like it . 
A:  No . 
C:  Hmm . 
B:  So  and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And uh f above ten . <other> And I think  
C:  But it  That's on on the display . 
B:  No no . That th there is no display there . But it's on the place of the display . And I think we should uh light this up much more than that part . So the focus is on these two parts . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  So you don't see all the buttons you else need . 
A:  <cough> But it sounds very difficult to use . Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . So you can't use your thumb for it . 
B:  Uh well um  This is how it is now . Um  Here uh  Well we have volume . 
C:  I think it is on uh on the bottom too . 
A:  Yeah , down there . But it's not not the best best . 
B:  Yeah . Well here we have also side scrolls . I dunno if we can use that . Do we want to use  
C:  Yeah , okay . Yeah , I've I've got something of that uh too . 
A:  Yeah , for volume . For volume , or a channel . Yeah , why not . 
B:  For volume ? Well then we can even simplify it more . 
C:  Scroll . 
B:  By just putting the volume on the side . And and just channel buttons here . 
A:  And the channels as well . Oh yeah . 
C:  Yeah , or uh maybe uh  The channel buttons are often used . And you can't use them now with your thumb , because the thing is not , it's not easy to control . 
B:  But I think uh  Well . Yeah , well it's  Basically it's it's here . 
C:  Yeah okay , m maybe we cho should put that on top , and buttons we we don't use on , in the bottom . 
A:  Yeah , that's better . 
B:  They're on top ? 
A:  Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom . 
C:  Because uh you can't hold it . You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons . 
B:  You mean uh these to the low ? 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . Except from the on-off button . 
B:  Oh okay . Well , yeah . 
C:  But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . So maybe we can put that on the bottom . 
B:  Mm  Maybe . I dunno , but yeah we'll  
C:  Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time . 
B:  Yeah , maybe it's not easy if it's below . It's harder to zap . So I think uh it should be should be easy to  . I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top . 
C:  Yeah okay . That's that's good , but  
B:  And uh if you don't light 'em up , they don't uh <other> you don't see 'em very good . <other> I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . So the focus gets on these parts and not on there . 
C:  Yeah okay . 
B:  But uh the position of course can be different . It's s We have to look uh what's easy to use , and how it's easier to use . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  So we can uh switch these to  I dunno if it l will look good , if you put those on t on the bottom half . 
C:  Hmm . No , I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . But uh we we can switch those two , yeah . 
B:  Okay . Yeah , maybe  <other> Those two , yeah . And uh , yeah , you have to make sure it's easy to uh  Yes , it has to be big enough so you can hold it , right .  
D:  Okay . 
B:  Well that's that's my findings . So uh my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . And uh well um if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we  I don't think we should put it on top then . I think that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  To use  
A:  Yeah . Yeah , that's cool . 
B:  So if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . Which won't look good on the front side I think . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  No . 
B:  So that's something we have to decide on . 
C:  Yeah , we have to keep it simple . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  We have to decide this this lecture , or this this this uh fifty minutes , yeah , how it is gonna look . 
B:  What we're gonna do . Okay . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Okay , the component design . I looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge . 
topic_description:	industrial designer presentation_None


C:  So uh this was on the web site . If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So flashy kinda colours . Uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not  Nothing square-like . 
A:  Okay , so  Hmm , okay . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah well uh iPod is trendy . And it is well curved  square . 
C:  <other> Yeah . 
D:  Square . Like . 
C:  Yeah , but mm is uh has round corners I think . So we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing . 
B:  Okay . So not  <other> Yeah okay . Not uh the old uh box look . 
C:  Yeah . And um sports and gaming device style characteristics . I don't know exactly what that means , but it should be , well yeah , popular kind of 
D:  Mm . 
C:  looking , I think . 
A:  Yeah , we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the <laugh> remote control . So the colours also . So we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Mm  <other> Yeah , it's  
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Black yellow control . <laugh> 
A:  Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black . 
C:  Yeah , mm n Not that weird , because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public . 
B:  Yeah , but uh <laugh> I don't think the the colours black and yellow go well together . But  
C:  No , okay . That's a that's a sen 
A:  We make i Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front . 
C:  That's just a matter of tastes , but  
B:  Yeah , okay . 
C:  We have to use uh kind of flashy colours , I think . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So  
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , it's cool . Yep . And still trans 
C:  Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue and  
B:  Yes . So  
D:  Oh yeah . 
A:  Still still transparent . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Yeah . But with all with logo on it . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  Well this is a remote control , a very old one . Um  <other> Then the components . The case has just a  Here's black . But we are making it uh  
A:  Yeah , we make it som Maybe we have to make it from soft material . Uh I'm not sure . 
C:  Yeah , I dunno . 
B:   Yeah . 
C:  Maybe . But anyways uh it should be transparent . We decided that , huh ? S 
B:  Well one of the options . You can  Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . So you can just replace them I think . 
C:  Okay . Yeah , we could do that . 
B:  That was the idea , or just uh release one . 
A:  Yeah . Just give five with them , just in a box . <laugh> Five different  
B:  Yeah , uh  Or just uh sell different ones . 
C:  Yeah , but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . So you can still th look through it . 
A:  Yeah . Cool . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft . 
B:  Yeah , I uh I dunno . A more  
A:  Yeah . It it could be like a Nokia , like  plastic . That's better prob Yeah . 
D:  <other> Uh uh  
B:  Yeah , just uh  
C:  With the hard hard buttons . 
B:  I think uh rubber really has an odd look . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah . The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the <other> uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  It it's one uh a one uh out of one shape . Uh it's n doesn't  Is <other> uh a button uh um  <other> How do you say it ? It it didn't it i it don't come out of the <other> on the background . It is in uh the c a remote control uh  
C:  Yeah , it's it's all on one level . Yeah , on one level . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , I know what you mean . So we have to keep it on the one level . Like th the top it's  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , like mobile phones . Like uh the iPod . Uh just  
C:  Yeah , okay . Okay , it's chos So that should be hard plastic . Then the buttons ? 
A:  Yeah , that's cool . 
C:  I think . Or maybe  
B:  <other> I dunno what uh kind of material it is . But  
C:  Yeah . 
A:  But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . Just only the basic uh 
B:  Oops . 
A:  basic remote control from normal plastic , and 
D:  <other> 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  the rounds of it from softer s 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  And um  <other> Then the L_E_D_ . <other> The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . And back light L_E_D_s . So  But I think we have to make the case transparent , otherwise the back light won't work . So if you put  
A:  I dunno . Y 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Cool . Yeah . Y i if you  The numbers could be can be  Yeah , that's right . 
B:  Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh  Yeah . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Or it runs the whole  
C:  Yeah , but we can still make it transparent . So  Or no 
A:  They can choose . 
B:  Yeah , you can halfs transparent , or just that it's comes out a bit . 
C:  Yeah okay . Good . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


C:  And in green colour , the back lights or  
B:  Different , I think , also . 
C:  Yeah ? 
A:  Blue . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Blue or red . Whatever you want it , I think . Uh depends on the colour of the  
D:   Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , but you can't choo You can't choose it when you buy it . You have to choose  
D:  Uh i  <other> 
B:  Yeah , that's true . But  
C:  No , but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . So  
A:  Is it  Okay . 
D:  Yeah , but can you change it if you already bought the the remote control ? You  
C:  I I know  I dunno . Is <other>  
B:  Yeah , it can . 'Cause this a mo mib uh mobile phone as well . 
A:  Yeah , okay . 
C:  Maybe it's it's more impor more expensive . I think it's  
A:  Maybe put some different ones in it . Doesn't matter . It's just  No , just some LED . 
B:  I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone . And I can change the colour of it . 
A:  Okay , cool . Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something . 
C:  Yeah , I dunno . Maybe it's too expensive , but it  I th I don't think so . 
B:  Well , we don't put put in any fancier technology yet . So  
D:  Hmm . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Then uh some more technical things . 
A:  <cough> 
C:  I don't know what it is , but it should be there <laugh> I think . Um this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in in a lot of uh things . W <other> So we d we just need this and <laugh> this transistors and resonators . There's all these kind of things . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Yeah , we have to hurry up a bit , so  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls . So I guess we j we just need that . I don't know what they do or  
B:  I'm sure we can fit in . 
D:   
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Okay yeah , you can you can change  Yeah . No . 
B:  Yeah okay . We just  
C:  Nah , but they just said we need it . Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in . 
A:  Okay . Yeah , a recharger maybe . 
B:  Yeah , we have to make sure to uh  
C:  Yeah okay . Yeah but  
A:  We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? Is that still the  
B:  Yes . Yes . 
C:  Yeah , but it i We don't wanna have a ar an  How do you call it ? Accu . 
A:  A recha Oh no . Uh  Battery . It's just a battery . Yeah . 
B:  Re recharger . Base station . 
C:  Y uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . 
B:  Yeah , batteries . Yes , rechargeable batteries , I think's best . 
C:  Okay . Not a separate  Okay . And uh a chip , that's this one . 
A:  No , just rechargeable batteries . 
C:  Then uh I received some possibilities . Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh  Like with the pulse watch . So it operates on your wrist kinda . 
A:   
D:  Ah cool . Okay . 
B:  So if you hold it , it gets powered . 
C:  If you hold it . 
A:  But normally you put a remote control on the table or on the couch . 
C:  Yeah , I don't think it will work , and  Or we can also use solar cells . But you mostly use it indoors , so  
A:  It's dark in the room . No . It's just batteries , that's cheaper  . 
B:   
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , and and we can use the home station kind of thing . Um cases , flat , so uncurved . Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back . And three D_ curved is also in depth . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  So that's possible . Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . So we can't use the flat buttons . 
B:  Mm . So we need uh two D_ . 
C:  Yeah , I think . 
A:  Yeah . Definitely . 
C:  Um these kinda materials can be used . 
A:  But it doesn't really matter , we just make it plastic . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , I think so too . 
A:  The scroll wheels , that's cool . That's for the volume . 
C:  Yeah , scroll wheels um  
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , that's good . We can use multiple scroll wheels , w if we want to . But I think just the volume is enough . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:   Uh  For channels it's not handy , because you scroll too fast . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  And uh the L_C_D_ . So we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ . 
D:  Mm  
A:  I don't think that's an opportunity . Just skip it . Because we don't have time for that to to put it in . 
C:  Okay , then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip . Because we use scroll wheels . 
A:  Yeah , okay . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  And um  Yeah , that was it I guess . Uh are are we using a a rubber case , or  We haven't decided yet . 
A:  Okay . Oh just sk Maybe you have to skip that one as well . It's  
B:  Uh I don't think a rubber case looks  
D:  Uh but we have to do something about the trend . The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . And uh now we have nothing about uh about those those two . 
C:  L Yeah , i it it should be soft . You said so ? 
B:  Yeah , okay . That  Uh fruit and veg , or  Yeah , fruit and veg can be just the covers . 
D:  Uh yeah i Just  Just on front . 
B:  So you can  the the spongy  yeah , I dunno . I can't imagine a soft remote control . 
A:  No . 
D:  Neith uh I don't like it uh neither . 
A:  No .  <laugh> 
B:  I just can't imagine it . 
C:  <laugh> So just hard plastic ? Okay . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I think . Titanium . It's mentioned here uh . 
C:  Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive . 
A:  But maybe the form has to be a bit different . Not the sh the square form . Just a bit 
C:  Yeah , you can make it curved or mm round . But just in two D_ , not in depth . 
A:  more rounded . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , that's right . 
B:  Okay . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


topic_description:	discussion_None


A:  So  We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . Because we have to know it . So the energy uh is the recharger . We already know that . Just a normal battery . Okay . The chip-on-print is a normal one . 
B:   Yeah . We have batteries . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Regular . 
A:  Okay , the case is just a plastic one . 
C:  Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . You have the simple one , regular and advanced . So it's b should be regular uh the second . 
A:  Yeah , re Yeah , regular . Yeah , okay . Yeah , regular . Okay . 
C:  I think I'll just check it . 
A:  And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .  
B:  Yes . 
A:  That's pretty much it . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  User interface concept . 
A:  And a flashy light . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


A:  So uh I'm not sure . But we do I don't know if we expected to draw on this one at this moment . But  
B:  I dunno either . 
C:  Mm . Or should we do it in the next meeting ? 
B:  Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . 
A:  Yeah . That's for the next one . That's for th 
C:  So we should did it here ? 
B:  So we're staying here ? 
C:  Or should we do it in the next meeting ? 
A:  Uh that  I think that's the next next meeting . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  But you definitely get a specific instruction . <laugh> 
B:  Okay , so now we're ka thirty minutes alone again ? 
C:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  But th think about something that's more rounded . Just  And more  
B:  Yeah , uh I dunno . But the iPod and etcetera , M_P_ three players , mobile phones . 
A:  It has to be  Uh a bit . Just just on the top or on the bottom . 
B:  Just a bit cur Okay , I'll see if I can see any of those . 
A:  Maybe the wheel can be uh like uh like this . O um if you draw it like this , you get a  What the fuck is it ? <laugh> Okay . Mm  Doesn't work . <laugh> You see what I mean ? If I draw here  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> What ? 
A:  It draws about four centimetres lower than  <laugh> Nah okay . Just  . 
C:  Oh . Okay . 
A:  Maybe you can make it like this . And this is all the wheel for volume . So that you just um  It's all rounded , so you can do uh turn this one . Yeah , but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it . 
C:  Like a very big scroll-wheel . <other> Okay . 
A:  Maybe , I dunno . 
C:  Hmm . 
A:  Okay , so we <other> have this at the moment . 
C:  I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted . 
B:  Yeah , you   Yeah . 
A:  Okay , so we'd have this . Is that okay ? 
C:  Yeah . I think it's probably better . Yeah , but maybe we can make a a plastic , so that you i if you like drop it , it won't change the volume . Only if you use your finger . 
B:  Yeah , that's a little problem , of course , as well . 
A:  And  
B:  Yeah , maybe you just have to make it uh  That's not scrollable too easy . 
A:  Like this . And uh what's the channel choose ? Where do we uh put that ? 
C:  I think in middle . 
A:  Still on the bottom or  
B:  Uh wh what is the middle part ? 
A:  That's the numbers . 
C:  Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . 
B:  Numbers , okay . Yeah , I agree as well . Use the dz 
A:  It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . Because you already have the volume here , so  You can also put it here one butt and the other one there . Next to each other .  back and forth . So you can also can put it all on the top , and this , you keep this empty . Because you have to hold it as well . 
B:  Yeah , that's right . 
C:  Or you could do the switch channel up button above the the numbers and switch channel down button below . 
A:  But that's not  want to zap very quick , so  
B:  Yeah , I think uh zapping is the highest priority . And then you use those uh  
C:  Yeah , okay . 
A:  Yeah ? Is this a opportunity , or you don't want a different  
B:  Yeah , of course uh . 
C:  Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , so  
A:  Why ? 
C:  Because then it's it's easy to know m if I push the the the up  
A:  But still the next  It's still the next one . Doesn't make  
C:  Yeah , but the top the top button is is like you switch channel up , and down button is  <other> If you put them  
A:  Yeah , but fo from left to right is exactly the same . It ma it doesn't make a big difference . 
B:  Yeah . I I think it's  
C:  But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . 
B:  It's it's obvious , I think . 
D:  Yeah , that's not not  It's not al uh always the same . Every remote control's uh different . 
A:  But it's exactly th 
C:  In uh  On most on most remote controls . So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time . 
B:  Yeah , I think  
A:  I dunno . I  You already have the volume on the side , so you can't make it you can't ma make a mistake . So it's uh  
B:  No , uh I think  Yeah . I think it's s so simple you just  
C:  I dunno . Okay . 
A:  So but that's for that's for you , 'cause it's  
B:  Yeah , okay I'll d I'll take a look at it . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , so hmm . What did  What else we have to discuss about ? I dunno . 
B:  Think we need to work uh thirty minutes again ? 
D:  Yeah , we have to care that it r uh looks really new . Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control . 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside . 
A:  Yeah . And the LED . 
B:  No , you have uh  It is  Uh the current uh controllers are all black and plastic . You have to look at that image of the iPod . 
C:  Yeah , but i i it should be round in in shape . So  
D:  Yes . Okay . 
B:  More that uh kind of style . 
D:  And a bit uh  
B:  Not not the old grey black  
A:  Uh  Yeah . 
D:  Some some kind of bling bling uh mm can we have  
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Where you can put a ve Uh we have  If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo . 
A:  Yeah . Uh the logo was has to be on there . Yeah , that's right . 
D:  Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? Uh five or something ? Or more or  
A:  Yeah , five . Let's give five . 
B:   Maybe you can buy separate ones and uh  
D:  And um uh <other> uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . Or you can choose one uh if you buy the project . 
B:  Yeah . Um I think  Yeah . 
C:  No , tha that will be  
B:  That's your choice , I think huh . 
A:  So y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? Is that is that a good good opportunity ? So you could put it like that , okay . 
B:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah , so top down . Hmm ? 
D:  Yeah , you sl uh you let it slide in the docking station . 
C:  Do we have to design that w as well ? 
D:  Yeah . <other> 
A:  Uh I'm not sure . 
C:  The docking station ? 
B:  Yeah , I think so . 
C:  Hmm . 
D:  Yeah , we can b 
B:  But th Yeah , that can be very simple . Least . 
D:  It c it could be just just a square , just a packet . 
C:  Yeah , just a recharger . 
B:  Yeah , just where you're around something . Li Yeah , we had one example . 
C:  But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well . 
B:  Mm . Mm . 
D:  Yeah , but that's a round one . Maybe we can choose then . 
B:  Which w Here you see one that's very round . 
C:  Oh yeah , okay . 
B:  So I think that can be all kind of shapes . 
A:  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . 
C:  Of the remote control ? 
A:  That's all . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah  Yeah . 
A:  Just round it up  . 
B:  Yeah , so y you don't want uh this uh like the iPod  . But  
A:  No . Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  More rounded . Yeah , I think it will just look like more like this one . Since it's  This is also rounded . I think i 
A:  No , just just the corners . 
D:   
B:  Yeah okay , tho those are al already a bit cornered . Mm   
A:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah , but we can we can do all kinds of uh  As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes . 
A:  Shapes . 
B:  Yeah okay , but then we have to think of something totally new . 
C:  Not in depth . Yeah , but <other>  Yeah , if if we want to make it kind of , yeah , new . 
B:  I've uh  I had a lot of picture of old ones . And all curves have already been done . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  It's a bit annoying , isn't it ? 
D:  Yeah . What do we do wrong ? Hmm . Just just more like this and not uh a square . Okay . 
B:  Yeah okay , yeah well  
C:  Yeah , but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . I would do it  
B:  Yeah . I know we can do a lot more , but  
D:  Yeah , it  
A:  <laugh> 
C:  Like in this kind of shape or  
D:  Uh it's very annoying . Okay . 
C:  I dunno . I dunno if it's handy . 
B:   I think it will only look more like the old remote controls . 
D:  Uh  
C:  This ? The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah okay . But uh I had a lot of pictures  Oh I can show you here <other> what the old ones look like . 
C:  Mm . 
B:  Curves , curves . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  You've more  there as well . 
C:  Yeah , okay . 
B:  It wasn't very small one . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:   very simple . That is for elderly . 
A:  So we have to make a decision , what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have . 
C:  Yeah , I don't know . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . So uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . No rubber buttons or something . Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player . 
C:  <other> Yeah . 
A:  And you have the scroll button inside .  Okay . But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? Of  Skip that one as well . 
B:  Yes . Just a simple scrollb 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Doesn't have to be . 
A:  Okay . Yeah , it's cool . 
C:  Yeah , though that's a trend . If we want to make it . But yeah , I'm not a Trendwatcher , you are . <laugh> So  
D:  <other> Uh the t the trend is 
A:  Rubber spongy . 
D:  spongy and fruity . But yeah . 
C:  <other> <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . No . Spongy and  
C:  Spongeball kinda . 
D:  It's not not a lot of trends I uh I found uh  
A:  Okay , so we have s still one minute left . So just  I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . 
D:  Uh  
B:  Mm . 
C:  Okay . Yeah , I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff . 
D:  It  The th th 
A:  No . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  But I I think it's still for older people . You j still have older people . It's only annoying if it if it's like that f formed like that , like f Whatever . Just you have a normal  
D:  There is one  
C:  Yeah , but we're we're aiming at a young public . 
D:  There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original , and I hope we can uh make it look not like the iPod itself . It must have uh uh uh a very different  
B:  Yeah ,  idea . But <other> you're  If you look at the way remote controls are now  
D:  Yeah , they're all the same . 
B:  And if you make it look like the iPod  
A:  But i it is it is it is already fancy . Because of the lights on the bottom of it . That's already fancy . Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction . 
B:  Yeah okay . So that's already a very big change compared to  
C:  Hmm . 
B:  Ye yeah . Well uh  
C:  Yeah , we could do that . 
B:  Could . 
D:  Uh yeah , but uh if you the f uh front , the scroll wheel will still uh be yellow . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  No , I think  Oh . 
A:  It's right . 
B:  Think the scroll wheel <other> won't be very big . Since if you put it uh somewhere , the chances that it will scroll are too big . So it will just be a small 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  small scroll wheel . So it won't uh stick out much . 
A:  Yeah . Maybe the ones we are going to draw there . Maybe we have to ask uh to the the mm to her if it has <laugh> if it can work better than this . Because it doesn't work properly . 
D:  No . 
A:  So maybe you have to ask her . 
B:  Yeah okay . Well , maybe we can just open images there , and I'll paint and paint . 
A:  Okay . Yeah . That's probably  
B:  I'll be able to do a better job . 
D:  If you set the pen yeah , he will draw here . Doesn't work . 
A:  <laugh> Okay , so just finish it . So we make it a bit like m that one probably . 
D:  Yeah , I'll see it . 
A:  Yeah . Is that okay ? 
B:  Bu Yeah , I agree more like iPod  . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yes . Just 
A:  Okay , only the colour and the flashy light and the  
topic_description:	look and usability_None


A:  We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . 
B:  a  Speech . Yeah , do we s keep that ? Yeah , I think  
A:  Or keep that ? It's okay . But you'd definitely need a 
C:  S <other> Uh yeah , I don't know . Yeah , I think so . And we we have to build in a microphone and  
B:  Well uh then it w <other> 
A:  advanced chip . 
D:  Uh  
B:  Well that's very easy . We already have uh the beeping of the  home station , so  
C:  Yeah , and I do I don't know anything about that . I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , so  
D:  No . 
B:  Uh strange that I received <laugh> the information about that . 
D:  Oh that's hard . But  
A:  So  
D:  Uh the ma the main points I I I uh just said . We have to be original and uh technological innovative . Becau Yeah . But  
A:  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , okay ? 
D:  <other> Ma 
B:  So shall we  it open then ? So we can put all the  
A:  Yeah . The function of that in there . Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  And we need a  Probably we need a uh advanced chip then . 
C:  Fine . Yeah , we probably do . 
A:  But it doesn't say anything about it , does it ? 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  No . 
B:  Oh yeah , I  
D:  But we don't have any f information about the cost . 
B:  No . 
D:  We started with information about the cost was now th 
B:  I just I just received the  
C:  Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  And how much is the chip ? The the the  
C:  I don't know how much , but  
B:  Yeah , our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . This is a very small electronic unit , will give a standard answer after it recognise a question . 
C:  Just in inexpensive or  
D:  And how how does it work ? Is it  
B:  Doesn't say . Just  You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample . Because uh  So it works like uh good morning remote control , and then the remote control says good morning . 
A:  It doesn't has to say anything . Just  You have to just talk to  
D:  No . Does it say does it say something back ? 
B:  Yeah uh th that's just  It's a  No . Yeah , it  Well that's integrated in the chip , so if you use the speech recognition , that's in it . 
A:  Okay , we have to stop it now . So just  Okay , that's a r That's that's a advanced  
C:  But i it's a separate chip . 
B:  I dunno , but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah , I don't know anything about this , but  Nah . 
D:  Um  
A:  Yeah , we just decide not to put it in , because it's too difficult . 
C:  I dunno . <laugh> 
B:  Well it it would be would be a good feature feature . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . No 
A:  Okay , we just put it in , because it's a good feature . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


A:  We have to stop now . Okay , just  We have to stop it now . 
B:  no worries about the cost , etcetera . And there's a chip in it that will  Okay . 
D:  Fine . 
topic_description:	closing_None


