A:  welcome everyone to our next meeting . 

A:  but um I've prepared a little presentation once again um or at least an agenda 

A:  Um today we once again have uh three presentations , if I'm right , 

A:  Um once again I will try to uh write some minutes 

A:  I'd say let's start with the first presentation . 

C:  Components design , 

C:  first of all I've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um <other> you know from what uh the remote control's formed . 

C:  the case was is made from rubber , I suppose . 

C:  because when you use a remote control a lot of people uh will uh will uh drop their remote control 

C:  the uh titanium was also an option . 

C:  Um it's poss it's also possible to uh create fancy colours with rubber . 

C:  Uh titanium uh you have to paint it 

C:  Um <other> I h I had an idea single covered uh curved , sorry , single curved . 

C:  it's t two dimensional . 

C:  I thought of an idea like this . 

C:  So it also looks nice when it's on your table . 

C:  uh it doesn't lay flat down on the table , 

C:  Um the graphical user interface and the buttons , uh we also thought about that already . 

C:  And um it should be made of strong plastic 

C:  uh this should uh be uh our uh button component . 

C:  Uh the batteries , uh we also thought about that already , 

C:  And they should be long lasting , not uh not be empty uh in about uh two minutes or uh thirty minutes or forty minutes of use . 

C:  Uh there was an option to use s a rather simple chip 

C:  there should be some more uh investigation on that side . 

C:  I think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber . 

A:  but I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour . <other> 

C:  We could make a little R_ and R_  on the top of the machine . 

C:  I suggest , because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours uh and also in a lot of possible colours , so it's possible to make very uh fancy uh remote controls 

C:  but i if you drop it it's not uh broken uh right away s instead of using uh plastic , hard plastic or uh titanium . 

C:  Uh s as I said uh before rubber is uh is impossible to damage severely 

B:  I thought a little bit about the interface . Uh how it should look . 

B:  Uh first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition . 

B:  This uh and there's an easy way to uh program that 

B:  Um perhaps it's useful , 

B:  And then I have to go out of the presentation 

B:  And perhaps we could uh implement that . 

B:  I tried to uh the L_C_D_ screen I tried to sort of to draw  . 

B:  and then the buttons above and uh below 

B:  I think it's not really on scale and and so forth . 

B:  It's uh options is the settings of the remote and of the T_V_ and that kind of uh thing . 

B:  Perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should , 

B:  And uh it's also uh I thought think we discussed uh earlier that uh older people don't really want to use uh these extra settings . 

B:  And you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your uh remote , 

D:  I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching . The trends from the past years , what the people like , what the youngsters like , what the elderly people liked about shapes , colours , material and stuff . 

D:  The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy . 

D:  like the L_C_D_ screen that's <other> quite innovative 

D:  And the third thing is it should be easy to use . 

D:  The round shapes , and soft material m materials like the rubber . 

D:  Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown , red , deep reds and stuff . 

D:  And then I th I I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like 

D:  It's it's a bit like a banana . 

D:  And for the elderly people just plain old . 

D:  We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes . 

D:  Because we decided to have two kind of remotes , two designs , 

D:  I think like my colleague , you said , is that's e better , or for the elderly people something like like the iPod or something , with round squares . 

B:  You could you could uh change the colours , that was also the idea . 

A:  I guess changing colours will be easier than changing uh 

C:  Changing just the shape of the uh remote control ? 

B:  Perhaps you could find something in the middle . 

C:  round corners , but s but square , yeah . 

A:  But maybe then both groups won't buy it . 

C:  and the L_C_D_ screen was uh rather small . Um . 

D:  w I think that L_C_D_ screen should be like  

C:  but I think it should be larger . 

D:  Larger I think . 

B:  Looks a bit like a Game Boy now . <laugh> 

B:  So it's a bit square , but it's also a bit uh round . 

D:  Uh  Look something like that  . Autumn colours like red , brown . 

D:  So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour . 

D:  between the young people ? Fresh , exciting . 

D:  like I said , young people like more soft materials and spongy ones 

D:  So we have to decide if we're going to use 

C:  Soft rubber . 

D:  like like like a a eraser or something . That's the bit you can press it in , 

D:  Yeah it's quite hard 

B:  So we should first decide about shape , I think . 

C:  but if yo if you make the the L_C_D_ screen as large as the remote control itself , uh you'll <other> you'll always get some  

B:  You always touch it , 

D:  because you have how much ? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen . 

D:  Because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time . 

A:  And we won't include a a pen , or something to point , 

A:  we we want to do it with our fingers , 

C:  Because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you can't use  

B:  Yeah o yeah  , if they think it's handy to use a pen . 

A:  And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers , huh . <laugh> 

D:  but that that can be  with plain soft tissue . 

A:  maybe I should uh should show some points on which we uh should take a decision . 

A:  are we going to do it with separate docking station 

A:  Uh chip on print and case . 

B:  I think energy were batteries 

C:  The docking station . 

D:  Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries 

A:  We already decided that on the previous meeting . 

D:  which you can recharge through the docking station . 

D:  if the badg the batteries are dead 

B:  <other> but it should be th I think normal batteries , 

D:  normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . Yeah . 

B:  Um what was with the chip on print ? 

C:  Chip on print with a with a <other> simple uh a sim not a simple but a  

A:  but how did this how does that with a L_C_D_ screen ? 

D:  I dunno what w what we have to decide about that . 

C:  chip on print , I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got , uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button . 

D:  but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate , 

A:  you need some kind of C_P_U_ , I guess . 

D:  Mm , I don't I dunno I don't think that's  

D:  Yeah , it's quite a simple L_C_D_ screen . 

C:  but it the the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume . 

A:  Because we're projecting projecting the buttons on the L_C_D_ screen . 

C:  we wanted to make it from rubber 

B:  but but a hard rubber like this ? 

C:  And the case , yeah we already discussed the case , 

C:  Uh hard rubber I think . 

D:  We have different colours . 

D:  the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ? 

D:  I think it's more round than square . <other> 

B:  But I think it should be a bit longer , perhaps . 

D:  I think it meets more the young people than the older people . 

A:  But that's what we want ,  . 

C:  and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve ? 

D:  I thought that was a quite good 

C:  Uh got a single curved uh rubber 

D:  you c you can draw it on your paper 

D:  And load it on the the user the server . 

A:  there are also some some questions uh about the concepts I think 

B:  what we should also have on , I just remembered , um a menu to go back through the first uh 

D:  Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal ? 

C:  If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter . 

D:  I think it's it's easier to have it something like  Oh a button uh minus here , plus over here . A minus here , plus over here . 

D:  The other buttons and on here <other> the top . 

B:  I think I would put a plus and a min uh here . 

C:  We'll leave that to the usability engineering then . <laugh> 

B:  But I'm going to look if I've got some examples 

C:  So not how much  n not how often it's used , but  

B:  W what's what's usual or normal . 

D:  because I have two televisions at home . 

C:  it does it doesn't really matter , 

A:  I think we have we don't have to decide about that now 

B:  And the speech uh shall we implement that ? 

B:  But then you should also find a place  

C:  you can make a very sensitive microphone , 

A:  maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone uh 

C:  But that's not import I think that's not im very important 

B:  You could p you could put it in a logo of the company . <laugh> 

D:  between the round of the R_ . 

C:  but it doesn't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh  

B:  just 'cause other remotes don't have that . 

A:  because a microphone is very small thing , 

A:  we already s discussed that , huh , the the L_C_D_ 

C:  <other> Interface type . 

D:  I think it's better to just  up what you'd like to do on the screen . 

B:  the the young people do like uh scroll uh 

B:  and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh  

D:  I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options , 

C:  you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television , you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen . 

A:  there's our five minutes uh warning . 

C:  So then it's uh very handy to to scroll down , 

A:  And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side 

C:  what's the standard colour ? 

D:  we have different colour . 

B:  You should you should have a black one 

D:  Dark grey , something like this this colour or something . 

D:  I think it's better to have silver nowadays . 

D:  Yeah the the silver black are our main colours . Yeah . 

A:  w what about a yellow thing , 

D:  it'll be a banana yellow , we have . 

D:  Green , wood , brown . 

C:  But if you use uh silver , uh rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy . 

A:  I would think about colours like uh red , yellow , green , blue , 

D:  The fruity colours and the autumn colours , like red and brown ,  dark red and brown . 

B:  And and do we have to have a normal black one , or uh  

A:  uh that wraps it up ? 

A:  I wrote it down here . I wrote it down here what to do um . 

A:  Everybody knows uh what to do ? 

A:  The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes . 

A:  and especially notice that uh the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board , 

B:  but do we have to stay here , 

A:  I I'd say just wait uh for email and uh find out . 

