A:  Today , functional design phase . 

D:  The functional requirements , it's uh <other> uh very important for uh the user , 

D:  seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly . Um  

D:  they want to spend money for a better system , for better remote control , 

D:  and um they use  yeah , they use zap a lot , 

D:  but um uh the relevant buttons are the power , the channel selection and the volume selection . 

D:  but uh w and not important in the audio settings , display settings 

A:  we can we can hide those under a menu or something , 

D:  that was  in the test , the the most people uh f find it uh irritating uh when they cannot find a rem their remote control , 

D:  And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen 

A:  We wanna have a little preview on the remote control . Preview what's on the channel . 

B:  'Cause it sounds pretty expensive too . 

D:  Uh my personal preferences is uh a button for my favourite channel , 

A:  it just remembers the channel that you are on most , for example . 

D:  Yeah . 

B:  some technical functions . 

B:  There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear . 

B:  Uh also symbols tend to fade after a while . 

B:  this is basically what I h had in mind in the  fade-proof symbols , locator , a sound , 

B:  And possibly also the size , so more important buttons , bigger 

B:  but more  less buttons , easy , some bigger buttons . 

A:  Yeah , it's true . 

A:  So we agree on the the part that we need to get something on the on the remote to find it somewhere 

C:  so if we make a circuit board with the the connections already on it , then that's cheaper . 

C:  You have the the power coming in , 

C:  The switch uh uh <other> uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor , that thinks over a Morse code , 

C:  then uh the signal is sent to two uh light bulbs . 

C:  Uh I don't have any personal p uh preferences uh so far , 

A:  Like you said uh teletext is not not very popular anymore 

A:  I don't think we should remove the button , 

A:  But I don't think it should be <other> very  it should be one of the big buttons for example . 

A:  <other> This is a new product and with this new product we want to appeal to younger people , 

A:  um the younger people were defined under forty . 

A:   And one thing that should be important is that the corporate l colour and slogan are recognisable , 

A:  With that concept I started thinking , so why not just steal Nokia's idea 

C:  I think this is a good idea . 

A:  I think we should lose the L_C_D_ screen , 

C:  Y Yes , I think so too . 

A:  I think it takes up a lot of a lot of power . 

A:  What we could do , what could be possible , is maybe not an L_C_D_ screen but with a preview , 

A:  For example , a little T_V_ guide . 

A:  I'm not sure it's even possible , 

C:  I have to check that out , 

A:  I think the p yeah , the beep is a very simple thing to imple implement , 

A:  we should go for that . 

C:  then uh I'd I'd like to know now if we want the uh universal remote control or not , 

A:  I think it's universal . I think we should go for universal , 

A:  Speech recognition , I think it's very hard , 

B:  Besides that , the technology isn't really super yet , 

B:  but it's just not  I don't think the market's ripe for that yet . 

A:  you should you should look into the in into the materials that are real durable . 

A:  maybe a little harder plastic 

C:  If we uh make a remote control with changeable covers , then we can also make uh a cover for every language area . 

B:  But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves 

A:  it's not even a bad idea . 

C:  Uh we can make something that you can only remove the sleeve . 

A:  it's just just a one one piece of rubber for example , 

A:  something I have to look into . 

A:  you have to come up with a components concept , 

A:  you should do some trend-watching , 

A:  I think it should be  have less or l very little buttons 

B:  Is it techni technically possible to uh <other> send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu , 

A:  That is true . 

C:  I don't think so . 

A:  A double-sided remote control ? 

A:  but you can't you cannot take into consideration all the different brands of T_V_s . 

A:  because usually the the menu is  the menu button is is usable between different brands . Especially the big ones , the big brands , 

A:  if you can put some research into that , if it's possible . 

A:  I think it's possible , 

C:  I thi I think so too . 

A:  Maybe it's a little more curves or whatever . 

D:  And uh with different colours uh . 

B:  I'll put some on paper 

A:  we could do some i do some work now on on the design for example . 

B:  and since you're holding it like this , I suggest you put the channel up channel down and volume  

A:  Think it's like this . <other> 

A:  I think that the <other> the buttons should be  the channel buttons should be <other> uh on their own . 

B:  Uh maybe the menu button can go i in the middle . 

A:  Yeah , in the middle . 

C:  Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it , if you  if it's lost , for people that are deaf . 

A:  but for example if it's lost in your armchair , we'll not see the flash . 

B:  We could make a combination that it goes beep and that you  that some light lights up . 

A:  We could do that . 

B:  uh the power button somewhere over here ? 

A:  Mute . 

A:  I think it should be at the bottom somewhere . 

D:  <other> Around uh not uh not at top at the  around the volume selection . 

C:  Shall we uh also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote ? 

A:  I'm not sure y <other> I'm not sure it's  if it's expensive , 

A:  to have uh like sort of a  maybe a base station that you put on the T_V_ . Could be flat , you could insert your uh remote into it . 

C:  But I think that will cost a lot . 

A:  I'm not sure if it costs a lot , 

B:  And do people actually want that ? To pay extra  they want to pay for rechargeable ? 

A:  we could either make a separate station which just sends a signal to the remote control to either beep or flash to find it , 

A:  we have to  either that or make it integrated with a with a docking station . 

C:  I think this is a brilliant product . 

A:  because if they're willing to pay more , we could lose a little profit and maybe attract more customers , 

B:  Could you post some <other> other essentials of what people want , 

B:  Where would we want the uh teletext button ? 

B:  Do we put it somewhere over here ? 

A:  draw us up some some designs of of possible  

A:  we don't want  we want very little buttons , just the buttons you use a lot . 

B:  because some T_V_s have the uh possibility to adjust brightness , that kind of menus . 

A:  but that's what we stick under the menu button . 

C:  Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu . 

A:  But I think most modern T_V_s have it in their menu . 

C:  Uh isn't there a possibility to do research on that , so we know that for sure ? 

D:  Um they want to pay for an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition . 

B:  Oh , we're not going to be able to sell it for twenty-five then , with an L_C_D_ screen . 

A:  Yeah , just look at the possibilities then , 

A:  we should do a little thing about design , 

D:  <laugh> Different colours maybe . 

C:  And the design , it should differ . 

A:  let's say that people would want an L_C_D_ thing . 

D:  If you're reading from top to bottom , I think it's better to put it uh at the top . 

A:  How can you use an L_C_D_ screen ? 

D:  But nee the function of it . <other> 

A:  So we have three people saying it should be on top . 

B:  Do we put the volume control and the channel control here , 

D:  In the middle . 

A:  Maybe in a circle for example , like we  like in this example . 

A:  I think the channel button should be in the centre . 

B:  but we do agree that we <other> keep this at the centre , 

C:  but if we need two batteries and an L_C_D_ screen , that means a lot of space that we need . 

A:  Just to do research into both , w what it costs and what it takes for space . 

C:  uh let's give this uh a name , and not like some vague serial number that no one understands , like with cars . 

A:  Yeah , let's think of a name , okay . 

A:  the the minutes will be on the on the web shortly , 

C:  If you rule out functions , then uh  and that gets known , then people are not gonna buy it . 

A:  I  I'm not sure . 

