B:  And the other one is , um , uh , is there some good use that we can make of the transcribers to do other things ? 
B:  One  one was uh , we had s had some discussion in the past about some very high level labelings , 
A:  Um , the other thing is that  there was a number of things at the transcription side that , um , transcribers can do , like dialogue act tagging , 
abst_sum - abstract: The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed recording equipment and setup issues, recent developments in the transcription effort, other potential types of tagging to be assigned to transcribers, and the post-processing of waveforms.

A:  And actually in addition to that , that the  the close talking mikes are worn in such a way as to best capture the signal . 
H:  So it 's towards the corner of your mouth so that breath sounds don't get on it . 
A:  But if we could actually standardize , you know , the  the microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . 
B:  but have them all be the same mike . 
G:  It 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . 
G:  it 's really  <mike noise> it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view 
H:  So we might as well get it as uniform as we can . 
G:  And , uh , also Dan Ellis 's innovation of the , uh  the multi - channel to here really helped a r a lot in terms of clearing  clearing up h hearings that involve overlaps . 
abst_sum - abstract: The discussion was largely focused on efforts to facilitate transcriptions, including the improvement of strategies for transcribing overlapping speech, and achieving greater uniformity in the type of equipment used during recordings and the manner in which recording devices are worn by speakers.

B:  uh , well one thing I was gonna say was that , um , i we could get more , uh , of the head mounted microphones 
B:  so why don't we just go out and  and get an order of  of 
B:  but have them all be the same mike . 
H:  So we might as well get it as uniform as we can . 
abst_sum - decisions: To achieve greater uniformity in across-speaker recording conditions, the group decided to purchase three additional head-mounted microphones.

A:  I guess I wanted to , um , sort of make a pitch for trying to collect more meetings . 
A:  because I think it 'd be good if  if we can get a few different sort of non - internal types of meetings 
abst_sum - decisions: Future work will include recording more varied meeting data from non-ICSI discussion groups.

A:  but that , um , it would be helpful if I can stay in the loop somehow with , um , people who are doing any kind of post - processing , 
abst_sum - decisions: It was proposed by speaker fe016 that better communication be established between researchers involved in post-processing of the waveform and ASR.

A:  it adds this extra , you know , vari variable for each speaker to  to deal with when the microphones aren't similar . 
abst_sum - problems: Use of dissimilar microphones adds an extra, unwanted variable to individual speaker recordings.

A:  But if we could actually standardize , you know , the  the microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . 
G:  It 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . 
G:  it 's really  <mike noise> it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view 
abst_sum - problems: Similarly, differences in the type of recording equipment used and the manner in which microphones are worn by speakers causes problems for the transcription effort.

B:  but if you 're d i the kind of person who 's doing array processing you actually care about funny little times . 
B:  And  and so you actually wou would want to have a completely different set up than we have , 
E:  Is there an interest in getting video recordings for these meetings ? 
H:  Yes , absolutely . But it 's exactly the same problem , 
H:  that you have an infrastructure problem , 
B:  They were interested in ours . 
B:  And , uh , it is related to ours . 
abst_sum - problems: Setting up a microphone array and performing video recordings (in a possible collaboration with NIST) are problematic due to the types of changes in infrastructure they require.

E:  But there could be problems , right ? with that . 
A:  then for forced alignment we actually don't know where  you know , in the signal the transcriber heard that word . 
A:  Th - but there 's going to be a real problem , 
A:  uh , even if we chop up based on speech silence these , uh , the transcripts from I B M , we don't actually know where the words were , 
A:  which segment they belonged to . 
abst_sum - problems: IBM's single-channel approach to transcriptions may pose problems for the post-processing of waveforms and forced alignments, as the group foresees difficulties in referencing chopped segments back to the original times/locations from which they were extracted.

E:  So the problem is like , uh , on the microphone of somebody who 's not talking they 're picking up signals from other people  and that 's <breath> causing problems ? 
abst_sum - problems: Another post-processing problem involves cross-talk, and, in particular, situations in which a speaker whose contributions to the discussion are relatively sparse but whose microphone picks up signals from the other speakers.

