B:  OK , we 're done . 
B:  Are we on ? 
B:  We 're on . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , 
B:  so , uh , 
B:  we haven't sent around the agenda . 
B:  So , 
B:  i 
B:  uh , any agenda items anybody has , wants to talk about , what 's going on ? 
B:  It 's on ? 
B:  OK , agenda item one , 
B:  introduce Don . 
B:  OK , we did that . 
B:  Uh  
B:  OK , so let 's  let 's  So let 's just do agenda  building right now . 
B:  OK , so let 's talk about that a bit . 
B:  Uh , @ @ tuss close talking mikes , 
B:  better quality . 
B:  OK , <breath> uh , we can talk about that . 
B:  You were gonna  starting to say something ? 
B:  No , no , that 's OK . 
B:  We can  so  we can ta so n NIST is  NIST folks are coming by next week 
B:  and so we can talk about that . 
B:  I think 
B:  Uh , uh , John Fiscus 
B:  and , uh , I think George Doddington will be around as well . 
B:  Uh , OK , so we can talk about that . 
B:  Uh , I guess just hear about how things are going with , uh , uh , the transcriptions . 
B:  That 's right . 
B:  That would sorta be an obvious thing to discuss . 
B:  Um , 
B:  An - anything else , uh , strike anybody ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Um , 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  so , uh  
B:  OK . 
B:  Alright , that seems like a  a good collection of things . 
B:  And we 'll undoubtedly think of  other things . 
B:  Oh , under the NIST meeting . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Alright , why don't we start off with this , 
B:  u u 
B:  I guess the order we brought them up seems fine . 
B:  Um , 
B:  so , better quality close talking mikes . 
B:  So the one issue was that the  the , uh , lapel mike , uh , isn't as good as you would like . 
B:  And so , uh , it  it 'd be better if we had close talking mikes for everybody . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Is that  is that basically the point ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right , so one th 
B:  uh , well one thing I was gonna say was that , um , i we could get more , uh , of the head mounted microphones 
B:  even beyond the number of radio channels we have 
B:  because I think whether it 's radio or wire is probably second - order . 
B:  And the main thing is having the microphone close to you , 
B:  u although , not too close . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Is . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Right . 
B:  How am I d 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , I mean it doesn't hurt to have a few extra microphones around , 
B:  so why don't we just go out and  and get an order of  of 
B:  if this microphone seems OK to people , 
B:  uh , I 'd just get a half dozen of these things . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No , but my point is  
B:  R r right  
B:  Right now , we 've got , uh , two microphones in the room , that are not quote - unquote standard . 
B:  So why don't we replace those  
B:  Well , however many we can plug in . 
B:  You know , if we can plug in three , let 's plug in three . 
B:  Also what we 've talked before about getting another , uh , radio , 
B:  and so then that would be , you know , three  more . 
B:  So , uh  so we should go out to our full complement of whatever we can do , 
B:  but have them all be the same mike . 
B:  I think the original reason that it was done the other way was because , it w it was sort of an experimental thing 
B:  and I don't think anybody knew whether people would rather have more variety or  <breath> or , uh , more uniformity , 
B:  but  @ @  but uh , 
B:  sounds  sounds fine . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  When we 're doing  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Now , this is locking the barn door after the horse was stolen . 
B:  We do have thirty hours , of  of speech , which is done this way . 
B:  But  
B:  but , uh , yeah , for future ones we can get it a bit more uniform . 
B:  Yeah , probably  yeah , to the store we talked about 
B:  and that  
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  OK , second item was the , uh , NIST visit , and what 's going on there . 
B:  Um , something I guess I didn't put in the list but , uh , on that , uh , same day later on in  
B:  or maybe it 's  No , actually  it 's this week , 
B:  uh , Dave Gelbart and I will be , uh , visiting with John Canny 
B:  who i you know , is a CS professor , 
B:  who 's interested in ar in array microphones . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And so we wanna see what commonality there is here . 
B:  You know , maybe they 'd wanna stick an array mike here when we 're doing things 
B:  or  or maybe it 's  it 's not a specific array microphone they want 
B:  but they might wanna just ,  uh , you know , you could imagine them taking the four signals from these  these table mikes and trying to do something with them  
B:  Um , I also had a discussion  
B:  So , w uh , we 'll be over  over there talking with him , um , after class on Friday . 
B:  Um , we 'll let you know what  what goes with that . 
B:  Also had a completely unrelated thing . I had a , uh , discussion today with , uh , Birger Kollmeier who 's a , uh , a German , uh , scientist 
B:  who 's got a fair sized group <clears throat> doing a range of things . 
B:  It 's sort of auditory related , largely for hearing aids and so on . 
B:  But  
B:  but , uh , he does stuff with auditory models and he 's very interested in directionality , and location , and  and , uh , head models and  microphone things . 
B:  And so , uh , he 's  he and possibly a student , there w 
B:  there 's , uh , a student of his who gave a talk here last year , 
B:  uh , may come here , uh , in the fall for , uh , sort of a five month , uh , sabbatical . 
B:  So he might be around . 
B:  Get him to give some talks and so on . 
B:  But anyway , he might be interested in  this stuff . 
B:  Right . 
B:  A little bit , 
B:  I mean , he didn't do a very extreme thing but just  it was just sort of 
B:  e e given that , the  the  the block of wood with the  the  the two mikes  on either side , 
B:  if I 'm speaking , or if you 're speaking , or someone over there is speaking , it  if you look at cross - correlation functions , you end up with a  
B:  if  if someone who was on the axis between the two is talking , then you  you get a big peak there . 
B:  And if  if someone 's talking on  on  on , uh , one side or the other , it goes the other way . 
B:  And then , uh , it  it  it even looks different if th t if the two  two people on either side are talking than if one in the middle . 
B:  It  it actually looks somewhat different , 
B:  so . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah , well you have to  the appropriate normalizations are tricky , and  and  and are probably the key . 
B:  Yeah . We 've switched positions recently so you can't  
B:  Anyway . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So those are just a little couple of news items . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Probably not 
B:  but I  I 'll  I 'll  I 'll know better after I see him this Friday what  what kind of level he wants to get involved . 
B:  Uh , he might be excited to and it might be very appropriate for him to , uh , or he might have no interest whatsoever . 
B:  I  I just really don't know . 
B:  Well that 's what they 're starting up . 
B:  Yeah . No , I mean , that 's what all this is about . They  they haven't done it yet . 
B:  They wanted to do it  
B:  Uh , well I think they 've instrumented a room 
B:  but I don't  think they  they haven't started recordings yet . 
B:  They don't have the t the transcription standards . 
B:  They don't have the  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I think . 
B:  I think they are . 
B:  Well , I 'm  I 'm  I 'm not sure . 
B:  All  all I know is that they 've been talking to me about a project that they 're going to start up recording people meet in meetings . 
B:  And , uh , it is related to ours . 
B:  They were interested in ours . 
B:  They wanted to get some uniformity with us , uh , about the transcriptions and so on . 
B:  And one  one notable difference  u u 
B:  actually I can't remember whether they were going to routinely collect video or not , 
B:  but one  one , uh , difference from the audio side was that they are interested in using array mikes . 
B:  So , um , I mean , I 'll just tell you the party line on that . 
B:  The reason I didn't go for that here was because , uh , the focus , uh , both of my interest and of Adam 's interest was uh , in impromptu situations . 
B:  And 
B:  we 're not recording a bunch of impromptu situations 
B:  but that 's because it 's different to get data for research than to actually apply it . 
B:  And so , uh , for scientific reasons we thought it was good to instrument this room as we wanted it . 
B:  But the thing we ultimately wanted to aim at was a situation where you were talking with , uh , one or more other people i uh , in  in an p impromptu way , where you didn't  didn't actually know what the situation was going to be . 
B:  And therefore it would not  it 'd be highly unlikely that room would be outfitted with  with some very carefully designed array of microphones . 
B:  Um , so it was only for that reason . It was just , you know , yet another piece of research 
B:  and it seemed like we had enough troubles just  
B:  No . So there 's  there 's  uh , there 's a whole range of things  there 's a whole array of things , <laugh> that people do on this . 
B:  So , um , 
B:  the , uh  the big arrays , 
B:  uh , places , uh , like uh , Rutgers , and Brown , and other  other places , 
B:  uh , they have , uh , big arrays with , I don't know , a hundred  hundred mikes or something . 
B:  And so there 's a wall of mikes . 
B:  And you get really , really good beam - forming  with that sort of thing . 
B:  And it 's  and , um , 
B:  in fact at one point we had a  a proposal in with Rutgers where we were gonna do some of the sort of per channel signal - processing 
B:  and they were gonna do the multi - channel stuff , 
B:  but  it d it d we ended up not doing it . 
B:  But  
B:  Yeah , it 's r It 's really neat stuff . 
B:  And then they had the little ones , yeah . 
B:  Yeah , our block of wood is unique . 
B:  But the <laugh> But the 
B:  No , there are these commercial things now you can buy that have four mikes or something 
B:  and  and , uh , 
B:  um  
B:  So , yeah , there 's  there 's  there 's a range of things that people do . 
B:  Um , so if we connected up with somebody who was interested in doing that sort of thing that 's  that 's a good thing to do . 
B:  I mean , whenever I 've described this to other people who are interested on the  with the acoustic side that 's invariably the question they ask . 
B:  Just like someone who is interested in the general dialogue thing will always ask <sniff> " um , are you recording video ? " 
B:  Um , right ? 
B:  And  and the acoustic people will always say , " well are you doing , uh , uh , array microphones ? " 
B:  So it 's  it 's a good thing to do , but it doesn't solve the problem of how do you solve things when there 's one mike or at best two mikes in  in this imagined PDA that we have . 
B:  So maybe  maybe we 'll do some more of it . 
B:  Yeah , if ninety - nine percent of what you 're doing is c is shutting off most of the mikes , then going through the  
B:  But if you get somebody who 's  who  who has that as a primary interest then that put  then that drives it in that direction . 
B:  Well , uh , at some level  at some level . 
B:  But then , you know , there 's  it  there 's  
B:  There 's  
B:  I  I don't know what they 're going to do and I don't know how big their array is . 
B:  Obviously if you were gonna save all of those channels for later research you 'd use up a lot of space . 
B:  And , th 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But I mean , uh , for optimum flexibility later you 'd want to save each channel . 
B:  But I think in practical situations you would have some engine of some sort doing some processing to reduce this to some  to the equivalent of a single microphone that was very directional . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  So  
B:  See the problem is it  it took , uh , uh , it took at least six months for Dan to get together the hardware and the software , and debug stuff in  in the microphones , and in the boxes . 
B:  And it was a really big deal . 
B:  And so I think we could get a microphone array in here pretty easily 
B:  and , uh , have it mixed to  to one channel of some sort . 
B:  But , e I think for 
B:  I mean , how we 're gonna decide  
B:  For  for maximum flexibility later you really don't want to end up with just one channel that 's pointed in the direction of the  the  the p the person with the maximum energy or something like that . 
B:  I mean , you  you want actually to  you want actually to have multiple channels being recorded so that you can  
B:  And to do that , it  we 're going to end up greatly increasing the disk space that we use up , 
B:  we also only have boards that will take up to sixteen channels 
B:  and in  this meeting , we 've got eight people and  and six mikes . 
B:  And there we 're already using fourteen . 
B:  E 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . So I think you 'd need a separate  a separate set up 
B:  and the assumption that you could time align the two . 
B:  I 'm not so much worried about disk space actually . 
B:  I mentioned that , b as a practical matter , 
B:  but the real issue is that , uh , there is no way to do a recording extended to what we have now with low skew . 
B:  So  you would have a t completely separate set up , 
B:  which would mean that the sampling times and so forth would be all over the place compared to this . 
B:  So it would depend on the level of pr processing you were doing later , 
B:  but if you 're d i the kind of person who 's doing array processing you actually care about funny little times . 
B:  And  and so you actually wou would want to have a completely different set up than we have , 
B:  one that would go up to thirty - two channels or something . 
B:  So basically  
B:  or a hun 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , I 'm kinda skeptical , 
B:  but um I think that  
B:  So , uh , I don't think we can share the resource in that way . 
B:  But what we could do is if there was someone else who 's interested they could have a separate set up which they wouldn't be trying to synch with ours 
B:  which might be useful for  for them . 
B:  And then we can offer up the room , 
B:  Yeah , we can o offer the meetings , and the physical space , 
B:  and  and  yeah , the transcripts , and so on . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well I thi 
B:  yeah , the thing will be , u u in  in  again , in talking to these other people to see what  you know , what  what we can do . 
B:  Uh , we 'll see . 
B:  Right , so we have  we  
B:  Yeah , so it 's , uh , people  people getting shy about it . 
B:  There 's this human subjects problem . 
B:  There 's the fact that then um , if  
B:  i I I 've heard comments about this before , 
B:  " why don't you just put on a video camera ? " 
B:  But you know , it 's sort of like saying , " uh , well we 're primarily interested in  in some dialogue things , 
B:  uh , but , uh , why don't we just throw a microphone out there . " 
B:  I mean , the thing is , once you actually have serious interest in any of these things then you actually have to put a lot of effort in . 
B:  And , uh , you really want to do it right . 
B:  So I think NIST or LDC , or somebody like that I think is much better shape to do all that . 
B:  We  there will be other meeting recordings . We won't be the only place doing meeting recordings . 
B:  We are doing what we 're doing . 
B:  And , uh , hopefully it 'll be useful . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , we  we  
B:  We  we  we  we don't , uh  
B:  we don't  we don't perform electro - shock during these meetings , 
B:  and  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh , transcriptions . 
B:  So if they hear something off in the distance they don't  they just go  
B:  Are you ? 
B:  But they 're not giving f really fine time markings . 
B:  Um , it 's historical . 
B:  I mean , 
B:  uh , some point ago we thought that uh , it  " boy , we 'd really have to ramp up to do that " , 
B:  you know , like we just did , 
B:  and , um , here 's , uh , a  a , uh , collaborating institution that 's volunteered to do it . 
B:  So , that was a contribution they could make . Uh in terms of time , money , you know ? 
B:  And it still might be a good thing 
B:  but  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  so . 
B:  We 'll see . 
B:  I mean , I think , th you know , they  they  they 've proceeded along a bit . Let 's see what comes out of it , and  and , uh , you know , have some more discussions with them . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I  I think that they are , 
B:  um , 
B:  yeah , I 'm sure they will 
B:  and so we  we have to have a dialogue with them about it . 
B:  I mean , it sounds like Liz has some concerns 
B:  and  
B:  That 's great . 
B:  I guess the other thing , 
B:  I  I can't remember if we discussed this in the meeting but , uh , I know you and I talked about this a little bit , 
B:  there was an issue of , uh , 
B:  suppose we get in the , uh , 
B:  I guess it 's enviable position although maybe it 's just saying where the weak link is in the chain , 
B:  uh , where we  we , 
B:  uh  uh , 
B:  we have all the data transcribed 
B:  and we have these transcribers 
B:  and we were  we 're  the  
B:  we 're still a bit slow on feeding  
B:  at that point we 've caught up 
B:  and the  the  the , uh , the weak link is  is recording meetings . 
B:  OK , 
B:  um , 
B:  two questions come , is you know what  how  how do we  
B:  uh , it 's not really a problem at the moment cuz we haven't reached that point 
B:  but how do we step out the recorded meetings ? 
B:  And the other one is , um , uh , is there some good use that we can make of the transcribers to do other things ? 
B:  So , um , I  I can't remember how much we talked about this in this meeting 
B:  but there was  
B:  Right , so I think we talking about three level  three things . 
B:  One  one was uh , we had s had some discussion in the past about some very high level labelings , 
B:  types of overlaps , and so forth that  that someone could do . 
B:  Second was , uh , somewhat lower level 
B:  just doing these more precise timings . 
B:  And the third one is  is , uh , just a completely wild hair brained idea that I have 
B:  which is that , um , if , uh  if we have time and people are able to do it , to take some subset of the data and do some very fine grained analysis of the speech . 
B:  For instance , uh , marking in some overlapping  
B:  potentially overlapping fashion , uh , the value of , uh , ar articulatory features . 
B:  You know , just sort of say , OK , it 's voiced from here to here , 
B:  there 's  it 's nasal from here to here , and so forth . 
B:  Um , as opposed to doing phonetic  uh , you know , phonemic and the phonetic analysis , 
B:  and , uh , assuming , uh , articulatory feature values for those  those things . 
B:  Um , obviously that 's extremely time - consuming . 
B:  Uh  
B:  but , uh , 
B:  we could do it on some small subset . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , yeah , 
B:  but I think also it 's just the issue that  that when you look at the  u w u u when you look at Switchboard for instance very close up there are places where whether it 's a consonant or a vowel you still have trouble calling it a particular phone 
B:  at that point 
B:  because it 's  you know , there 's this movement from here to here 
B:  and  and  and it 's  
B:  so I 
B:  Yeah , describe  describe it . 
B:  Now I 'm suggesting articulatory features . 
B:  Maybe there 's  there 's even a better way to do it 
B:  but it  but  but that 's , you know , sort of a traditional way of describing these things , 
B:  um , and  uh , 
B:  I mean , actually this might be a g neat thing to talk to  
B:  Sort of . 
B:  I mean , it 's still  
B:  some sort of categories 
B:  but  but something that allows for overlapping change of these things 
B:  and then this would give some more ground work for people who were building statistical models that allowed for overlapping changes , different timing changes as opposed to just " click , 
B:  you 're now in this state , which corresponds to this speech sound " and so on . 
B:  Yeah , something like that . 
B:  I mean , actually if we get into that it might be good to , uh , uh , haul John Ohala into this 
B:  and ask his  his views on it I think . 
B:  No , I think  I think it 's  for  for  for that purpose I 'm just viewing meetings as being a  a neat way to get people talking naturally . 
B:  And then you have i and then  and then it 's natural in all senses , 
B:  in the sense that you have microphones that are at a distance that you know , one might have , 
B:  and you have the close mikes , 
B:  and you have people talking naturally . 
B:  And the overlap is just indicative of the fact that people are talking naturally , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So  so I think that given that it 's that kind of corpus , 
B:  if it 's gonna be a very useful corpus 
B:  um , if you say w OK , we 've limited the use by some of our , uh , uh , censored choices , 
B:  we don't have the video , we don't  and so forth , 
B:  but there 's a lot of use that we could make of it by expanding the annotation choices . 
B:  And , uh , most of the things we 've talked about have been fairly high level , 
B:  and being kind of a bottom - up person I thought maybe we 'd , <laugh> do some of the others . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah 
B:  and hopefully someone would make use of it . 
B:  I mean , people didn't  
B:  uh , I mean , people have made a lot of use of  of TIMIT 
B:  and , uh w due to its markings , 
B:  and then  the Switchboard transcription thing , 
B:  well I think has been very useful for a lot of people . 
B:  So  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Cuz they have something like three or four different meetings , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Great . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  He - he 's supposed  he 's supposed to be trained <laugh> to do it . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I think they 're open to it . 
B:  I think , you know , all these things are  
B:  I think there 's  
B:  we should go beyond , uh , ICSI 
B:  but , I mean , there 's a lot of stuff happening at ICSI that we 're not getting now that we could . 
B:  So it 's just  
B:  Yeah . So the  
B:  No , no . No . 
B:  So th there was the thing in Fillmore 's group 
B:  but even there he hadn't  
B:  What he 'd said " no " to was for the main meeting . 
B:  But they have several smaller meetings a week , 
B:  and , uh , the notion was raised before that that could happen . 
B:  And it just , you know  it just didn't come together 
B:  but  
B:  Yeah . <breath> Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , so I mean there 's possibilities there . 
B:  I think Jerry 's group , yes . 
B:  Uh , there 's  there 's , uh , the networks group , 
B:  uh , I don't  
B:  Do they still meeting regularly 
B:  or  ? 
B:  But I mean , ha ha have they said they don't want to anymore 
B:  or  ? 
B:  Uh , i i 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , so they 're down to three or four people 
B:  but the thing is three or four people is OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  with  with  with potential use from the defense department . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . <laugh> <breath> <mouth> <breath> Yeah , th there 's a problem there in terms of , uh , the um commercial value of  of st uh , 
B:  it  it  it  it turned out to be a bit of a problem . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Of all  all nat all native speakers . 
B:  Why ? 
B:  Well , I don't  I don't  I don't think  if he didn't say that  
B:  I bet he did . 
B:  I remember wh I I remember a study  
B:  I remember a study that BBN did where they trained on  
B:  this was in Wall Street Journal days or something , 
B:  they trained on American English 
B:  and then they tested on , uh , different native speakers from different areas . 
B:  And , uh , 
B:  uh , the worst match was people whose native tongue was Mandarin Chinese . 
B:  The second worst was British English . 
B:  So h it 's , you know , t 
B:  the  the  the  German was much better , 
B:  it was Swiss w 
B:  Yeah , so it 's  
B:  so I think , you know , if he 's  if he 's thinking in terms of recognition kind of technology I  I  I think he would probably want , uh <breath> American English , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  It  it  yeah , unless we 're gonna train with a whole bunch of  
B:  I think so , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 's pretty tough , uh , this group . Yeah . 
B:  So , uh , what about  what about people who involved in some artistic endeavor ? 
B:  I mean , film - making or something like that . 
B:  You 'd think like they would be  
B:  Yeah , I know you are . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Put a little ad up saying , " come here and argue " . 
B:  They could have a discussion about te 
B:  about  about tax cuts or something . 
B:  Yeah , now that is not actually what we  
B:  Yeah , but we don't want them to throw the far field mikes is the thing . 
B:  Yeah . Anyway . 
B:  I had as my fourth thing here processing of wave forms . 
B:  What did we mean by that ? 
B:  Remember @ @ ? 
B:  Oh , 
B:  you already did that . 
B:  Yeah , and Dave uh  Gel - Gelbart again , 
B:  he 's  he 's interested in  in fact we 're look starting to look at some echo cancellation kind of things . 
B:  Which uh  
B:  Hmm ? 
B:  Well , let 's  w i isn't that what  what you want  
B:  t No , so  No , i w wha what you  what you want  when you 're saying improving the wave form you want the close talking microphone to be better . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  And the question is to w to what extent is it getting hurt by , uh  by any room acoustics 
B:  or is it just  uh , given that it 's close it 's not a problem ? 
B:  Uh  
B:  OK , so it 's  
B:  OK . 
B:  O K , 
B:  uh 
B:  tea has started out there I suggest we c run through our digits 
B:  and , 
B:  Uh , 
B:  So , 
B:  OK , we 're done . 
