G:  OK . 
G:  I c I could talk about the meeting . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Well , you  you , um , already know about the meeting  that 's coming up 
G:  and I don't know if  if this is appropriate for this . 
G:  I don't know . 
G:  I mean , maybe  maybe it 's something we should handle outside of the meeting . 
G:  OK . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Sure . Mm - hmm . 
G:  I had thought under my topic that I would mention 
G:  the , uh , four items that I  I , uh , put out for being on the agenda f on that meeting , 
G:  which includes like the pre - segmentation and the  and the developments in multitrans . 
G:  Yeah , under the NIST thing . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And that 's true . 
G:  I mean , I  we did discuss this . 
G:  Uh , and  and  
G:  a couple times , 
G:  so , um , yeah , the transcribers notice  
G:  And in fact there 're some where , um  
G:  ugh 
G:  well , I mean there 's  it 's the double thing . 
G:  It 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . 
G:  And he 's always  they always  they just rave about how wonderful Adam 's  Adam 's channel is . 
G:  And then , 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah , but I mean it 's not just that , it 's also you know you 
G:  It 's also like n no breathing , 
G:  no  
G:  You know , it 's like it 's  it 's um , 
G:  it 's really  <mike noise> it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view 
G:  and also from the research s point of view . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And there was some talk about , uh , maybe the h headphones that are uncomfortable for people , to  
G:  OK . 
G:  Good . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  OK , so , um , uh , 
G:  Jonathan Fiscus is coming on the second of February 
G:  and I 've spoken with , uh ,  u u a lot of people here , 
G:  not everyone . 
G:  Um , and , um , 
G:  he expressed an interest in seeing the room 
G:  and in , um , seeing a demonstration of the modified multitrans , 
G:  which I 'll mention in a second , 
G:  and also , um , he was interested in the pre - segmentation 
G:  and then he 's also interested in the transcription conventions . 
G:  And , um  So , um , it seems to me in terms of like , 
G:  um , i i it wou 
G:  You know , OK . 
G:  So the room , it 's things like the audio and c and audi audio and acoustic  acoustic properties of the room 
G:  and how it  how the recordings are done , 
G:  and that kind of thing . 
G:  And , um . OK , in terms of the multi - trans , well that  that 's being modified by Dave Gelbart to , uh , handle multi - channel recording . 
G:  Yeah , OK . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Well that 's OK , I mean we 'll  
G:  Yeah , and it 's t and it looks really great . 
G:  He  he has a prototype . 
G:  I  I , uh , @ @  didn't  didn't see it , uh , yesterday 
G:  but I 'm going to see it today . 
G:  And , uh , that 's  that will enable us to do  nice um , tight time marking of the beginning and ending of overlapping segments . 
G:  At present it 's not possible with limitations of  of the , uh , original  design of the software . 
G:  And um . 
G:  So , I don't know . 
G:  In terms of , like , pre - segmentation , that  that continues to be , um , a terrific asset to the  to the transcribers . 
G:  Do you  I know that you 're al also supplementing it further . 
G:  Do you want to mention something about that c Thilo , 
G:  or  ? 
G:  OK . 
G:  This is good . Mm - hmm . 
G:  Excellent , so this 'd be like w e providing also speaker ID  potentially . 
G:  Wonderful . 
G:  Wonderful . 
G:  Oh . 
G:  Can I ask one thing ? 
G:  Uh , so , um , 
G:  Jonathan Fiscus expressed an interest in , uh , microphone arrays . 
G:  Um , is there  
G:  I mean  b And I also want to say , his  he can't stay all day . 
G:  He needs to uh , leave for  uh , from here to make a two forty - five flight 
G:  from  from Oakland . 
G:  So it makes the scheduling a little bit tight 
G:  but do you think that , um  that , uh , i John Canny should be involved in this somehow or not . 
G:  I have no idea . 
G:  It 's premature . 
G:  Fine . 
G:  Good . 
G:  OK . 
G:  Well one thing I  I mean , I don't know . 
G:  I mean , I know that having an array of  I mean , I would imagine it would be more expensive to have a  an array of microphones . 
G:  But couldn't you kind of approximate the natural sis situation by just shutting off uh , channels when you 're  later on ? 
G:  I mean , it seems like if the microphones don't effect each other then couldn't you just , you know , record them with an array and then just not use all the data ? 
G:  I see . 
G:  Fine . 
G:  OK . 
G:  Yeah , w although I  m <laugh> I  I have to u u mention the human subjects problems ,  that i increase with video . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  I  it  it occurred to me , has Don signed a human subject 's form ? 
G:  A permission form ? 
G:  You were here at a meeting before . 
G:  Did you sign a form ? 
G:  OK . 
G:  OK . 
G:  You don't  you don't have to leave for it . 
G:  But I just  
G:  you know . 
G:  o 
G:  Transcriptions , OK . 
G:  Um , I thought about  there are maybe three aspects of this . 
G:  So first of all , um , I 've got eight transcribers . 
G:  Uh , seven of them are linguists . 
G:  One of them is a graduate student in psychology . 
G:  Um , Each  I gave each of them , uh , their own data set . 
G:  Two of them have already finished the data sets . 
G:  And  the meetings run , you know , let 's say an hour . Sometimes as man much as an hour and a half . 
G:  Oh , it 's  what I mean is one meeting . 
G:  Each  each person got their own meeting . 
G:  I didn't want to have any conflicts of , you know , of  of when to stop transcribing this one 
G:  or  
G:  So I wanted to keep it clear whose data were whose , 
G:  and  and  and so  
G:  And , uh , meetings , you know , I think that they 're  they go as long as a  almost two hours in some  in some cases . 
G:  So , you know , that means  
G:  you know , if we 've got two already finished and they 're working on  
G:  Uh , right now all eight of them have differe uh , uh , additional data sets . That means potentially as many as ten might be finished by the end of the month . 
G:  Hope so . 
G:  But the pre - segmentation really helps a huge amount . 
G:  And , uh , also Dan Ellis 's innovation of the , uh  the multi - channel to here really helped a r a lot in terms of clearing  clearing up h hearings that involve overlaps . 
G:  But , um , 
G:  just out of curiosity I asked one of them how long  it was taking her , one of these two who has already finished her data set . 
G:  She said it takes about , uh , sixty minutes transcription for every five minutes of real time . 
G:  So it 's about twelve to one , 
G:  which is what we were thinking . 
G:  It 's well in the range . 
G:  OK . Uh , these still , when they 're finished , um , that means that they 're finished with their pass through . They still need to be edited and all 
G:  but  But it 's word level , speaker change , the things that were mentioned . 
G:  OK , now I wanted to mention the , um , teleconference I had with , uh , Jonathan Fiscus . 
G:  We spoke for an hour and a half 
G:  and , um , had an awful lot of things in common . 
G:  He , um , um , he in indicated to me that they 've  that he 's been , 
G:  uh , looking , uh , uh , spending a lot of time with  
G:  I 'm not quite sure the connection , 
G:  but spending a lot of time with the ATLAS system . 
G:  And I guess that  I mean , I  I need to read up on that . 
G:  And there 's a web site that has lots of papers . 
G:  But it looks to me like that 's the name that has developed for the system that Bird and Liberman developed  for the annotated  graphs approach . 
G:  So what he wants me to do 
G:  and what we  what we will do and  uh , is to provide them with the u already transcribed meeting 
G:  for him to be able to experiment with in this ATLAS System . 
G:  And they do have some sort of software , 
G:  at least that 's my impression , related to ATLAS 
G:  and that he wants to experiment with taking our data 
G:  and putting them in that format , and see how that works out . 
G:  I  I  I explained to him in  in detail the , uh , conventions that we 're using here in this  in this word level transcript . 
G:  And , um , 
G:  you know , I  I explained , you know , the reasons that  that we were not coding more elaborately 
G:  and  and the focus on reliability . 
G:  He expressed a lot of interest in reliability . 
G:  It 's like he 's  he 's really up on these things . 
G:  He 's  he 's very  
G:  Um , independently he asked , " well what about reliability ? " 
G:  So , <breath> he 's interested in the consistency of the encoding and that sort of thing . 
G:  OK , um  
G:  Well , you know , at this point I think  
G:  Uh , well Adam 's read more  in more detail than I have on this . 
G:  I need to acquaint myself more with it . 
G:  But , um , there  there is a way of viewing  
G:  Uh , whenever you have coding categories , um , and you 're dealing with uh , a taxonomy , then you can have branches that  that have alternative , uh , choices that you could use for each  each of them . 
G:  And it just ends up looking like a graphical representation . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Including LDC . 
G:  I think so . 
G:  Mm - hmm . Then there 's their web site that has lots of papers . 
G:  And I looked through them 
G:  and they mainly had to do with this , um , this , uh , tree structure , uh , annotated tree diagram thing . 
G:  So , um , um  and , you know , in terms of like the conventions that I 'm a that I 've adopted , it  there  there 's no conflict at all . 
G:  And he was , you know , very interested . 
G:  And , " oh , and how 'd you handle this ? " 
G:  And I said , " well , you know , this way " 
G:  and  And  and we had a really nice conversation . 
G:  Um , OK , now I also wanted to say in a different  a different direction is , Brian Kingsbury . 
G:  So , um , I corresponded briefly with him . 
G:  I , uh , c I  
G:  He still has an account here . 
G:  I told him he could SSH on and use multi - trans , and have a look at the already done , uh , transcription . And he  and he did . 
G:  And what he said was that , um , what they 'll be providing is  will not be as fine grained in terms of the time information . 
G:  And , um , that 's , uh  You know , I need to get back to him and  and , uh , you know , explore that a little bit more and see what they 'll be giving us in specific , 
G:  but I just haven't had time yet . 
G:  Sorry , what ? 
G:  Yes . 
G:  Apparently  Well , I get the sense they 're kind of like that . Like it 's like a pool of  of somewhat uh , secretarial  
G:  I don't think that they 're court reporters . 
G:  I don't think they have the special keyboards and that  and that type of training . 
G:  I  I get the sense they 're more secretarial . 
G:  And that , um , uh , what they 're doing is giving them  
G:  Yep . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Up to now it 's been monologues , uh , as far my understood . 
G:  And  and what they 're doing is 
G:  Brian himself downloaded  So  So , um , Adam sent them a CD and Brian himself downloaded  
G:  uh , cuz , you know , I mean , we wanted to have it so that they were in familiar f terms with what they wanted to do . 
G:  He downloaded  from the CD onto audio tapes . 
G:  And apparently he did it one channel per audio tape . 
G:  So each of these people is  transcribing from one channel . 
G:  And then what he 's going to do is check it , 
G:  a before they go be beyond the first one . 
G:  Check it and , you know , adjust it , and all that . 
G:  I  I don't know . 
G:  I have t I , you know I  
G:  I think it would be difficult to do it that way . I really 
G:  d uh , in my case  
G:  Yes . 
G:  Well I th I think so . 
G:  Yeah , I  I would think that it would be kind of hard to come out with  Yeah . 
G:  I agree . 
G:  And especially since a lot of these  
G:  Yeah , we have . 
G:  Well , except I can say that my transcribers use the mixed signal mostly 
G:  unless there 's a huge disparity in terms of the volume on  on the mix . 
G:  In which case , you know , they  they wouldn't be able to catch anything except the prominent  channel , 
G:  then they 'll switch between . 
G:  But  but really  
G:  Well , OK . 
G:  Yeah , well  
G:  Well , I have to ask him . 
G:  And that 's  that 's my email to him . That needs to be forthcoming . 
G:  But  but the , uh  I did want to say that it 's hard to follow one channel of a conversation even if you know the people , 
G:  and if you 're dealing furthermore with highly abstract network concepts you 've never heard of  
G:  So , you know , one of these people was  was transcribing the , uh , networks group talk 
G:  and she said , " I don't really know what a lot of these abbreviations are , " 
G:  " but I just put them in parentheses cuz that 's the  that 's the convention and I just "  
G:  Cuz you know , if you don't know  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  It 's very  a real benefit having Brian involved 
G:  because of his knowledge of what the  how the data need to be used and so what 's useful to have in the format . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Good . 
G:  Oh good . 
G:  Now wasn't  I thought that one of the proposals was that IBM was going to do an initial forced alignment , 
G:  after they  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah . I  I need to  to write to him . 
G:  I just  you know , it 's like I got over - taxed with the timing . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  A good size . 
G:  Good . 
G:  Well , I  I was thinking it would be fun to  to  uh , uh , if  if you  wouldn't mind ,  <laugh> to give us a pre - segmentation . 
G:  Uh , maybe you have one already of that first m of the meeting that uh , the first transcribed meeting , 
G:  the one that I transcribed . 
G:  Do you have a  could you generate a pre - segmentation ? 
G:  Oh , I see . 
G:  Oh , darn . 
G:  Of course , of course , of course . 
G:  Yeah , OK . 
G:  Uh - huh . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Excellent , good . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah , Liz and I spoke d w at some length on Tuesday 
G:  and  and I  and I was planning to do just a  a preliminary look over of the two that are finished and then give them to you . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And there is one use that  that also we discussed which was when , uh , Dave finishes the  
G:  and maybe it 's already finished  
G:  the  the modification to multi - trans which will allow fine grained encoding of overlaps . 
G:  Uh , then it would be very  these people would be very good to shift over to finer grain encoding of overlaps . 
G:  It 's just a matter of , you know , providing  
G:  So if right now you have two overlapping segments in the same time 
G:  bin , well with  with the improvement in the database  in  in the , uh , sorry , in the interface , it 'd be possible to , um , you know , just do a click and drag thing , and get the  uh , the specific place of each of those , the time tag associated with the beginning and end of  of each segment . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  The types of overlaps  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Also if you 're dealing with consonants that would be easier than vowels , 
G:  wouldn't it ? 
G:  I mean , I would think that  that , uh , being able to code that there 's a  a fricative extending from here to here would be a lot easier than classifying precisely which vowel that was . 
G:  I think vowels  vowels are I think harder . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm , OK . 
G:  Yeah , I 'm sure . 
G:  Uh , yeah , I  I know . 
G:  That 's nice . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Excellent . 
G:  It 's a nice balance . 
G:  That would be really nice to offer those things with that wide range . 
G:  Really nice . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Cool . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Good . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Also it does seem like it takes us way out of the demographic . 
G:  I mean , it seems like we  we had this idea before of having like linguistics students brought down for free lunches 
G:  and that 's a nice idea . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . That 's right . 
G:  Of course some of that can be li done lexically . 
G:  And I also  they are doing disfluency tagging to some degree already . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  They 'd be really good . 
G:  They 're  they 're very  they 're very consistent . 
G:  Uh , I wanted to  whi while we 're  Uh , so , to return just briefly to this question of more meeting data , 
G:  um  I have two questions . 
G:  One of them is , um , Jerry Feldman 's group , 
G:  they  they , uh , are they  
G:  I know that they recorded one meeting . 
G:  Are they willing ? 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Oh . 
G:  That 's important . 
G:  Joe Sokol ? 
G:  We might be able to get the administration  
G:  I see that Lila has a luncheon meeting in here periodically . 
G:  I don't know  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah , 
G:  of course there is this problem though , that if we give them the chance to excise later we e <laugh> might end up with like five minutes out of a f   of m one hour 
G:  of   Yes . Really . 
G:  Well there was this K P F A 
G:  but  
G:  OK . 
G:  OK , 
G:  OK . 
G:  And I had one other  one other aspect of this 
G:  which is , um , uh , uh , Jonathan Fiscus expressed primar uh y a major interest in having meetings which were all English speakers . 
G:  Now he wasn't trying to shape us in terms of what we gather 
G:  but that 's what he wanted me to show him . 
G:  So I 'm giving him our , um  our initial meeting 
G:  because he asked for all English . 
G:  And I think we don't have a lot of all English meetings right now . 
G:  That 's what I mean , yeah . 
G:  He doesn't care . 
G:  No . Eh , well , British is OK . 
G:  But  but  
G:  Sure , sure , sure . 
G:  Yeah . Different varieties of English . 
G:  Native speaking . Native speaking English . 
G:  Yes . 
G:  Oh , really . 
G:  That 's funny . 
G:  Alright . 
G:  And so that would make sense . 
G:  I didn't have the context of that . 
G:  All America , OK . 
G:  I think that the  Feldman 's meetings tend to be more that way , 
G:  aren't they ? 
G:  I mean , I sort of feel like they have  
G:  It 's be fun . 
G:  We could get Julia Child . 
G:  I know . 
G:  It 'd be fun to get like a  a p visit from the  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Pre - processing . 
G:  You know , this does like seem like it would relate to some of what Jose 's been working on as well , 
G:  the encoding of the  
G:  And  and he also , he was  
G:  I was t I was trying to remember , you have this interface where you  i you ha you showed us one time on your laptop 
G:  that you  you had different visual displays as speech and nonspeech events . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Oh , I w Uh - huh . 
G:  Well , you 're saying  So , uh , symbols for differences between laugh , and sigh , and  and  and slam the door and stuff ? 
G:  Or some other kind of thing ? 
G:  Well , I wouldn't say <outbreath> symbols so much . 
G:  The  the main change that I  that I see in the interface is  is just that we 'll be able to more finely c uh , time things . 
G:  But I  I also st there was another aspect of your work that I was thinking about when I was talking to you 
G:  which is that it sounded to me , Liz , as though you  
G:  and , uh , maybe I didn't q understand this , 
G:  but it sounded to me as though part of the analysis that you 're doing involves taking segments which are of a particular type and putting them together . 
G:  And th so if you have like a p a s you know , speech from one speaker ,  then you cut out the part that 's not that speaker , 
G:  and you combine segments from  that same speaker to   and run them through the recognizer . 
G:  Is that  right ? 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Cuz i 
G:  OK . 
G:  OK . 
G:  OK . 
