A:  because it forces the Meeting Recorder people to cut , you know  the discussions short . 
A:  OK , we 're recording . 
A:  Well , you know what ? 
A:  If you have an " if - then " phrase , do you know what the " then " phrase is called ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  No , but  
A:  No ! 
A:  Just , uh , as a  sort of a mental bridge , I 'm not  I 'm skipping fourth of July . 
A:  So , uh , <laugh> right afterwards I 'm back . 
A:  Uh , I 've had it often enough . 
A:  Do you want to do the same for space ? 
A:  Space ? 
A:  Here ? 
A:  Now ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Hmm , 
A:  well this  this basically would involve everything you can imagine to fit under your C dot something  
A:  you know , where  where it 's contextually dependent , 
A:  " what is now , 
A:  what was past , 
A:  what is in the future , 
A:  where is this , 
A:  what is here , 
A:  what is there , 
A:  what is  " 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  I can say two things about the f 
A:  Maybe you want to forget stress . 
A:  This  my f 
A:  No , as  as  Just don't  don't think about it . 
A:  If  
A:  canonically speaking you can  if you look at a  a curve over sentence , you can find out where a certain stress is 
A:  and say , " hey , that 's my focus exponent . " 
A:  It doesn't tell you anything what the focus is . 
A:  If it 's just that thing , 
A:  a little bit more or the whole phrase . 
A:  Um  
A:  The form bit 
A:  because , uh , as a form cue , um , not even trained experts can always  well , they can tell you where the focus exponent is sometimes . 
A:  And that 's also mostly true for read speech . 
A:  In  in real speech , um , people may put stress . 
A:  It 's so d context dependent on what was there before , phrase ba breaks , um , restarts . 
A:  It 's just , um  
A:  it 's absurd . 
A:  It 's complicated . 
A:  And all  
A:  Or  or map from the contour to  to what the focus exponent is . 
A:  But , uh , if you don't know what you 're  what you 're focus is then you 're  you 're hopeless - uh - ly lost anyways , 
A:  and the only way of figuring out what that is , <laugh> is , um , by sort of generating all the possible alternatives to each focused element , decide which one in that context makes sense and which one doesn't . 
A:  And then you 're left with a couple three . 
A:  So , you know , again , that 's something that h humans can do , 
A:  um , but far outside the scope of  of any  anything . 
A:  So . 
A:  You know . 
A:  It 's  
A:  u u 
A:  But it 's  it 's  what it  uh , it 's pretty easy to put it in the formalism , though . 
A:  I mean , because 
A:  you can just say whatever stuff , " i is the container being focused or the  the entire whatever , both , and so forth . " 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  So we talked about that a little bit this morning . 
A:  " John is on the bus , 
A:  not Nancy . " 
A:  So that 's  focuses on John . 
A:  " John is on the bus and not on the train . " 
A:  " John is on the bus " versus " John is on the train . " 
A:  And " John is on the bus " versus " was " , and e 
A:  " it 's the bu " so e 
A:  All of these 
A:  and will we have  u 
A:  is it all the same constructions ? 
A:  Just with a different foc focus constituent ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  So 
A:  Yeah , well the  once you know what the focus is the  everything else is background . 
A:  How about " topic - comment " 
A:  that 's the other side of information . 
A:  Topic - comment . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm , hmm . 
A:  But  to make it m precise at least in my mind , uh , it 's not precise . 
A:  So " house " is gender neuter ? 
A:  In reality 
A:  or in  
A:  semantically . 
A:  So  
A:  No , just to make sure that we  everybody that 's  completely agreed that it  it has nothing to do with , uh , form . 
A:  Then " predications " makes sense to  to have it open for something like , uh , accessibility or not . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh , i i i is there any meaning to when you have sort of parameters behind it and when you don't ? 
A:  Just means  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Uh , just  just , uh , look  read uh even sem semi formal Mats Rooth . 
A:  If you haven't read it . It 's nice . 
A:  And just pick any paper on alternative semantics . 
A:  So that 's his  that 's the best way of talking about focus , is I think his way . 
A:  Mats . 
A:  MATS . 
A:  Rooth . 
A:  I think two O 's , 
A:  yes , TH . 
A:  I never know how to pronounce his name 
A:  because he 's sort of , 
A:  uh , he is Dutch 
A:  and , um  but very confused background I think . 
A:  So  and , um , 
A:  And sadly enough he also just left the IMS in Stuttgart . 
A:  So he 's not there anymore . 
A:  But , um  
A:  I don't know where he is right now 
A:  but alternative semantics is  if you type that into an , uh , uh , browser or search engine you 'll get tons of stuff . 
A:  And what I 'm kind of confused about is  is what the speaker and the hearer is  is sort of doing there . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , but you  Don't we ultimately want to handle that analogously to the way we handle time and place , 
A:  because " you " , " me " , " he " , " they " , 
A:  you know , " these guys " , 
A:  all these expressions , nuh , are in  in much the same way contextually dependent as " here , " and " now , " and " there "  
A:  Ah ! 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  That 's up at the reference part . 
A:  And down there in the speaker - hearer part ? 
A:  You know , uh , uh , it 's  the speaker may  in English is allowed to say " I . " 
A:  Uh , among the twenty - five percent most used words . 
A:  But wouldn't the " I " then set up the  the s s referent  
A:  that happens to be the speaker this time 
A:  and not " they , " whoever they are . 
A:  Or " you "  
A:  much like the " you " could n 
A:  Well , not  not always . 
A:  I mean , so there 's " and then he said , I w " Uh - huh . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Twhhh - whhh . 
A:  But  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And I 'm sure gonna read the transcript of this one . 
A:  So . 
A:  But the , uh ,  <laugh> But it 's too bad that we don't have a camera . 
A:  You know , all the pointing is gonna be lost . 
A:  Uh . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mmm , isn't  I mean , I 'm  I was sort of dubious why  why he even introduces this sort of reality , you know , as your basic mental space 
A:  and then builds up  
A:  d doesn't start with some  because it 's so obvi it should be so obvious , at least it is to me ,  that whenever I say something I could preface that with " I think . " 
A:  Nuh ? 
A:  So there should be no categorical difference between your base and all the others that ensue . 
A:  Yeah , it 's  Absolutely . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , but about linguistic hedges , 
A:  I mean , those  those tend to be , um , funky anyways 
A:  because they blur  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Uh great word in the English language is called " about " . 
A:  If you study how people use that it 's also  
A:  " about . " 
A:  It 's about  
A:  clever . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  But it  
A:  i isn't that part easy though 
A:  because in terms of the s simspec , it would just mean you put one more set of brack brackets around it , 
A:  and then just tell it to sort of negate whatever the content of that is in terms of irony 
A:  or  
A:  Well , I also think the detailed discussion will hit  you know , bring us to problems that are of a general nature 
A:  and maybe even  
A:  even suggest some solutions . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  We have a little bit of news , uh , just minor stuff . 
A:  The one big  
A:  Huh ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Oh , just small stuff . 
A:  Um , thanks to Eva on our web site we can now , 
A:  if you want to run JavaBayes , uh , you could see  get  download these classes . 
A:  And then it will enable you  
A:  she modified the GUI so it has now a m a m a button menu item for saving it into the embedded JavaBayes format . 
A:  So that 's wonderful . 
A:  And , um and she , a You tested it out . 
A:  Do you want to say something about that , that it works , right ? 
A:  With the  
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  OK , that 's  that 's a bit unfortunate 
A:  but 
A:  for the time being it 's  it 's  it 's fine to do it  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  But uh  
A:  Well that 's  probably maybe in the long term that 's good news 
A:  because it forces us to think a little bit more carefully how  how we want to get an out output . 
A:  Um , but that 's a different discussion for a different time . 
A:  And , um , 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  We 're really running late , 
A:  so I had , uh , an idea yesterday 
A:  but , uh , I don't know whether we should even start discussing . 
A:  Um , the construal bit that , um , has been pointed to but hasn't been , um , made precise by any means , um , may w may work as follows . 
A:  I thought that we would , uh  
A:  that the following thing would be in incredibly nice 
A:  and I have no clue whether it will work at all or nothing . 
A:  So that 's just a tangent , a couple of mental disclaimers here . 
A:  Um , imagine you  you write a Bayes - net , 
A:  um  
A:  Bayes - net , 
A:  um , completely from scratch every time you do construal . 
A:  So you have nothing . 
A:  Just a white piece of paper . 
A:  You consult  consult your ontology 
A:  which will tell you a bunch of stuff , and parts , and properties , uh - uh - uh 
A:  then y you 'd simply write , uh , these into  onto your  your white piece of paper . 
A:  And you will get a lot of notes and stuff out of there . 
A:  You won't get  you won't really get any C P 
A:  T 's , therefore we need everything that  that configures to what the situation is , 
A:  IE , the context dependent stuff . 
A:  So you get whatever comes from discourse 
A:  but also filtered . 
A:  Uh , so only the ontology relevant stuff from the discourse 
A:  plus the situation and the user model . 
A:  And that fills in your CPT 's with which you can then query , um , the  the net that you just wrote 
A:  and find out how thing X is construed as an utterance U . 
A:  And the embedded JavaBayes works exactly like that , 
A:  that once you  
A:  we have , you know , precise format in which to write it , 
A:  so we write it down . 
A:  You query it . 
A:  You get the result , 
A:  and you throw it away . 
A:  And the  the nice thing about this idea is that you don't ever have to sit down and think about it or write about it . 
A:  You may have some general rules as to how things can be  can be construed as what , so that will allow you to craft the  the  the initial notes . 
A:  But it 's  in that respect it 's completely scalable . 
A:  Because it doesn't have any prior , um , configuration . 
A:  It 's just you need an ontology of the domain 
A:  and you need the context dependent modules . 
A:  And if this can be made to work at all , <laugh> that 'd be kind of funky . 
A:  P R Ms - uh , PRM 
A:  I mean , since you can unfold a PRM into a straightforward Bayes - net  
A:  Then you can . 
A:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
A:  No , I was m using it generic . 
A:  So , uh , probabilistic , whatever , relational models . 
A:  Whatever you write it . 
A:  In  
A:  And then  then instantiate them . 
A:  That 's ma maybe the  the way  the only way it works . 

A:  But , uh , 
A:  Except there 's no  no theorem prover involved . 
A:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
A:  What 's it ? 
A:  Yes . 
A:  Um . 
A:  In the process thereof , or whatever . 
A:  Fri - uh , 
A:  Thursday 's my last day here . 
A:  So  
A:  I would suggest as soon as possible . 
A:  Do you mean by we , the whole ben gang ? 
A:  We can do it Th - Thursday again . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Sure . 
A:  Thursday at one ? 
A:  I can also maybe then sort of run through the , uh  the talk I have to give at EML 
A:  which highlights all of our work . 
A:  And we can make some last minute changes on that . 
A:  No . 
A:  But we can do four . 
A:  One or four . 
A:  I don't care . 
A:  If it 's equal for all ? 
A:  What should we do ? 
A:  Four ? 
A:  It 's equal to all of us , 
A:  so you can decide 
A:  one or four . 
A:  Liz actually said she likes four 
A:  because it forces the Meeting Recorder people to cut , you know  the discussions short . 
