D:  Bhaskara . 
D:  How many batteries do you go through ? 
D:  " I am Sm - I am Smarticus " is what it 's saying . 
D:  I gue 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So . Bu - Uh , i The way the uh , the dialogue manager works is it dumps out what it wants to know , or what it wants to tell the person , to a  er in XML 
D:  and there 's a conversion system for different uh , to go from XML to something else . 
D:  And th so , the knowledge base for the system , that generates the syntasti syntactic structures for the ge generation is uh , in a LISP - like  the knowledge base is in a LISP - like form . 
D:  And then the thing that actually builds these syntactic structures is something based on Prolog . 
D:  So , you have a  basically , a goal 
D:  and it , you know , says " OK , well I 'm gonna try to do the Greet - the - person goal , 
D:  so it just starts  uh , it binds some variables and it just decides to , you know , do some subscold . 
D:  Basically , it just means " build the tree . " 
D:  And then it passes the tree onto , uh , the ge the generation module . 
D:  We 
D:  yeah . 
D:  So , the syntax trees are very simple . 
D:  It 's like most of the sentences in one tree , 
D:  and instead of , you know , breaking down to , like , small units and building back up , they basically took the sentences , and basically cut them in half , or you know , into thirds or something like that , and made trees out of those . 
D:  And so uh , uh Tilman wrote a little tool that you could take LISP notation and generate an XML , uh , tree . Uh , S what do ca structure from the  from the LISP . 
D:  And so basically you just say , you know , " noun goes to " , you know , 
D:  Er , nah , I don't re I 've never been good at those . 
D:  So there 's like the VP goes to N and those things in LISP , and it will generate for you . 
D:  Why  I had  I did need to chan generate different trees than the German ones , 
D:  mainly because you know like uh , the gerund in  in German is automatically taken care of with just a regular verb , 
D:  so I 'd uh have to add " am walking , " 
D:  or I 'd have to add a little stem for the " am " , when I build the  built the tree . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well Tilman s 
D:  OK , you know how to do it ? 
D:  You should probably move the microphone closer to your face . 
D:  There 's like a little  The twisty thing , you can move it with . 
D:  Wa 
D:  uh  
D:  To some de 
D:  uh what  what part of th the SmartKom stuff ? 
D:  Oh yeah  yeah . 
D:  Yeah , I  
D:  I did look into that , uh in terms of , you know , exploding the nodes out and down ag 
D:  JavaBayes does not support that . 
D:  I can imagine a way of hacking at the code to do that . 
D:  It 'd probably take two weeks or so to actually go through and do it , 
D:  and I went through all the other packages on Murph - Kevin Murphy 's page , 
D:  and I couldn't find the necessary mix of free and uh with the GUI and , with this thing that we want . 
D:  OK . 
D:  OK , so then I 'll go back and look at the ones on the list that  
D:  Mmm . 
D:  How do you spell that ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Oh no . 
D:  No sir . 
D:  Nnn . 
D:  This  Well , I 've  I have projects , but then the  my prof professor of one of my classes also wa has a final that he 's giving us . 
D:  And he 's giving us five days to do it which means it going to be hard . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Aikin , Alex , yeah . 
D:  So , the seventeenth will definitely be the last day , like it or not for me . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Hi 
D:  Wednesday 's much better for me , yeah . 
D:  Bhaskara . 
