E:  I guess . 
A:  OK , we 're on . 
A:  So just make sure that th your wireless mike is on , 
A:  if you 're wearing a wireless . 
E:  Check one . Check one . 
A:  <door slams> 
C:  <outbreath> 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  And you should be able to see which one  which one you 're on by , uh , watching the little bars change . 
B:  So , which is my bar ?  Mah !  
B:  Number one . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  Yep . 
E:  Sibilance . Sibilance .  
A:  So , actually , if you guys wanna go ahead and read digits now , as long as you 've signed the consent form , that 's alright . 
E:  Are we supposed to read digits at the same time ? 
A:  No . 
E:  Oh , OK . 
A:  No . Each individually . We 're talking about doing all at the same time but I think cognitively that would be really difficult . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  To try to read them while everyone else is . 
E:  Everyone would need extreme focus . 
A:  So , when you 're reading the digit strings , the first thing to do is just say which transcript you 're on . 
C:  Other way .  
C:  We m 
C:  We may wind up with ver 
C:  We  we may need versions of all this garbage . 
B:  For our stuff . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Um . 
A:  So the first thing you 'd wanna do is just say which transcript you 're on . So . 
C:  Yeah . <outbreath> 
A:  You can see the transcript ? There 's two large number strings on the digits ? 
A:  So you would just read that one . 
A:  And then you read each line with a small pause between the lines . 
A:  And the pause is just so the person transcribing it can tell where one line ends and the other begins . And I 'll give  I 'll read the digit strings first , so can see how that goes . 
A:  Um . <long outbreath> 
A:  Again , I 'm not sure how much I should talk about  
A:  stuff before everyone 's here . 
C:  Mmm . Well , we have one more coming . 
A:  OK .  
A:  Well , why don't I go ahead and read digit strings and then we can go on from there . 
A:  Thanks .  
A:  So , uh , just also a note on wearing the microphones . All of you look like you 're 
A:  doing it reasonably correctly , but you want it about two thumb widths away from your mouth , 
A:  and then , at the corner . 
F:  <mike noise> 
A:  And that 's so that you minimize breath sounds , 
A:  so that when you 're breathing , you don't breathe into the mike . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Yeah , that 's good . 
A:  And uh  
A:  So , everyone needs to fill out , 
A:  only once , the speaker form and the consent form . <papers rustling> 
A:  And the short form  
A:  I mean , you should read the consent form , but 
F:  <clears throat> 
A:  uh , the thing to notice is that we will give you an opportunity 
A:  to edit a all the transcripts . 
A:  So , if you say things and you don't want them to be released to the general public , 
A:  which , these will be available at some point to anyone who wants them , 
A:  uh , 
A:  you 'll be given an opportunity by email , 
A:  uh , to bleep out any portions you don't like . 
A:  Um . 
A:  On the speaker form just fill out as much of the information as you can . 
A:  If you 're not exactly sure about the region , 
A:  we 're not exactly sure either . So , don't worry too much about it .  The  It 's just self rating . 
A:  Um . 
A:  And I think that 's about it . 
A:  I mean , should I  
A:  Do you want me to talk at all about why we 're doing this and what this project is ? or  ?  
C:  Um , yeah . No . There was  there was  Let 's see . 
C:  Oh  
E:  Does Nancy know that we 're meeting in here ? 
C:  She got an emai she was notified . 
B:  I sent an email . 
E:  Oh yeah , she got an e Yeah , yeah . 
C:  Whether she knows <laugh> is another question . 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  Um . 
C:  So are the people going to be identified by name ? 
A:  Well , what we 're gonna  we 'll anonymize it in the transcript . 
C:  Right . 
A:  Um , but not in the audio . 
C:  OK . So , then in terms of people worrying about , 
A:  So the 
C:  uh , excising 
C:  things from the transcript , it 's unlikely . 
C:  Since it  it does isn't attributed . 
C:  Oh , I see , but the a but the  but the  
A:  Right , so if I said , " Oh , hi Jerry , how are you ? " , we 're not gonna go through and cancel out the " Jerry "s . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Sure . 
A:  Um , so we will go through and , in the speaker ID tags there 'll be , you know , M - one O seven , M - one O eight . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
A:  Um , but uh , 
A:  um , it w uh , I don't know a good way of doing it on the audio , and still have people who are doing discourse research be able to use the data . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Mm - hmm . No , I  I wasn't complaining , I just wanted to understand . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Right . 
C:  OK . 
B:  Well , we can make up aliases for each of us . 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , I mean , whatever you wanna do is fine , but we find that  We want the meeting to be as natural as possible . 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  Right . 
F:  OK .  <laugh> 
C:  OK .  
A:  So , we 're trying to do real meetings . 
A:  And so we don't wanna have to do aliases and we don't want people to be editing what they say . 
C:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
A:  So I think that it 's better just as a pro post - process to edit out every time you bash Microsoft . You know ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  Right . 
C:  Um , OK . So why don't you tell us briefly 
C:  your  give  give your e normal schpiel . 
A:  OK . So th 
A:  Um . 
A:  So this is  The project is called Meeting Recorder and there are lots of different aspects of the project . Um . 
A:  So my particular interest is in the PDA of the future . 
A:  This is a mock - up of one . Yes , we do believe the PDA of the future will be made of wood . 
A:  Um .  
A:  The idea is that you 'd be able to put a PDA at the table at an impromptu meeting , 
A:  and record it , 
A:  and then be able to do querying and retrieval later on , on the meeting . 
A:  So that 's my particular interest , is a portable device to do m uh , information retrieval on meetings . 
A:  Other people are interested in other aspects of meetings . 
A:  Um . So the first step on that , in any of these , is to collect some data . 
A:  And so what we wanted is a room that 's instrumented with both 
A:  the table top microphones , and these are very high quality pressure zone mikes , 
A:  as well as the close talking mikes . 
A:  What the close talk ng talking mikes gives us is some ground truth , 
A:  gives us , um , high quality audio , 
A:  um , especially for people who aren't interested in the acoustic parts of this corpus . So , for people who are more interested in language , 
A:  we didn't want to penalize them by having only the far field mikes available . 
A:  And then also , um , it 's a very , very hard task in terms of speech recognition . 
A:  Um . 
A:  And so , uh , on the far field mikes we can expect very low recognition results . 
A:  So we wanted the near field mikes to at least isolate the difference between the two . 
A:  So that 's why we 're recording in parallel with the close talking and the far field at the same time . 
A:  And then , all these channels are recorded simultaneously and framed synchronously so that you can also do things like , um , beam - forming on all the microphones and do research like that . 
A:  Our intention is to release this data to the public , 
A:  um , probably through f through a body like the LDC . 
A:  And , uh , just make it as a generally available corpus . 
A:  Um . 
A:  <mouth> There 's other work going on in meeting recording . So , we 're  we 're working with SRI , 
A:  with UW , 
A:  Um . 
A:  NIST has started an effort which will include video . 
A:  We 're not including video , obviously . 
A:  And uh  
A:  and then also , um , a small amount of assistance from IBM . 
A:  Is also involved . 
A:  <mouth> 
A:  Um . Oh , and the digit strings , this is just a more constrained task . Um . 
A:  So because the general environment is so challenging , we decided to  to do at least one set of digit strings 
A:  to give ourselves something easier . And it 's exactly the same digit strings as in TI - digits , which is a 
A:  common connected digits corpus . So we 'll have some , um , comparison to be able to be made . 
C:  OK . 
A:  Anything else ? 
C:  No . 
A:  OK , so when the l last person comes in , just have them wear a wireless . It should be on already . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Either one of those . And uh , read the digit strings and  and fill out the forms . So , the most important form is the consent form , so just be s be sure everyone signs that , if they consent . 
B:  I 'm sure it 's pretty usual for meetings that people come late , so you will have to leave what you set . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  And uh , just give me a call , which , my number 's up there when your meeting is over . 
C:  Yep . 
A:  And  I 'm going to leave the mike here but it 's n 
A:  <mike noise> 
A:  Uh , but I 'm not gonna be on so don't have them use this one . 
C:  <breath> 
A:  It 'll just be sitting here .  
A:  Thank you .  
B:  Input ?  
B:  Yeah . There we go . 
C:  By the way , Adam , we will be using the , uh , 
B:  Yep . 
B:  <tapping sounds> 
C:  screen as well . So , you know .  
B:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  Wow ! <outbreath> <lateral tongue click>  
B:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  Organization . 
topic_description:	opening


A:  So this is transcript three six five one three six seven O .  
A:  Three  
A:  five one nine O three  
A:  six four O two three O eight  
A:  seven three nine  
A:  eight seven five nine  
A:  Uh , strike that . Eight seven nine five .  
A:  nine  
A:  O O six one  
A:  zero zero one  
A:  two two  
A:  three five  
A:  four five one O five two one  
A:  Uh , five six four seven  
A:  six  
A:  seven  
A:  eight O two one four  
A:  O four six  
A:  zero five five eight zero two eight .  
A:  one six eight two eight  
A:  two nine  
A:  three .  
B:  <mike noise> <coughs> <mike noise> 
C:  OK . Well , we can start doing it . 
B:  OK . This is Transcript three six three one three six five O .  
B:  three one five  
B:  four two nine seven six three nine  
B:  five seven one  
B:  six seven four four six  
B:  seven  
B:  eight  
B:  nine zero four three  
B:  zero two four nine two six nine  
B:  one seven four one  
B:  two three four zero four seven nine  
B:  three seven  
B:  four  
B:  five  
B:  six  
B:  eight three O nine  
B:  nine three four seven  
B:  O seven  
B:  zero nine O - one seven  
B:  one  
B:  two .  
C:  This is transcript three five seven one three five nine O .  
C:  Zero nine six zero .  
C:  One .  
C:  Two .  
C:  Three zero zero zero .  
F:  <mike noise> 
C:  Five one two .  
C:  Six four O one nine .  
C:  Seven three .  
C:  Eight eight eight .  
C:  Nine .  
C:  O .  
C:  Zero zero three one two nine eight .  
C:  Two three five  
C:  three three O .  
C:  Four nine  
C:  Four nine one zero five zero seven .  
C:  Six .  
C:  Seven O five three one .  
C:  Eight zero six two zero .  
C:  O one five .  
C:  Zero three eight three two .  
E:  This is transcript three five nine one three six one zero .  
E:  one four  
E:  two six six  
E:  three six five zero  
E:  four  
E:  five O five six  
E:  seven two  
E:  eight four  
E:  nine nine nine O O  
E:  O  
E:  zero eight eight three  
E:  one  
E:  two  
E:  four one five seven five O one  
E:  five three two O six six eight  
E:  six seven two six four nine one  
E:  seven six zero zero eight eight nine  
E:  eight seven eight five  
E:  nine  
E:  O O  
E:  one two eight O .  
F:  This is transcript three five five one , three five seven O .  
F:  O nine O eight O two O  
F:  zero  
F:  one O O seven four  
F:  three four zero one  
F:  four two one eight  
F:  five four seven eight eight  
F:  six eight two  
F:  seven  
F:  eight O six six four five O  
F:  nine zero  
F:  zero one  
F:  one five  
F:  two six O  
F:  three  
F:  four seven six three one zero zero  
F:  five  
F:  six  
F:  eight two seven  
F:  nine two nine five nine  
F:  O four two three .  
topic_description:	digit task


C:  So you guys who got email about this  oh f uh , Friday or something about what we 're up to . 
E:  No . 
F:  No . 
B:  I got it . 
E:  What was the nature of the email ? 
C:  Oh , this was about  
C:  um , inferring intentions from features in context , 
C:  and the words , like " s go to see " , or " visit " , or some 
B:  Wel - we I  uh  I  I  @ @  
C:  You didn't get it ? 
E:  I don't think I did . 
C:  I guess these g have got better filters . 
C:  Cuz I sent it to everybody . 
C:  You just blew it off . OK . 
E:  Ah . 
C:  <breath-laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  It 's really simple though . So this is the idea . 
C:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  Um . 
B:  We could pursue , 
B:  um , 
B:  if we thought it 's  it 's worth it but , uh , I think we  we will agree on that , 
B:  um , to come up with a  with a sort of very , very first crude prototype , 
B:  And the places where you will lead them for these intentions 
B:  are sometimes ex in incredibly different . I  I gave an example where the point where you end up if you want to look at it is completely different from where  if you want to enter it . <inbreath> 
B:  So , this is sort of how people may , uh  may phrase those requests to a  a  a mock - up system at least that 's the way they did it . 
B:  And we get tons of  of these " how do I get to " , " I want to go to " , but also , " give me directions to " , and " I would like to see " . 
B:  And um , 
B:  what we can sort of do , if we look closer a closer at the  the data  
B:  That was the wrong one .   
C:   
B:  My suggestion is really simple . 
B:  We start with , um  
B:  Now , 
B:  Let me , uh , say one more thing . What we do know , is that the parser we use in the SmartKom system will never differentiate between any of these . 
B:  So , basically all of these things will result in the same 
C:  <inbreath> 
B:  XML M - three - L structure . 
B:  Sort of action " go " , and then an object . Yeah ? and a source . So it 's  it 's  it 's way too crude to d 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  capture those differences in intentions . 
B:  So , I thought , " Mmm ! Maybe for a deep understanding task , that 's a nice sort of playground or first little thing . " 
F:  Now @ @ this email that you sent , actually . 
C:  What ? 
F:  Now I remember the email . <laugh> 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  OK . 
E:  Huh . Still , I have no 
E:  recollection whatsoever of the email . I 'll have to go back and check . 
C:  Not important . 
B:  Hmm .  
B:  But , only w 
C:  Hold on a s Hold on a second . 
B:  Muh . 
C:  So , I know . Uh , uh , is it clear what 's going on here ? 
F:  Yep . 
D:  Um , I missed the beginning , but , um 
D:  I guess  could you back to the slide , the previous one ? So , is it that it 's , um  
D:  These are all factors that uh , a 
D:  These are the ones that you said that we are going to ignore now ? or that we want to 
D:  <mouth> 
D:  take into account ? You were saying 
D:  n 
C:  Take them into account . 
D:  Take the  the linguistic factors too . 
C:  But  but you don't worry about  h 
D:  Oh , how to extract these features . OK . 
C:  how to extract them . 
C:  So , f let 's find out which ones we need first , 
D:  Got it . 
D:  OK . 
C:  uh , I think you all know this , but we are going to actually use this little room 
C:  and start recording subjects 
C:  probably within a month or something . So , 
C:  this is not 
C:  any  lo any of you guys ' worry , except that 
C:  we may want to push that effort to get information we need . 
C:  So our job <mouth> 
C:  is to figure out how to solve these problems . 
C:  If it turns out that we need data of a certain sort , then 
C:  the sort of data collection branch 
C:  can be , uh , asked to do that . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  And one of the reasons why we 're recording the meeting for these guys is cuz we want their help 
C:  when we d we start doing uh , recording of subjects . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  So , yeah  y you 're absolutely right , though . No , you  you will not have , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  and there it is , and , uh  
C:  But you know , y y 
C:  the , um  
topic_description:	inferring intentions from features in context


B:  and do some implementation work , and do some  some research , and some modeling . So the idea is 
B:  if you want to go somewhere , 
B:  <mouth> um , and 
B:  focus on that object down  
B:  Oh , I can actually walk with this . This is nice .  
B:  down here .  
B:  That 's the Powder - Tower . 
B:  Now , um , 
B:  <mouth> we found in our , uh , 
B:  data and from experiments , that 
B:  there 's three things you can do . 
C:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  Um , 
B:  you can walk 
B:  this way , 
B:  and come really , really close to it . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  And touch it . 
B:  But you cannot enter or do anything else . Unless you 're interested in rock climbing , 
B:  it won't do you no good standing there . It 's just a dark alley . But you can touch it . 
B:  If you want to actually go up or into the tower , you have to go this way , and then through some buildings and up some stairs and so forth . 
B:  If you actually want to see 
B:  the tower , 
B:  and that 's what actually most people want to do , is just have a good look of it , take a picture for the family ,  
B:  you have to go this way , and go up here . 
B:  And there you have a vre really view  It exploded , the  during the Thirty - years - war . Really uh , interesting sight . 
E:  Mmm . 
B:  And um , 
B:  these uh  
B:  these lines are , um , paths , or so 
B:  That 's ab er , i 
B:  the street network of our geographic information system . 
B:  And you can tell that we 
B:  deliberately cut out this part . 
B:  Because otherwise we couldn't get our GIS system to take  to lead people this way . 
B:  It would always use the closest point to the object , and then the tourists would be faced , you know , in front of a wall , but it would do them absolutely no good . 
B:  So , <clears throat> 
B:  what we found interesting is , first of all , 
B:  intentions differ . 
B:  Maybe you want to enter a building . 
B:  Maybe you want to see it , take a picture of it . 
B:  Or maybe you actually want to come as close as possible to the building . For whatever reason that may be . 
E:  What 's it  what 's it made out of ? 
B:  Um , r red limestone .  
E:  So maybe you would wanna touch it . 
B:  Yeah , maybe you would want to touch it . Um . 
B:  Okay , I  This , um  
B:  These intentions , we  w w we could , 
B:  if we want to , 
B:  call it the  the Vista mode , 
B:  where we just want to  eh  s get the overview or look at it ,  
B:  the Enter mode , 
B:  and the , well , Tango mode . I always come up with  with silly names . So this " Tango " means , literally translated , " to touch " . 
B:  <mouth> So  But sometimes the  the Tango mode is really relevant in the  in the sense that , um , 
B:  if you want to , uh  
B:  If you don't have the intention of entering your building , 
B:  but you know that something is really close to it , 
B:  and you just want to approach it , or get to that building . 
B:  Consider , for example , the Post Office in Chicago , a building so large that it has its own zip code . 
B:  So the entrance could be miles away 
B:  from the closest point . 
B:  So sometimes it m 
B:  m m makes sense maybe to d to distinguish there . 
B:  So , um , 
B:  I 've looked , uh , through 
B:  twenty some  
B:  Uh , I didn't look through all the data .  
B:  um , and there  there 's uh , a lot more different 
B:  ways in people  uh , the ways people phrase how to g 
B:  get  
B:  if they want to get to a certain place . 
B:  And sometimes here it 's b it 's a little bit more obvious  
B:  Um . <breath-laugh> 
B:  Maybe I should go back a couple of steps and go through the  
C:  No , OK come in , sit down . If you grab yourself a microphone . 
D:  OK . 
B:  You need to sign some stuff and read some digits . 
D:  <mike noise> 
C:  Well , you can sign afterwards . 
B:  O or later . 
D:  OK .  
E:  You have to al also have to read some digits . 
C:  Afterwards . 
D:  OK . Afterwards is fine .  
D:  <mike noise> 
D:  OK , go ahead . 
B:  They are uncomfortable . 
D:  @ @ Small ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Really small ? OK . I see . 
D:  OK . 
B:  Yep .  
D:  Thank you . 
B:  OK , but that was our idea . Is  
C:  And it  it  it  it it also has to be switched on , Nance . 
E:  No , that one 's already on , I thought he said . Yeah . 
B:  I  I think  
C:  It 's on ? OK , good . 
D:  OK . It 's on . 
B:  <mouth> OK . That was the idea . Um , people , when they w when they want to go to a building , sometimes they just want to look at it . 
B:  Sometimes they want to enter it . And sometimes they want to get really close to it . 
B:  That 's something we found . 
B:  It 's just a truism . 
topic_description:	building example


B:  <inbreath> um , we can look at some factors that may make a difference .  
B:  First of all , 
B:  very important , and um , that  
B:  I 've completely forgot that when we talked . 
B:  This is of course a crucial factor , " what type of object is it ? " 
B:  So , some buildings you just don't want to take pictures of . 
B:  Or very rarely . 
B:  But you usually want to enter them . 
B:  Some objects are more picturesque , 
B:  and you  more f more highly photographed . Then of course the  
B:  the actual phrases may give us some idea of what the person wants . 
B:  Um . 
B:  Sometimes I found in the  Uh , looking at the data , 
B:  in a superficial way , I found some s sort of modifiers that  
B:  that m may also give us a hint , um , 
B:  " I 'm trying to get to " 
C:   
B:  Nuh ? " I need to get to " . 
B:  Sort of hints to the fact that you 're not really 
B:  sightseeing and  and just f there for pleasure and so forth and so on . 
B:  And this leads us straight to the context 
C:  <blows nose, off mike> 
B:  which also should be considered . That whatever it is you 're doing at the moment may also inter 
B:  influence the interpretation of  of a phrase . So , this is , uh , really uh , uh , uh  
topic_description:	factors that may make a difference


B:  Where we can start it and n sort of look  " OK , we need , we gonna get those M - three - L structures . The crude , undifferentiated parse . 
B:  Interpreted input . 
B:  We may need additional part of speech , or maybe just some information on the verb , and modifiers , auxiliaries . 
B:  We 'll see . And I will try to  to sort of come up with a list of factors that we need to get out of there , and maybe we want to get a g switch for the context . 
B:  So this is not something which we can actually monitor , 
B:  <mouth> now , 
B:  but just is something we can set . 
B:  And then you can all imagine sort of a  a constrained satisfaction program , depending on  on what , um , comes out . 
B:  We want to have an  a structure resulting 
B:  if we feed it through a belief - net or  or something along those lines . 
B:  We 'd get an inferred intention , we  we produce a structure that differentiates between the Vista , the Enter , and the , 
B:  um , Tango mode . Which I think we maybe want to 
B:  ignore . But . 
B:  That 's my idea . It 's up for discussion . 
B:  We can change all of it , any bit of it . 
B:  Throw it all away . 
topic_description:	mn015's suggestion for changes to current parser


C:  So , what is important is that we 
C:  understand what the proposed task 
C:  is . 
C:  And , the  the i uh , Robert and I talked about this some on Friday . 
C:  And 
C:  we think it 's well - formed . 
C:  So we think it 's a well - formed , 
C:  uh , starter task for this , 
C:  uh , deeper understanding in the tourist domain . 
F:  So , where exactly is the , uh , deeper understanding being done ? Like I mean , s is it before the Bayes - net ? Is it , uh  
C:  Well , it 's the  it 's  it 's always all of it . 
C:  So , in general it 's always going to be , the answer is , 
C:  everywhere . 
C:  Uh , so the notion is that , uh , this isn't real deep . 
C:  But it 's deep enough that you can distinguish between these th three quite different kinds of , uh , going to see some tourist thing . 
D:  <clears throat> 
C:  And , so that 's  that 's the quote " deep " that we 're trying to get at . And , Robert 's point is that 
C:  the current front - end 
C:  doesn't give you any way to  Not only doesn't it do it , 
C:  but it also doesn't give you enough information to do it . It isn't like , if you just took what the front - end gives you , 
C:  and used some clever inference algorithm on it , you would be able to figure out which of these is going on . 
C:  So , 
C:  uh , and this is  Bu - I in general it 's gonna be true of any kind of deep understanding , there 's gonna be contextual things , there 're gonna be linguistic things , there 're gonna be discourse things , 
C:  and they gotta be combined . 
C:  And , my idea on how to combine them is with a belief - net , although it may turn out that t some totally different thing is gonna work better . 
B:  <inbreath> 
C:  Um , 
C:  the idea would be that 
B:  <keyboard clicks> 
C:  <mouth> 
C:  you , uh , 
C:  take your  
C:  <laugh> 
C:  You 're editing your slide ? 
B:  Yeah . As i a sort of , as I get ideas , uh w uh . 
C:  Oh . 
B:  So , discourse  I  I  I thought about that . Of course that needs to sort of go in there . 
C:  Oh . I 'm sorry . OK . So . This is minutes  taking minutes as we go , 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  Yep . 
C:  in his  in his own way .  
C:  Um , but the p the  Anyway . So the thing is , 
C:  <inbreath> i uh , d 
C:  naively speaking , 
C:  you 've  you 've got a  
C:  for this little task , a belief - net , 
C:  which is going to have as output , 
C:  the conditional pr probability of one of three things , 
C:  that the person wants to  uh , to View it , to Enter it , or to Tango with it . 
C:  Um . 
C:  So that  the  the output of the belief - net is 
C:  pretty well formed . 
C:  And , then the inputs 
C:  are going to be these kinds of things . 
C:  And , then the question is  
C:  there are two questions  is , uh , one , where do you get this i  
C:  information from , and two , what 's the structure of the belief - net ? 
C:  So what are the conditional probabilities 
C:  of this , that , and the other , given these things ? 
C:  And you probably need intermediate nodes . I  we don't know what they are yet . 
C:  So it may well be that , uh , for example , 
C:  that , uh , knowing whether  
C:  Oh , another thing you want 
C:  is some information 
C:  abou I think , 
C:  about the time of day . 
C:  Now , they may wanna call that part of context . 
C:  But the time of day matters a lot . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  And , if things are obviously closed , 
C:  then , 
C:  you  
B:  People won't want to enter it . 
C:  Pe - people don't wanna enter them . 
C:  And , if it 's not obvious , you may want to actually 
B:  s b 
C:  uh , point out to people that it 's closed  you know , what they 're g going to is closed and they don't have the option of entering it . 
C:  So another thing that can come up , 
C:  and will come up as soon as you get serious about this is , 
C:  that another option of course is to 
C:  have a  more of a dialogue . 
C:  So if someone says something you could ask them . 
E:  Yeah . 
C:  OK . And  Now , one thing you could do is always ask them , but that 's boring . 
C:  And it also w it also be a pain for the person using it . 
C:  So one thing you could do is build a little system that , said , " whenever you got a question like that I 've got 
C:  one of three answers . Ask them which one you want . " 
C:  OK . But that 's , um , not what we 're gonna do . 
B:  But maybe that 's a false state of the system , that it 's too close to call . 
C:  Oh yeah . You want the  you want the ability to a You want the ability to ask , but what you don't wanna do is 
C:  onl build a system that always asks every time , and i 
C:  That 's not getting at the scientific problem , and it 's  
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  In general you 're  you know , 
C:  it 's gonna be much more complex than that . 
C:  a This is purposely a really simple case . 
B:  Yeah . <inbreath> 
C:  So , uh  Yeah .  
B:  I have one more point to  to Bhaskara 's question . Um , I think also the  the  the deep understanding part of it is  is going to be in there to the extent that we 
B:  um , want it in terms of 
B:  our modeling . We can start , you know , basic from 
B:  human beings , model that , its motions , 
B:  going , walking , seeing , we can mem model all of that and then compose whatever inferences o we make out of these really conceptual primitives . 
B:  That will be extremely deep in the  in  in  in my understanding . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  S so  so the way that might come up , 
C:  if you wanna  Suppose you wanted to do that , you might say , 
C:  " Um , as an intermediate step in your belief - net , is there a Source - Path - Goal 
C:  schema involved ? " 
C:  OK ? And if so , uh , is there a focus on the goal ? Or is there a focus on the path ? or something . 
C:  And that could be , uh , 
C:  one of the conditiona you know , th the  
C:  In some piece of the belief - net , that could be the  the appropriate thing to enter . 
B:  Well , they keep it . We have to request it . 
C:  Right . 
B:  Nuh ? 
B:  But it 's not in there . 
C:  Well , they  they kee they keep it by their lights . It may  it may or may not 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah , or i 
C:  be what  what we want . Yeah . <click> 
E:  So , if someone says , " I wanna touch the side of the Powder - Tower " , 
E:  that would  
E:  basically , we need to pop up Tango mode and the  
E:  and the directions ? 
C:  If i if  Yeah , if it got as simple as that , yeah . But it wouldn't . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  OK . 
E:  But that doesn't necessarily  
E:  But we 'd have to infer a Source - Path - Goal to some degree for 
E:  touching the side , right ? 
B:  Well  
B:  Uh , th the there is a p a point there if I understand you . Correct ? 
B:  Um , <breath-laugh> 
B:  because um , 
B:  sometimes people just say 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  things  This you find very often . " Where is the city hall ? " 
B:  And this do 
B:  they don't wanna sh see it on a map , or they don't wanna know it 's five hundred yards away from you , or that it 's to the  your north . They wanna go there . 
B:  That 's what they say , is , " Where is it ? " . 
B:  Where is that damn thing ? 
E:  And the parser would output   
B:  Well , that 's 
B:  a  a question mark . sh 
B:  A lot of parsers , um , 
B:  just , uh  
B:  That 's way beyond their scope , is  of interpreting that . You know ? 
B:  But um , 
B:  still outcome w the outcome will be some form of structure , 
B:  with the town hall and maybe saying it 's a WH focus on the town hall . But to interpret it , 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  you know ? somebody else has to do that job later .  
E:  I 'm just trying to figure out what the SmartKom system would output , 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  depending on these things . 
B:  <mouth> 
B:  Um , it will probably tell you how far away it is , at least that 's  That 's even what Deep Map does . It tells you how far away it is , and  and shows it to you on a map . 
B:  Because i we can not differentiate , at the moment , between , you know , the intention of wanting to go there or the intention of just know wanting to know where  where it is . 
D:  People no might not be able to infer that either , right ? Like the fact  
D:  Like , I could imagine if someone came up to me and asked , " Where 's the city hall ? " , 
D:  I might say , g ar " Are you trying to get there ? " 
D:  Because how I describe 
D:  um , t its location  uh , p probably depend on whether I think I should give them , you know , directions now , or 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  @ @  
D:  say , you know , whatever , " It 's half a mile away " or something like that . 
B:  It 's a granularity factor , because where people ask you , " Where is New York ? " , you will tell them it 's on the East Coast . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh - huh . Yeah . Exactly . 
C:  <outbreath> 
D:  Right . 
B:  Y y eh  you won't tell them how to get there , ft you know , take that bus to the airport and blah - blah - blah . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Right . 
B:  But if it 's the post office , you will tell them how to get there . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So th 
B:  They have done some interesting experiments on that in Hamburg as well . So . 
D:  Right . Right . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  But  
C:  i Go  go back to the  the uh , th 
C:  Yeah , that slide .  
B:  So I w this is  " onto " is  is knowledge about buildings , their opening times , 
B:  and then t coupled with time of day , 
B:  um , 
B:  this should  
B:  You know .  
D:  So that context was like , um , their presumed purpose context , i like business or travel , 
B:  <clears throat> 
D:  as well as the utterance context , like , " I 'm now standing at this place at this time " . 
C:  Yeah , well I think we ought to d 
C:  a As we have all along , d 
C:  We  we 've been distu 
C:  distinguishing between situational context , which is what you have as context , 
C:  and discourse context , which you have as DH , I don't know what the H means . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Nuh . 
B:  History . 
B:  Discourse history . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Whatever . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  So we can work out terminology later . 
B:  Yep . 
C:  So , they 're  they 're quite distinct . 
B:  <mike noise> 
C:  I mean , you need them both , but they 're quite distinct . 
topic_description:	task = deeper understanding


F:  So , where would we extract that information from ? From the M - three - L ? 
C:  No . 
C:  No . See , the M - three - L is not gonna give th What he was saying is , 
C:  the M - three - L does not have any of that . All it has is some really crude stuff saying , 
F:  Right . 
C:  " A person wants to go to a place . " 
E:  The M - three - L is the old SmartKom output ? 
C:  Right . 
E:  OK . 
C:  M - three well , M - three - L itself refers to Multimedia Mark - up Language . 
E:  It 's just a language . Right , yeah . 
C:  So we have th w we we 
C:  we have to have a better w way of referring to  
B:  The parser output ?  
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . The  
B:  " Analyzed speech " I think it 's what they call it , really , oder  
C:  Well , OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  o th No , actually , intention lattices is what we 're gonna get . 
C:  Is - i but they c they call it intention lattice , but tha <mouth> Anyway . 
B:  In - in a intention lattice k Hypothesis . They call it intention hypotheses . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So , th they 're gonna give us some cr uh  or  We can assume that y you get this crude information . 
C:  About intention , and that 's all they 're going to provide . 
C:  And they don't give you the kind of object , they don't give you 
C:  any discourse history , if you want to keep that you have to keep it somewhere else . 
topic_description:	M3L output


C:  And , so what we were talking about doing , a a as a first shot , 
C:  is not doing any of the linguistics . 
F:  <mike noise> 
C:  Except to find out what seems to be  useful . 
C:  So , the  the  the reason the belief - net is in blue , 
C:  is the notion would be  
C:  Uh , this may be a bad dis bad idea , but the idea is 
C:  to take as a first goal , 
C:  see if we could actually build a belief - net 
C:  that would make this three way distinction 
C:  uh , in a plausible way , given 
C:  these  We have all these transcripts and we 're able to , 
C:  by hand , extract the features to put in the belief - net . Saying , " Aha ! here 're the things which , if you get them out of  out of the language and discourse , and put them into the belief - net , it would tell you 
C:  which of these three uh , intentions is most likely . " 
C:  And if  to actually do that , build it , um  you know , run it  y y run it on the data where you hand - transcribe 
C:  the parameters . 
C:  And see how that goes . 
C:  If that goes well , 
C:  then we can start worrying about how we would 
C:  extract them . 
C:  So  where would you get this information ? 
C:  And , expand it to  to other things like this . 
C:  But if we can't do that , 
C:  then we 're in trouble . 
C:  I mean th th i i if you can't do this task , 
C:  um  
B:  We need a different , uh , engine . Machine , I mean .  
C:  Uh , uh , yeah , or something . Well it  i I if it  if it 's the belief - nets , we we 'll switch to you know , logic or some terrible thing , but 
D:  <breath> 
E:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  I don't think that 's gonna be the case . I think that , 
C:  uh , if we can get the information , 
C:  a belief - net is a perfectly good way of 
C:  doing the 
C:  inferential combination of it . 
C:  The real issue is , do what are the factors involved in determining this ? 
C:  And I don't know . 
topic_description:	first extract features by hand


D:  And  and it 's clear from the data , um , like , sorta the correct answer in each case . 
C:  and  
C:  No . 
D:  But l 
B:  No . But  
D:  OK . That 's  that 's the thing I 'm curious ab 
C:  Let 's go back to th 
C:  Let 's go back to the  the  the slide of data . 
D:  Like do we know from the data wh which  
B:  Um  
D:  OK . So  
B:  Not from that data . 
D:  <long breath> 
B:  But , um , since we are designing 
D:  Mm - hmm . <outbreath> 
B:  a  a  a  an , compared to this , even bigger data collection effort ,  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  um , we will definitely take care to put it in there , 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  in some 
C:  Yeah . <inbreath> 
B:  shape , way , form over the other , 
B:  to see whether 
D:  Right . 
B:  we can , then , get 
B:  sort of empirically validated data . 
C:  <outbreath> 
B:  Um , from this , we can sometimes , you know  an and that 's  that  but that  isn't that what we need for a belief - net anyhow ? is sort of   
B:  s sometimes when people want to just see it , they phrase it more like this ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  But it doesn't exclude anybody from phrasing it totally differently , even if they still  you know ? 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
B:  But then other factors may come into play that change the outcome of their belief - net . 
D:  Right . 
B:  So , um , this is exactly what  Because y you can never be sure . And I 'm sure even i the most , sort of , deliberate data collection experiment will never give you data that say , " Well , if it 's phrased like that , 
D:  Sure . 
B:  the intention is this . " You know , because then , uh , you  
C:  <outbreath> <outbreath> 
D:  u u I mean , the only way you could get that is if you were to give th the x subjects a task . 
D:  Right ? Where you have  where your , uh , current 
D:  goal is to  
B:  We - 
B:  Yeah ! That 's what we 're doing . But  but we will still get the phrasing all over the place . I 'm sure that , you know  
D:  @ @  
D:  <inbreath> So that 's what you want ? OK . 
E:  <mike noise> 
D:  So you will know . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  The  No , that 's fine . I guess , it 's just knowing the intention from 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  From that task , yeah . So , 
D:  the experimental subject . @ @  
topic_description:	correct answer clear?


D:  And I think the other concern that has come up before , too , is if it 's  
D:  um  
D:  I don't know if this was collected  
D:  what situation this data was collected in . Was it  is it the one that you showed in your talk ? Like people   
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  No , no . No . 
D:  But OK . So was this , like , someone actually mobile , like  
D:  s using a device ? 
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  Uh , 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  N no , no not  i it was mobile but not  not with a w a real wizard system . So there were never answers . 
C:  <long outbreath> 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  OK . OK . But , is it  <inbreath> 
D:  I guess I don't know  The situation of  of collecting th the data of , like  Here you could imagine them being  walking around the city . 
D:  as like one situation . And then you have all sorts of other 
D:  c situational context factors that would influence 
D:  w how to interpret , like you said , the scope and things like that . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  If they 're doing it in a  you know , " I 'm sitting here with a map and asking questions " , 
D:  I  I would imagine that the data would be really different . 
D:  Um , so it 's just  
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  Yeah . <inbreath> 
B:  But  
B:  It was never th th the goal of that data collection to  to serve for sat for such a purpose . So that 's why for example the tasks were not 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  differentiated by intentionality , there was n there was no label , you know , intention A , intention B , intention C . Or task A , B , C . 
D:  Mm - hmm . Right . 
B:  Um  
B:  I 'm sure we can produce some if we need it , um , that  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  that will help us along those lines . But , 
B:  you know , you gotta leave something for other people to model . 
B:  So , to  Finding out what , you know , 
D:  <laugh> Mm - hmm . 
B:  situational con what the contextual factors of the situation really are , you know is an interesting s 
B:  interesting thing . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  u u Sort of I 'm , at the moment , curious and I 'm  I 'm  s w want to approach it from the end where we can s sort of start with this toy system that we can play around with , 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  so that we get a clearer notion of what input we need 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  for that ,  
B:  what suffices and what doesn't .  
B:  And then we can start worrying about where to get this input , what  
B:  what do we need , you know  
B:  Ultimately once we are all experts in changing that parser , for example , maybe , there 's just a couple three things we need to do and then we get more whatever , part of speech and more construction - type - like 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Hmm . 
B:  stuff out of it . 
B:  It 's a m pragmatic approach , uh , at the moment . 
E:  How exactly does the data collection work ? Do they have a map , 
E:  and then you give them a scenario of some sort ? 
B:  <mouth> 
B:  OK . 
B:  Imagine you 're the  the subject . You 're gonna be in here , and somebody  And  and you see , uh , 
B:  either th the three - D model , 
B:  or uh , a QuickTime animation of standing u in a square in Heidelberg . 
B:  So you actually see that . 
B:  Um . 
B:  The uh , 
B:  um , first thing is you have to read a text about Heidelberg . <mike noise> 
B:  So , just off a textbook , uh , tourist guide , to familiarize , uh , yourself with that sort of odd - sounding German street names , like Fischergasse and so forth . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  So that 's part one . Part two is , you 're told 
B:  that this huge new , wonderful computer system exists , that can y tell you everything you want to know , 
B:  and it understands you completely . 
B:  And so you 're gonna pick up that phone , dial a number , and you get a certain amount of tasks that you have to solve . 
B:  First you have to know  find out how to get to that place , 
B:  maybe with the intention of buying stamps in there . 
B:  Maybe  So , the next task is to get to a certain place and take a picture for your grandchild . 
B:  The third one is to 
B:  get information on the history of an object . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  The fourth one  
B:  And then the g system breaks down . 
D:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  It crashes , 
D:  a At the third ? Right then ? 
B:  And  
B:  After the third task . 
D:  OK . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  And then  
B:  Or after the fourth . Some find  @ @  Forget that for now . 
B:  And then , a human operator comes on , 
B:  and  and exp apologizes that the system has crashed , but , you know , urges you to continue , you know ?  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  now with a human operator . 
B:  And so , you have basically the same tasks again , just with different objects , 
B:  and you go through it again , and that was it . 
B:  Oh , and one  one little bit  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  w And uh , the computer you are  you are being told the computer system knows exactly where you are , via GPS . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  When the human operator comes on , um , 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  that person does not know . So the GPS is crashed as well . 
B:  So the person first has to ask you " Where are you ? " . 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  And so you have to do some  
B:  s tell the person sort of where you are , depending on what you see there . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Um , this is a  a  a  a  a bit that I d I don't think we  Did we discuss that bit ? 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Uh , I just sort of squeezed that in now . 
B:  But it 's something , uh , that would provide some very interesting data for some people I know . 
E:  <mike noise> 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  So . 
D:  So , in the display you can  
D:  Oh , you said that you cou you might have a display that shows , like , the  
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  <mouth> 
B:  Yeah . a Additionally , y you have a  a  a sort of a map type display . 
D:  a w your perspective ? sort of ? And so , as you  
B:  Uh , two - D . 
B:  n 
D:  Oh , two - D . OK . So as you move through it that 's - they just track it on the  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Two - D . 
B:  Yeah . b y 
D:  for themselves 
B:  You don't  
D:  @ @ there . 
B:  That 's  
B:  I don't know . I but y I don't think you really move , 
D:  OK . So 
B:  sort of . Yeah ? 
B:  I mean that would be an  an  an enormous technical effort , 
B:  unless we 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  would  
B:  We can show it walks to , you know . We can have movies of walking , you walking through  through Heidelberg , and u ultimately arriving there . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Maybe we wanna do that . Yeah . 
D:  Uh , I was just trying to figure out how  how ambitious the system is . 
B:  The map was sort of intended to  
B:  You want to go to that place . You know , and it 's sort of there . And you see the label of the name  
D:  Mm - hmm . <outbreath> 
B:  So we get those names , pronunciation stuff , and so forth , and we can change that . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  So your tasks don't require you to  
D:  I mean , uh  yo you 're told  So when your task is , I don't know , " Go buy stamps " or something like that ? 
D:  So , do you have to respond ? or does your  
D:  Uh , what are you ste what are you supposed to be telling the system ? Like , w 
D:  what you 're doing now ? or   
B:  Well , we 'll see what people do . 
D:  There 's no  OK , so it 's just like , " Let 's figure out what they would say 
B:  Yeah , and  and we will record both sides . I mean , we will record the Wi - the Wizard  
D:  under the circumstances " . 
D:  Uh - huh . Uh - huh . 
B:  I mean , in both cases it 's gonna be a human , in the 
B:  computer , and in the operator case . 
B:  And we will re there will be some dialogue , you know ? 
B:  So , you first have to do this , and that , and  and  
D:  Yep . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  see wh what they say . We can ins instruct the , uh , wizard in how expressive and talkative he should be . <inbreath> 
B:  But um , 
B:  maybe the  maybe what you 're suggesting  Is what you 're suggesting that it might be too poor , the data , if we sort of limit it to this ping pong one t 
B:  uh , task results in a question and then there 's an answer and that 's the end of the task ? You wanna m have it more  more steps , sort of ? 
D:  <inbreath> 
D:  Yeah , I  I don't know how much direction is given to the subject 
D:  about what 
D:  their interaction  I mean , th they 're unfamiliar w with interacting with the system . All they know is it 's this great system that could do 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  s stuff . Right ? So  
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Oh yeah , but  to some extent this is a different discussion . 
C:  OK ? So . 
C:  Uh , we  we have to have this discussion of th the experiment , and the data collection , and all that sorta stuff 
D:  Uh - huh . 
C:  and we do have , um , a student who 
C:  is a candidate for wizard . 
C:  Uh , she 's gonna get in touch with me . It 's a student of Eve 's . 
C:  FEY , Fey ? Spelled FEY . Do you  do you  
D:  Oh , Fey Parrill . Yeah . Uh - huh . 
C:  You know her ? 
C:  OK . Sh - Is sh 
D:  She started taking the class last year and then didn't  um , you know , didn't continue . I g She 's a g 
D:  Is she an undergradua She is a graduate , OK . 
C:  She 's graduated . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , I m I know her very , very briefly . I know she was inter you know , interested in 
C:  OK . 
D:  aspect and stuff like that . 
C:  So , anyway , she 's looking for some more part time work w while she 's waiting actually for graduate school . 
C:  And she 'll be in touch . So we may have 
C:  someone , 
C:  uh , to do this , and she 's got you know , some background in  in 
C:  all this stuff . And is a linguist st and , so  So . 
C:  <mouth> That 's  So , Nancy , we 'll have an At some point we 'll have another discussion on 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  exactly wha t t you know , how that 's gonna go . 
C:  And um , 
C:  Jane , but also , uh , Liz 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  have offered to help us do this , 
D:  Mmm . 
C:  uh , data collection and design and stuff . 
C:  So , when we get to that we 'll have some people doing it that know what they 're doing . 
D:  OK . 
D:  I guess the reason I was asking about the sort of the de the details of this kind of thing is that , um , 
D:  it 's one thing to collect data for , I don't know , speech recognition or various other tasks that have pretty c clear 
D:  correct answers , but with intention <inbreath> 
D:  um , obviously , as you point out , there 's a lot of di other factors and  
D:  I 'm not really sure , um , 
D:  how  how  e the question of how to make it a t appropriate toy 
D:  version of that  
D:  Um , it 's ju it 's just hard . So , I mean , obviously it 's a  
E:  Yeah , uh , actually I guess that was my question . Is the intention implicit in the scenario that 's given ? 
E:  Like , 
E:  do the  
D:  It is , if they have these tasks that they 're supposed to  
E:  Yeah , I just wasn't sure to what level of detail the task was . 
D:  to  to give  Yeah , uh  
B:  Mm - hmm . n No one is , at the moment . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
E:  OK . 
C:  So , we that 's part of what we 'll have to figure out . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  But , uh , 
D:  <long breath> 
C:  the  
topic_description:	data collection


C:  The problem that I was tr gonna try to focus on today was , 
C:  let 's suppose by magic you could collect dialogues in which , one way or the other , 
C:  you were able to , uh , figure out both the intention , and set the context , and 
C:  know what language was used . So let 's suppose that we can get that kind of data . 
C:  Um . 
C:  The issue is , can we 
C:  find a way to , basically , featurize it so that we get some discrete number of features so that , 
C:  uh , when we know the values to all those features , or as many as possible , we can w come up with the best estimate of which of the , 
C:  in this case three little intentions , 
C:  are 
C:  most likely . 
D:  w What are the t three intentions ? Is it to go there , to see it , and  
B:  To come as close as possible to it . 
C:  Th - the terminology we 're using is to  
D:  Yeah , it 's @ @ . 
E:  <laugh-breath> 
C:  Go back .   
D:  <laugh> 
C:  To v 
D:  OK . 
C:  to View it . 
C:  OK ? To Enter it . 
C:  Now those  It seems to me those are cl you c you have no trouble with those being distinct . 
C:  " Take a picture of it " 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  you  you might well want to be a really rather different place than 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  entering it . 
C:  And , for an object that 's at all big , 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  uh , sort of getting to the nearest part of it 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  uh , could be quite different than either of those . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Just sort of  
D:  OK , so now I understand the referent of Tango mode . 
E:  See , I would have thought it was more of a waltz . 
D:  <laugh> I didn't get that before .  
B:  <laugh> S 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  To " Waltz " it ? 
D:  Yeah , like , how close are you gonna be ? Like , <laugh> Tango 's really close . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh-breath> 
C:  Well . 
E:  Yeah , cuz a tango  Yeah . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Well , anyway . So  
E:  <laugh> 
F:  All these  
D:  <laugh> 
F:  So , like , the question is how what features can  
C:  <outbreath> 
F:  like , do you wanna try to extract from , say , the parse or whatever ? 
C:  Right . 
F:  Like , the presence of a word or the presence of a certain uh , stem , or  
C:  Right . 
F:  certain construction or whatever . 
C:  Is there a construction , or the kind of object , or 
C:  w uh , anything else that 's in the si It 's either in the  in the s the discourse itself or in the context . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  So if it turns out that , whatever it is , you want to know whether the person 's uh , a tourist or not , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  OK ? that becomes a feature .  
C:  Now , how you determine that 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  is another issue . But fo for the current problem , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  it would just be , " OK , if you can be sure that it 's a tourist , versus a businessman , versus a native , " 
C:  or something , 
C:  uh , that would give you 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  a lot of discriminatory power and then just have a little section in your belief - net that said , " pppt ! "  
C:  Though sin f in the short run , you 'd set them , 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  and see ho how it worked , and then in the longer run , 
C:  you would figure out how you could derive them . 
F:  Right . 
C:  From previous discourse or w any anything else you knew . 
topic_description:	features for three intentions


F:  So , how should  What 's the uh , plan ? Like , how should we go about figuring out these  
B:  @ @  
E:  What 's the time frame for this ?  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Two days ? 
C:  Huh ? 
B:  Two , three days ? 
C:  Yeah bu w I 'd like that this  y yeah , this week , to ha to n to <inbreath> 
C:  have y guys , uh , you know , pick 
D:  <mike noise> <sneeze> 
C:  <mouth> the  y you know , belief - net package and tell us what it is , and give us a pointer so we can play with it or something . 
D:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  No . 
F:  Sure . 
C:  And , then as soon as we have it , 
C:  I think we should start 
C:  trying to 
C:  populate it for this problem . 
C:  Make a first cut at , you know , what 's going on , 
C:  and probably the ea 
C:  easiest way to do that 
C:  is 
C:  some on - line way . I mean , you can f figure out whether you wanna make it a web site or  You know , how 
B:  Uh  I  I  I  um , OK , I  t 
B:  Yeah . I was actually more joking . With the two or three days . So this was  was a usual jo <inbreath> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  OK , I wasn't . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Um , it will take as long as y y yo you guys need for that . But um , 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . <outbreath> 
B:  maybe it might be interesting if  if the two of you can agree on who 's gonna be the speaker next Monday , to tell us something about the net you picked , and what it does , and how it does that . 
C:  Well , y Well , or both of them speak . We don't care . 
F:  Sure . 
B:  Yeah , or you can split it up . 
B:  So , y 
F:  Hmm . 
B:  So that will be sort of the assignment for next week , is to  
B:  to  for slides and whatever net you picked and what it can do and  and how far you 've gotten . Pppt !  
C:  Well , I 'd like to also , 
C:  though , uh , ha have a first cut at what the 
C:  belief - net looks like . 
C:  Even if it 's really crude . 
C:  OK ? So , you know , 
C:  here a here are  
E:  So we 're supposed to @ @ about features and whatnot , and    
C:  Right . Yeah . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  And , as I said , what I 'd like to do is , 
C:  I mean , what would be really great is you bring it in  If  if  if we could , 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  uh , in the meeting , say , you know , " Here 's the package , here 's the current one we have , " 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  uh , you know , " What other ideas do you have ? " 
E:  <mike noise> 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  and then we can think about this idea of making up the data file . 
B:  <laugh-breath> 
C:  Of , 
C:  uh , you know , get a  t a p tentative format for it , let 's say XML , that says , l you know , " These are 
E:  <mike noise> 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  the various scenarios we 've experienced . " 
C:  We can just add to that and there 'll be this  
C:  this file of them and when you 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  think you 've got a better belief - net , 
C:  You just run it against this , um  
C:  this data file . 
E:  <mike noise> 
F:  So we 'll be like , hand , uh , 
F:  doing all the probabilities . 
F:  OK . 
C:  Oh , yeah , unt until we know more . 
E:  And what 's the relation to this with  
E:  Changing the table so that the system works in English ? 
B:  OK . So this is  
B:  Whi - while you were doing this , 
B:  I received two lovely emails . The  the full NT and the full Linux version are 
E:  <mike noise> 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  there . 
B:  I 've downloaded them both , 
B:  and I started to unpack the Linux one  
B:  Uh , the NT one worked fine .   and I started unta pack the Linux one , it told me that I can't really unpack it because it contains a future date . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  So this is the time difference between Germany . I had to wait until one o ' clock this afternoon before I was able to unpack it .  
D:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Now , um  
B:  Then it will be my job to get this whole thing running both on Swede and on this machine . 
B:  And so that we have it . 
B:  And then um  
B:  Hopefully that  hoping that my urgent message will now come through to Ralph and Tilman that it will send some more documentation along , 
B:  we  I control p 
B:  Maybe that 's what I will do next Monday is show the state and show the system and show 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  that . 
C:  <mouth> 
C:  Yeah . So the answer , Johno , is that these are , 
C:  at the moment , 
C:  separate . 
C:  Uh , what one hopes is that 
C:  when we understand how the analyzer works , we can both 
C:  worry about converting it to English and worry about how it could ex extract the parameters we need for the belief - net . 
E:  I guess my question was more about time frame . So we 're gonna do belief - nets this week , and then   
E:  <outbreath> <outbreath> 
C:  Oh , yeah . I don't know . n None of this is i n 
C:  Neither of these projects 
C:  has got a real tight time - line , in the sense that over the next month there 's a  there 's a deliverable . 
E:  OK . 
C:  OK . S so uh , it 's opportu in that sense it 's opportunistic . 
C:  If  if  you know , if we don't get any information for these guys f for several weeks then we aren't gonna sit around , 
C:  you know , wasting time , 
C:  trying to do the problem or guess what they   
C:  You know , just pppt !  go on and do other things . 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  OK . 
B:  Yeah , but uh  but the uh  
B:  This point is really  I think very , very valid that ultimately we hope that  
B:  that both will merge into a harmonious and , um , wonderful , 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  um , state where 
B:  we can not only do the bare necessities , IE , changing the table so it does exactly in English what it does in German , 
B:  but also that we can sort of have the system where we can say , " OK , this is what it usually does , 
B:  and now we add this little thing to it " , 
B:  you know ? whatever , Johno 's and Bhaskara 's great belief - net ,  
E:  <laugh> 
B:  and we plug it in , 
B:  and then for these certain tasks , 
B:  and we know that navigational tasks are gonna be a core domain of the new system , 
B:  it all  all of a sudden it does much better . 
B:  Nuh ? Because it can 
B:  produce better answers , 
B:  tell the person , as I s showed you on this map , 
B:  n you know , produce either you know , a red line that goes to the Vista point or a red line that goes to the Tango point or red line that goes to the door , 
B:  which would be great . 
B:  So not only can you show that you know something sensible but ultimately , if you produce a system like this , it 
B:  takes the person where it wants to go . 
B:  Rather than taking him 
B:  always to the geometric center of a building , which is what they do now . 
F:  Mmm . 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
B:  And we even had to take out a bit . 
B:  Nancy , you missed that part . 
B:  We had to take out a bit of the road 
B:  work . So that it doesn't take you to the wall 
B:  <laugh> every time . <laugh> So . Um  
D:  Oh , really ?  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  So this was actually an actual problem that we encountered , 
B:  which nobody have  has  
B:  because car navigation systems don't really care . 
B:  You know , they get you to the beginning of the street , some now do the house number . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  But even that is problematic . If you go d 
B:  If you wanna drive to the SAP in Waldorf , 
B:  I 'm sure the same is true of Microsoft , 
B:  it takes you to the  
B:  the address , whatever , street number blah - blah - blah , 
B:  you are miles away from the entrance . 
C:  Yep . 
B:  Because the s postal address is maybe a mailbox somewhere . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Nuh ? but the entrance where you actually wanna go is somewhere completely different . 
B:  So unless you 're a mail person you really don't wanna go there . 
E:  <laugh-breath> 
F:  <laugh> 
D:  Right , yeah .  
C:  Probably not then , cuz y you probably can't drop the mail there anyway . 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  Probably neither  e not even that . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Clear ? 
F:  <mike noise> OK . Sounds good . 
E:  The Powder - Tower is made of red limestone . 
D:  I was wondering . OK . <laugh> 
B:  Do you wanna see a picture ? 
E:  <breath> 
D:  Sure !  
E:  Sure ! 
B:  Have to reboot for that though . 
D:  Um . 
D:  So , you two , who 'll be working on this , li are  are you gl will you be doing  Well , I mean are you supposed to just do it by 
D:  thinking about the situation ? Can you use the sample data ? 
D:  Is it like  Yeah , I mean , ho is there more than  
C:  Of course they use the sample data . 
D:  Is there a lot s of sample data that 
D:  is beyond what you  what you have there ? 
B:  There  there 's more than I showed , but um , um , I think this is sort of um , in part my job to look at that and  and to see whether 
B:  there are features in there that can be extracted , and to come up with some 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Right . 
B:  features that are not 
B:  you know , empirically based on  on a real experiment or on  on  on reality but sort of on your intuition of you know , " Aha ! 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm .  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  This is maybe a sign for that , and this is maybe a sign for this . " <inbreath> 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  So , yeah . Later this week we should sort of get together , and sort of 
B:  Talk features .  
F:  start thinking about that , hopefully . 
B:  Yep . 
topic_description:	planning


C:  OK . So , first of all is , uh , do e either of you guys , 
C:  you got a favorite belief - net that you 've , you know , played with ? JavaBayes or something ? 
F:  Oh . 
F:  No , not really . 
C:  OK . Well , anyway . f Get one . 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  OK ? So  y so one of th one of the things we wanna do is actually , 
C:  uh , pick a package , 
C:  doesn't matter which one , 
C:  uh , presumably one that 's got good interactive abilities , cuz a lot of what we 're gonna be d 
C:  You know , we don't need the one that 'll solve massive , 
C:  uh , belief - nets quickly . d w 
C:  These are not gonna get big in  in the foreseeable future . 
C:  But we do want one 
C:  in which it 's easy to interact with and , uh , modify . 
C:  Because i that 's  A lot of what it 's gonna be , is , 
C:  um , 
C:  playing with this . And probably one in which it 's easy to have , 
C:  um , what amounts to transcript files . So that if  if we have all these cases  
C:  OK ? So we make up cases that have these features , 
C:  OK , and then you 'd like to be able to say , " OK , here 's a bunch of cases "  
C:  There 're even ones tha that you can do learning 
C:  OK ? So you have all their cases and  and their results and you have a  algorithms to go through and run around trying to set the  the probabilities for you . 
C:  Um , 
C:  probably that 's not worth it . 
C:  I mean , my guess is we aren't gonna have enough data that 's good enough to make 
C:  the  these data fitting ones 
C:  worth it , but I don't know . 
C:  So I would say you guy the first task for you two guys is to um , pick a package . 
C:  OK , and you wanna it s You know , the standard things you want it stable , you want it  yeah , @ @ .  
C:  And , as soon as we have one , we can start 
B:  An - Nuh . 
C:  trying to , 
C:  uh , 
C:  make a first cut 
C:  at what 's going on . 
C:  But it  what I like about it is it 's very concrete . 
C:  OK ? We  we have a  we know what the outcomes are gonna be , and we have some  some data that 's loose , we can use our own intuition , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  and see how hard it is , 
C:  and , importantly , what intermediate nodes we think we need . 
C:  So it  if it turns out that just , thinking about the problem , you come up with things you really need to  
C:  You know , this is the kind of thing that is , you know , an intermediate little piece in your belief - net . 
C:  That 'd be really interesting . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  And it  and it may serve as a platform for 
B:  a person , maybe me , or whoever , who is interested in doing some linguistic analysis . 
B:  I mean , w we have the For - FrameNet group here , and we can see what they have found out about those concepts already , 
B:  that are contained in the data , 
B:  um , 
B:  you know , to come up with a nice little set of features and um , 
B:  maybe even means of s uh , extracting them . 
B:  And  and that altogether could also be  uh , become a nice paper that 's going to be published somewhere , if we sit down and write it . 
B:  And um  
B:  When you said JavaBayes belief - net you were talking about ones that run on coffee ? or that are in the program language Java ? 
C:  <inbreath> 
C:  No , th It turns out that there is a , 
C:  uh  
C:  The new end of Java libraries . OK , and it turns out one called JavaBayes. Which is 
E:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  Mmm . OK . 
C:  one that fair  people around here use a fair amount . 
C:  I have no idea whether that 's  
C:  @ @  
C:  The obvious advantage of that is that you can then , 
F:  <mike noise> 
C:  relatively easily , get all the other Java packages for GUIs or whatever else you might want to do . So that i that 's I think why 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  a lot of people doing research use that . 
C:  But it may not be  I have no idea whether that 's the best choice an and 
C:  there 're plenty of people around , students in the department who , you know , live and breathe Bayes - nets . So , uh , 
D:  There 's the m 
D:  tool kit that um , Kevin Murphy has developed , 
C:  Right . 
C:  It 's OK . 
D:  which might be useful too . And it 's available Matlab code . 
F:  Right . 
C:  So , yeah , Kevin would be a good person to start with . 
C:  Nancy knows him well . I don't know I don't know whether you guys have met Kevin yet or not , but , uh  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Mm - hmm . But i 
F:  Yeah , I know him . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  But since we all probably are pretty sure that , um , the  
C:  <outbreath> 
B:  For example , 
B:  this th th the dialogue history is  is um , producing XML documents . M - three - L of course is XML . 
B:  And the ontology that um , uh the student is  is constructing for me back in  in EML is in OIL and that 's also in XML . 
B:  And so that 's where a lot of knowledge about bakeries , about hotels , about castles and stuff is gonna come from . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Um , so , if it has that IO capability and if it 's a Java package , it will definitely be able  We can couple . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  So , yeah , we 're sort of <mike noise> committed to XML as the kind of , 
C:  uh , interchange . 
C:  But that 's , you know , not a big deal . 
B:  Who isn't , nuh ? 
topic_description:	which belief net?


C:  So , in terms of  of  interchanging in and out of any module we build , 
C:  It 'll be XML . 
C:  And if you 're going off to queries to the ontology , for example , you 'll have to deal with its interface . 
C:  But that 's  that 's fine an and um , 
C:  all of these things have been built 
C:  with 
C:  much bigger projects than this in mind . So they  they 
C:  have worked very hard . It 's kind of blackboards and multi - wave blackboards and ways of interchanging and registering your a And so forth . 
C:  So , 
C:  that I don't think is even worth us worrying about just yet . 
C:  I mean if we can get the core of the thing to work , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  in a way that we 're comfortable with , 
C:  then we ca we can get in and out of it with , uh , XML , 
C:  um , little descriptors . 
C:  I believe . I don't  I don't see  
B:  Hmm . Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I like , for example , the  what you said about the 
B:  getting input from  from just files about where you h where you have the data , have specified the features and so forth . 
B:  That 's , of course , easy also to do with , you know , XML . 
C:  <inbreath> 
C:  Uh , you could have an X  yeah , you could make and XML format for that . Sure . 
C:  That  that  
B:  So r 
C:  um , 
C:  you know , feature value XML format 
C:  is probably as good a way as any . 
C:  So it 's als Yeah , I guess it 's also worth , 
C:  um , while you 're poking around , poke around for XML packages that 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  um , 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  do things you 'd like . 
F:  Doesn't  does SmartKom system have such packages ? 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Sure . 
B:  The  the lib M - three - L library does that . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  It 's also  
C:  And the question is , d you c you  you 'll have to l 
C:  We 'll have to l 
C:  That should be  ay We should be able to look at that  
B:  No , u u y um the  
B:  What I  What sort of came to my mind i is  was the notion of an idea that 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  if  if there are l nets that can actually lear try to set their own , um , 
B:  probability factors based on  on  on  on input  
B:  which is in file format , 
B:  <breath> if we , 
B:  um , get really w wild on this , we may actually want to use some  some corpora that other people made and , for example , if  if they are in  in MATE , 
B:  then we get X M L documents with discourse annotations , t you know , t from the discourse act down to the phonetic level . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Um , Michael has a project where  you know , recognizing discourse acts and he does it all in MATE , and so 
B:  they 're actually annotating data and data and data .  
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  So if we w 
B:  if we think it 's worth it one of these days , 
B:  not  not with this first prototype but maybe with a second , and we have the possibility of  of taking input that 's generated elsewhere and learn from that , 
F:  Right . 
B:  that 'd be nice . 
C:  It 'd be nice , but  but I  I  I do I don't wanna count on it . 
E:  <mike noise> 
C:  I mean , you can't  you can't run your project based on the speculation that  
B:  No , no , uh , just for  
C:  that the data will come , and you don't have to actually design the nets . 
B:  Nuh . Just a back door that  
B:  I  I think we should devote m 
C:  Could happen . Yeah . So in terms of  of the , um  
C:  the  what the SmartKom gives us for M - three - L packages , it could be that they 're fine , or it could be eeh .  You don't  
C:  You know , you don't really like it . 
C:  So we 're not  we 're not abs we 're not required to use 
C:  their packages . We are required at the end to give them stuff in their format , but hey . 
F:  Right . 
C:  Um , 
C:  it 's , uh  
C:  It doesn't control what you do in you know , internally . 
topic_description:	XML for file interchange


C:  OK . We can end the meeting and call Adam , and then we wanna s look at some filthy pictures of Heidelberg .  
E:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  We can do that as well . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  Uh , is that OK ? 
B:  Well they had  they used the ammunition  They stored the ammunition in that tower . 
C:  Alright . 
B:  And that 's why , when it was hit by uh , a cannon ball , it exploded . 
C:  Oh . Ni - 
E:  It exploded . 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  That 's why they call it the Powder - Tower . 
B:  Ahh . 
E:  OK . 
F:  <mike noise> 
E:  I first thought it had something to do with the material that it  w that 's why I asked . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  That 's right , OK . 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Mmm . 
topic_description:	closing


