A:  It 'll just be sitting here . 
A:  OK , we 're on . 
A:  So just make sure that th your wireless mike is on , if you 're wearing a wireless . 
A:  And you should be able to see which one  which one you 're on by , uh , watching the little bars change . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  So , actually , if you guys wanna go ahead and read digits now , as long as you 've signed the consent form , that 's alright . 
A:  No . 
A:  No . 
A:  Each individually . 
A:  We 're talking about doing all at the same time 
A:  but I think cognitively that would be really difficult . <laugh> To try to read them while everyone else is . 
A:  So , when you 're reading the digit strings , the first thing to do is just say which transcript you 're on . 
A:  Um . So the first thing you 'd wanna do is just say which transcript you 're on . 
A:  So . 
A:  You can see the transcript ? 
A:  There 's two large number strings on the digits ? 
A:  So you would just read that one . 
A:  And then you read each line with a small pause between the lines . 
A:  And the pause is just so the person transcribing it can tell where one line ends and the other begins . 
A:  And I 'll give  I 'll read the digit strings first , so can see how that goes . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Again , I 'm not sure how much I should talk about  stuff before everyone 's here . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Well , why don't I go ahead and read digit strings 
A:  and then we can go on from there . 
A:  Thanks . 
A:  So , uh , just also a note on wearing the microphones . 
A:  All of you look like you 're doing it reasonably correctly , 
A:  but you want it about two thumb widths away from your mouth , 
A:  and then , at the corner . 
A:  And that 's so that you minimize breath sounds , 
A:  so that when you 're breathing , you don't breathe into the mike . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Yeah , that 's good . 
A:  And uh  
A:  So , everyone needs to fill out , only once , the speaker form and the consent form . 
A:  And the short form  
A:  I mean , you should read the consent form , 
A:  but uh , the thing to notice is that we will give you an opportunity to edit a all the transcripts . 
A:  So , if you say things and you don't want them to be released to the general public , which , these will be available at some point to anyone who wants them , uh , you 'll be given an opportunity by email , uh , to bleep out any portions you don't like . 
A:  Um . 
A:  On the speaker form just fill out as much of the information as you can . 
A:  If you 're not exactly sure about the region , 
A:  we 're not exactly sure either . 
A:  So , don't worry too much about it . 
A:  The  It 's just self rating . 
A:  Um . 
A:  And I think that 's about it . 
A:  I mean , should I  Do you want me to talk at all about why we 're doing this and what this project is ? 
A:  or  ? 
A:  Well , what we 're gonna  we 'll anonymize it in the transcript . 
A:  Um , but not in the audio . 
A:  So the 
A:  Right , so if I said , " Oh , hi Jerry , how are you ? " , we 're not gonna go through and cancel out the " Jerry "s . 
A:  Um , so we will go through and , in the speaker ID tags there 'll be , you know , M - one O seven , M - one O eight . 
A:  Um , but uh , 
A:  um , it w uh , 
A:  I don't know a good way of doing it on the audio , and still have people who are doing discourse research be able to use the data . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yeah , I mean , whatever you wanna do is fine , 
A:  but we find that  
A:  We want the meeting to be as natural as possible . 
A:  So , we 're trying to do real meetings . 
A:  And so we don't wanna have to do aliases 
A:  and we don't want people to be editing what they say . 
A:  So I think that it 's better just as a pro post - process to edit out every time you bash Microsoft . 
A:  You know ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  So th 
A:  Um . So this is  The project is called Meeting Recorder 
A:  and there are lots of different aspects of the project . 
A:  Um . So my particular interest is in the PDA of the future . 
A:  This is a mock - up of one . 
A:  Yes , we do believe the PDA of the future will be made of wood . 
A:  Um .  The idea is that you 'd be able to put a PDA at the table at an impromptu meeting , 
A:  and record it , 
A:  and then be able to do querying and retrieval later on , on the meeting . 
A:  So that 's my particular interest , 
A:  is a portable device to do m uh , information retrieval on meetings . 
A:  Other people are interested in other aspects of meetings . 
A:  Um . So the first step on that , in any of these , is to collect some data . 
A:  And so what we wanted is a room that 's instrumented with both the table top microphones , 
A:  and these are very high quality pressure zone mikes , 
A:  as well as the close talking mikes . 
A:  What the close talk ng talking mikes gives us is some ground truth , 
A:  gives us , um , high quality audio , 
A:  um , especially for people who aren't interested in the acoustic parts of this corpus . 
A:  So , for people who are more interested in language , we didn't want to penalize them by having only the far field mikes available . 
A:  And then also , um , it 's a very , very hard task in terms of speech recognition . 
A:  Um . And so , uh , on the far field mikes we can expect very low recognition results . 
A:  So we wanted the near field mikes to at least isolate the difference between the two . 
A:  So that 's why we 're recording in parallel with the close talking and the far field at the same time . 
A:  And then , all these channels are recorded simultaneously and framed synchronously 
A:  so that you can also do things like , um , beam - forming on all the microphones 
A:  and do research like that . 
A:  Our intention is to release this data to the public , um , probably through f through a body like the LDC . 
A:  And , uh , just make it as a generally available corpus . 
A:  Um . <mouth> There 's other work going on in meeting recording . 
A:  So , we 're  we 're working with SRI , 
A:  with UW , 
A:  Um . NIST has started an effort which will include video . 
A:  We 're not including video , obviously . 
A:  And uh  and then also , um , a small amount of assistance from IBM . 
A:  Is also involved . 
A:  Um . Oh , and the digit strings , this is just a more constrained task . 
A:  Um . So because the general environment is so challenging , we decided to  to do at least one set of digit strings 
A:  to give ourselves something easier . 
A:  And it 's exactly the same digit strings as in TI - digits , 
A:  which is a common connected digits corpus . 
A:  So we 'll have some , um , comparison to be able to be made . 
A:  Anything else ? 
A:  OK , so when the l last person comes in , just have them wear a wireless . 
A:  It should be on already . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Either one of those . 
A:  And uh , read the digit strings and  and fill out the forms . 
A:  So , the most important form is the consent form , 
A:  so just be s be sure everyone signs that , if they consent . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  And uh , just give me a call , 
A:  which , my number 's up there when your meeting is over . 
A:  And  I 'm going to leave the mike here 
A:  but it 's n <mike noise> Uh , but I 'm not gonna be on 
A:  so don't have them use this one . 
A:  It 'll just be sitting here . 
