A:  Welcome to the  what should be the last of these meetings 
A:  the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read , um  
A:  the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes 
A:  and uh look at the uh evaluation criteria and finance 
A:  and then uh uh just tidy up with production 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda.

B:  we basically have the same kinda lay-out here 
B:  you hold it like this 
B:  and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand , basically . 
B:  Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume , 
B:  on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda  
B:  so you can hold it and scroll , 
B:  or you can hold it and and push . 
B:  Uh this is the power key , 
B:  um it's kinda like the biggest 
B:  Uh that's the little menu key . 
B:  This is the infra-red section 
B:  Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands 
B:  so you can you know talk to it like that 
B:  Um the logo is down down there um 
B:  and  has the cover on it 
B:  the red bit's the cover 
B:  and it kinda goes over everything 
B:  and then there's holes for the buttons to come through . Um . 
A:   for some strange re reason I had it in my mind that they'd put them down vertically 
B:  we could broaden the  broaden it out a bit 
A:  but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger 
B:  if we just lengthen it I guess 
B:  so it comes down to the base of the hand 
B:  <laugh> The final product would actually stand up , yeah <laugh> . 
A:  I think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on 
abst_sum - abstract: Then the industrial designer and interface specialist present the prototype, showing where they placed each button, function, and the company logo.

C:  And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , 
C:  just kind of a light <other> non-descript grey 
C:  and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers , 
C:  so they kinda just stretch over . 
C:  spongy like is something that people wanted 
C:  and it just sort of stretches over 
B:  But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers 
C:  and then the buttons come through 
C:  each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_ . 
abst_sum - abstract: Then they talk about the material they chose, which is light gray colored and light weight plastic so that people will want to buy covers.

A:  let's have a look at the um f finance . 
A:  if I  get the uh spreadsheet up . 
A:  this is the company's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design 
A:  and I I I've treated some of these slightly uh liberally given the constraints placed on us , 
A:  for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours , then that is not a special colour , 
A:  we're just simply on batteries , 
A:  the the one th the one decision I've had to make is that um 
A:  we're <other> we will have to find a s a regular standard chip to to do this with 
A:  and I I um I'm I'm I'm certain that they they are around 
A:  that I don't think is a a serious problem . 
A:  The uh the the voice sensor is is expensive 
A:  but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design 
A:  so that that has to stay . 
A:  Um it's simply made of plastic 
A:  so th that's uh that's no problem 
A:  we haven't actually got a scroll wheel 
A:  we we we got push buttons and and a simple uh um <other> slider 
A:  I do don't know that they're special colour . 
A:  Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves 
abst_sum - abstract: Next they take a brief look at the finance by examining the materials used, chip required, shape, and color.

A:  the the costings uh come in at  exactly on target at twelve point five 
A:  uh but I thi I think we have a a very strong case to argue that uh what what we've got is is so in innovative and uh and different 
A:  that um <other> any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers 
A:  if the management expect us to be techno  again  fail again  technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give , 
A:  I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . Um . 
abst_sum - abstract: They are exactly on target at twelve point five.

A:  Andrew do you want  what do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation 
D:  Method of evaluation <other> testing the product was to just  if it met all the criteria  all the conditions that we set out to set out to solve , from the point of view of the the consumer and the management . 
D:  what I've been asked to do is , on the whiteboard 
D:  um gauge our team response to these questions . 
D:  on a scale of one to seven , one being true and seven being being false . 
D:  And then at the end just take an average 
D:  look at these questions . 
D:  Is the device f flashy and fashionable ? 
A:  I think most definitely . 
B:  I'd say definitely a one yeah . 
D:  and also uh technologically innovative ? 
B:  Yeah , defi yeah , yeah 
A:  the voice technology indeed . 
D:  Easy to use ? 
A:  I don't see we could've made it any easier . 
D:  Uh suitable for the consumer ? 
B:  Yeah definitely . 
C:  I think it made  we met all of the consumer 
D:  Uh is it complicated ? 
A:  No . 
D:  <laugh> Uh functional ? 
B:  Yeah definitely . 
A:   found easily . 
D:  We've b built in the the speech , where are you , function . 
A:  Does it take long to learn to use ? 
B:  No , not at all . 
D:  The R_S_I_ compares to the current standards , 
A:  <other> Less buttons 
B:   it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well . 
D:  <laugh> Um will device appeal to all age groups ? 
A:  I think it will 
A:  because I mean uh old older people who can't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the like like the voice bit so  
D:  we had the we had the data  saying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money 
D:  but the funct the increased functionality , <other> the e ease of use of the device might make up for that . 
B:  I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups 
A:  I think we can reasonably say it's another another one , 
A:   in in in in my interpretation of management's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement 
A:  it's it's simple to use , 
A:  um it's it's it's within budget , 
A:  I I think we've done an amazing job 
D:  one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven . 
abst_sum - abstract: Next the marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and the group talks about whether the device is flashy and fashionable, technologically innovative, easy to use, suitable for the consumer, complicated, how long it would take to learn to use it, and its appeal to all age groups.

D:  Eleven divided by <other> eleven's one so <laugh> equals average of one . 
abst_sum - abstract: They come up with an average of 1 for the evaluation.

C:  I think we worked well together 
C:  and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we were trying to make 
A:  th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity , 
C:  seemed to discuss things pretty well 
A:  I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows . 
A:  Um I won't comment on leadership , 
A:  uh teamwork I think we've uh  I think everybody's uh worked pretty well together . 
A:  Um we've just about coped with the whiteboard and digital pens , 
A:  and new ideas found , um , again gi no given relatively everyday product , I think we've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh 
A:  uh a new approach . 
A:  Um are the costs within budget ? 
A:  Yes . 
A:  Is the project evaluated ? 
A:  We're we're all happy that it it meets all the criteria , um 
abst_sum - abstract: They briefly discuss the project process and agree that they worked well together, had excellent teamwork, and created an effective product that meets the budget cost.

A:  Thank you very much indeed , 
B:  Cool , thank you <laugh> , 
A:  So I call the meeting closed . 
abst_sum - abstract: They close the meeting by thanking one another.

None
abst_sum - action: NA.

C:  And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , 
C:  just kind of a light <other> non-descript grey 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be made of light weight plastic, and a light gray color.

C:  and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers , 
C:  so they kinda just stretch over . 
abst_sum - decisions: The changeable colors will be made of ipod cover materials, a rubbery, spongy, stretchy material.

B:  Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands 
B:  Uh this is the power key , 
B:  Uh that's the little menu key . 
B:  Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume , 
B:  on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda  
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have volume slider, channel buttons, power key, menu key, infared section, microphone for voice commands.

A:  Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves 
abst_sum - decisions: Double curved shape.

A:  the the costings uh come in at  exactly on target at twelve point five 
A:  I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . Um . 
A:  that um <other> any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers 
A:  if the management expect us to be techno  again  fail again  technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give , 
abst_sum - problems: The group is exactly on budget, not including the interchangable covers which they have not calcuated in.

