A:  welcome to our detailed design meeting . 

A:  and then um I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting , what we d discussed um , 

A:  and finally a  do a production evaluation 

A:  we're gonna use a kinetic battery um , 

A:  we're choosing a latex case w in fruity colours that's curved 

B:  we made three different prototypes 

B:  our colours not  are not fixed , 

B:  Uh we have the on off button at the tip , very visible , very big . 

B:  That's our number one prototype . 

A:  The little lightning bolt in it , very cute . 

C:  We call that one the rhombus , 

C:  Um this one is known as the potato , 

C:  It's an ergonomic shape , 

C:  Um I've gone here just for just for four buttons on this one . Um 

C:  Uh this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu 

D:  Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button ? 

C:  it would make it hard to turn the machine off , to turn your T_V_ off . 

B:  And then finally we have um the Martian or the pear , either way . 

B:  <laugh> And then you have on the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional , 

B:  plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up . 

C:  in terms of making decisions , what we'd need to do is first of all decide on a form uh which of the three different shapes we want , 

B:  normally we'd go for fruity colours , 

A:  but um the f the um feature that we considered for it not getting lost . 

B:  we were we were talking about that a little bit 

B:  and we think that each of these are so distinctive , that it  it's not just like another piece of technology around your house . 

A:  Would it be very difficult to um just have an external device 

A:  a little light beep goes off ? 

A:  um that when you press it 

C:  I think it would be difficult technologically , 

C:  and then I wonder if it's if it's more just a gimmick then anything else . 

B:  There might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something , 

A:  Um we  so we do we've decided not to worry about that for now . 

A:  'cause  well , the designs are very bright , 

D:  I sort of like this one , 

D:  it just it's like small but still sort of like cute looking , 

D:  But I dunno how much any of this has to do with the fashionable , sort of cool looking thing 

A:  Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off ? 

A:  Um uh why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria , 

D:  I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for . 

D:  I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do , 

D:  I have to like write something on the whiteboard , so . 

A:  It's kind of like uh like a joystick kind of thing , 

C:  It makes look more fruity as well . 

A:  There it could have a stem like that , 

B:  is that where people are leaning then , the potato ? 

A:  Variety of colours are nice . 

B:  that's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down , that one . 

A:  I am worried about like um using a menu . 

A:  withing menus there are submenus , 

B:  on the iPod , for example , you just  every time you wanna go back you hit the menu button again 

A:  But that has a menu button separate from a select button , 

C:  the up and down buttons are used for scrolling up and down for a list of choices . 

A:  <other> Could these be used for going to submenus 

B:  maybe it can be one of those , 

B:  if you press down and hold 

B:  for two seconds , then it brings you back one level or something . 

C:  Potato . 

D:  some of the things that we've talked about before we need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to . 

D:  what we sort of wanna do is that we each need to separately 

D:  and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven 

D:  First we wanna know if it meets the fancy look and feel um objective . 

D:  in my opinion the <other>  for now at least , the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle 

A:  I I kind of think it's it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or a two . 

B:  I dunno if fancy is the word I would use . 

D:  and same sort of scale for functionality , is it functional ? 

A:  I think it'll get everything done , 

A:  then I'm gonna give it a two . 

D:  Um is it technologically innovative ? 

A:  the kinetic battery . 

B:  How many people would notice that , though ? 

D:  And if it's made of like latex , that whole idea , that's pretty cool . 

A:  Think I'm gonna go with the four as well . 

D:  Um we next wanna see if it has a spongy quality 

A:  Give it a one . 

D:  and the next is , does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables <laugh> ? 

D:  is it gonna be yellow ? 

B:  We might wanna keep it yellow . 

A:  I know it would make it a little less c a little more confusing , 

B:  it was inspired by the potato , 

A:  I think i it's kind of mangoey too . 

B:  That's a much more trendy than a potato <laugh> 

D:  um , and does the design match the appropriate behaviour ? 

D:  so I'm gonna give it a one . 

D:  also we talked earlier about R_S_I_ and wanting to prevent um any sort of like Carpal Tunnely kind of thing . 

A:  And if it's repetitive movement it is gonna be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing , 

D:  And the ease of learning it . 

B:  The menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing , 

C:  because you have to you have to use the menu system 

C:  So I'd I'd give it a four . 

D:  also earlier we had something about losing it 

A:  I think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour , 

D:  I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a four , 

D:  <other> how w how well does it address just being simple ? 

D:  Um it like wants to be simple but it's not like totally totally simple , 

B:  I'm  give it a three I guess . 

D:  and fashionable ? 

A:  It's totally fashionable . 

D:  I think it's bringing technology and fashion together real really well . 

D:  And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal , that whole thing ? 

A:  if we offer in a  in at least three different colour arrangements . 

A:  So I'll give it a a two  . 

A:  we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo , 

B:  I think all of them should have an R_R_ . 

A:  now we're gonna look at finances . 

A:  We're using kinetic battery , 

A:  Simple . 

C:  Guess it's double-curved . 

D:  don't we need plastic , and  

D:  It was rubber and special colour , 

A:  we're using  we're gonna need at least two special colours . 

B:  I don't know what the se the basic colour is though . 

B:  like we'll have yellow and black . 

A:  Maybe the R_R_ will be in colour as well , 

A:  And how many buttons do we have ? 

D:  We have six . 

A:  the case material will just have one colour , 

A:  but then the buttons will be in special colours ? 

A:  Special form ? 

B:  I think they're fine . 

A:  Thirteen point seven . 

A:  what can we reduce ? 

B:  let's have our buttons all be one colour . 

A:  Maybe it's single-curved , 

B:  <laugh> It's single curved . 

A:  case material is rubber 

B:  It was it was thirteen 

A:  Now it's twelve . 

C:  What was our target price again ? 

B:  Twelve point five . 

A:  So we're okay , I think . 

A:  Um are the  are the costs under twelve fifty Euro ? 

B:  Yes . 

A:  Let's move on to the project evaluation . 

A:  So I guess what we're gonna talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project , 

A:  the whiteboard . 

B:  I felt very creative . <laugh> 

C:  <laugh> I think we've been successful 

B:  I enjoyed making the prototypes . 

B:  I think we could've done even better with a little bit more information , 

B:  but given given what we had I think that we did we did really well . 

D:  if I'd had more market research on the  fruits and vegetables , maybe we could've taken that into account . 

D:  I thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally , 

D:  That was the last one , like I chose not to do a PowerPoint 

A:  I think we all made um very significant contributions , 

B:  Mm . What did we find for new ideas ? 

A:  Is the project evaluated ? 

B:  Yes . 

A:  there's the final questionnaire and meeting summary . 

A:  this is the great product kids , 

A:  and that we have a market for it , um especially if we can produce it at twelve point three 

A:  Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the um the final results 

A:  <laugh> I do like the Martian remote . 

D:  I would break it . <other> I would break it . 

B:  <laugh> Is  it started as a pear , 

D:  Kind of looks like a penguin , like <laugh> with no eye <laugh> . 

D:  Nothing will come up until after our meeting's supposed to be over , 

A:  otherwise the technology  today was kinda cool . 

A:  I got more master classes , 

B:  what did I get through the corporate website ? 

D:  the Excel thing is pretty cool . 

B:  I learned a lot actually . 

B:  I wrote it all down , 

A:  I I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing . 

C:  . We didn't we didn't use the whiteboard that much 

A:  Although I don't see how we could have very l at least for me 

D:  and I think usually , like whiteboards are good , you know like crossing out ideas , or like if we had had like a brainstorming period . 

B:  we could've put our brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it , 

A:  And with and with the PowerPoint that we can all look at , like you can do all those things pretty much on PowerPoint 

D:  'cause we all needed them separately , kind of on the whiteboards in this room . 

A:  when you were um creating your um prototypes here , did you work together or did you like do separate projects ? 

C:  . Uh we we worked together 

C:  like we sort of made different 

B:  well done with the management , I felt well managed . 

C:  . I think we did well in first of all giving our meetings the time 

A:  It's kinda fun . 

C:  actually we we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings 

C:  <laugh> I know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided 

A:  I think the last time we had a lot of information , but at the same time not quite enough , 

A:  like we we couldn't answer every single question . 

B:  And I I felt the first two meetings , that I was coming in with no information , 

A:  Um . I'm a little  I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a  um something for losing the remote , 

A:  Just gonna make  I'm making full minutes , 

B:  How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you , 

A:  Most of it , 

B:  I didn't even think about adding slides , 

B:  I think the R_ and R_ , especially if the yellow and black one . 

A:  I think we just need the um the R_R_ , 

A:  'cause they didn't give me any clear , like yellow , grey , or  . 

D:  I guess it is black , grey . 

D:  I just feel like if you're really doing like a a really big market evaluation , you wouldn't just have like one set of source , 

