I:  do you ? 
I:  Um , I think Brian is on vacation now 
I:  but , uh , before he left we gave him , uh , another set of meetings to give to the transcribers . 
I:  And  
I:  Uh , what is it ? 
I:  Four ? 
I:  Four . 
I:  Test . 
I:  What am I ? 
I:  Test . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  OK . 
I:  So we gave them four meetings before he left 
I:  and , um , 
I:  that 's it . 
I:  So , um , I don't think we 'll hear from him before he gets back . 
I:  I don't know . 
I:  I don't know . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  Oh . 
I:  Right . 
I:  Mm - hmm . 
I:  Why are  why are they asking us ? 
I:  Well that 's  that 's why I 'm asking . 
I:  How many channels ? 
I:  How in the world are they gonna ever distribute this ? 
I:  You 're gonna have to just get  
I:  Because our  
I:  We 're  we 're estimating that ours  
I:  if we collect say a hundred meetings 
I:  and each meeting is just the audio , 
I:  compressed audio 's half a gig , 
I:  so there 's fifty gigs just for our corpus . 
I:  For a hundred meetings . 
I:  And , uh , you know  
I:  That 's sixteen . 
I:  And so , 
I:  even  even a distribution of fifty gigs , 
I:  you know , it 's  if you use D V Ds or something , that 's  
I:  It 's still , yeah , two or three D V 
I:  but  
I:  If you use both sides and the two layer and all that . 
I:  S seventeen . 
I:  Yeah . Yeah . 
I:  Mm - hmm . 
I:  I say we give it to LDC and let them do it . 
I:  Um , we 're OK . 
I:  We 've got  for the , uh , compressed meetings we 've still got about , 
I:  I think it was four gigs , uh , on the one disk that we 're using . 
I:  And we 've got several  
I:  we ' v we 've still got , uh , quite a bit of space on the , uh , un - backed - up . 
I:  So . 
I:  But I  I think it 's probably  we should start thinking about where to go next , 
I:  especially on the backed - up disk space . 
I:  That 's the un - backed - up . 
I:  Yeah . Those are the u 
I:  So , for example , the , uh  Guenter 's Wall Street Journal data went onto one of those , 
I:  uh , some other experiment things that people are doing are on there , 
I:  and  
I:  So . <laugh> If you put it there people will use it . 
I:  Yeah . So . 
I:  Have to change servers , actually . 
I:  Well , we could  we could  There are a bunch of disks that we have , uh , that are s s smaller . 
I:  And they 're , like , seventeen . 
I:  We could go to thirty - five . 
I:  So we could <inbreath> get some extra space out of that . 
I:  But the s right now the server 's full . 
I:  We couldn't add any more disks . 
I:  We could  change a smaller disk for a larger one . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  Well , then there 's the other issue is that to g to g add more disk now , um , David says we really need to go to new servers . 
I:  But he wants to go to new servers not just for us 
I:  but for other groups too . 
I:  So there 's this sort of coordination issue , 
I:  and 
I:  I guess I need to talk to him more about  
I:  Yeah . 
I:  Well , when they come out with an 
I:  When they come out with the eighty gig microdrive then we 'll just send one of those little things around with all the meeting data . 
I:  Yeah . The  the pie chart shows actually  m meetings that are , 
I:  uh  
I:  it combines the categories of , you know , " currently in  " 
I:  Oh ! Well , I 've got it right there , I think . 
I:  Yeah . There 's  there 's just a few , uh , 
I:  Um . Yeah , 
I:  except I  I 'm tethered . 
I:  Uh , 
I:  OK . 
I:  It combines categories . 
I:  So when we say " transcribed " , we mean either in the process of being transcribed , either here or at IBM , 
I:  or completed transcription , 
I:  and it also includes , uh , checked . 
I:  So it includes a lot of categories together . 
I:  So . 
I:  And that  I think that that status thing is kinda old actually right now . 
I:  That one that you have ? 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  The  
I:  the date on this one is July twenty - sixth , 
I:  so , uh , I have to update it . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  So we have total number of meetings is seventy - eight  meetings 
I:  and , uh , uh , 
I:  the total meeting time is seventy - five hours . 
I:  And , um  <mouth> So , 
I:  the ones that are finished being transcribed , as opposed to in the process of being transcribed  
I:  we 've got twenty - six hours that are finished being transcribed . 
I:  Um . So there 's , uh , several processes to the transcription . 
I:  There 's , uh  
I:  I it ranges from being assigned to a transcriber , to  them finishing transcription , to then being checked , 
I:  you know , with a double - check . 
I:  And so , when we say the total transcribed , that 's the one that 's gone through being checked , I believe . 
I:  I think that 's what the  I have here . 
I:  But not yet approved . 
I:  And then there 's , uh  the final one is approved for release . 
I:  That 's after the meeting participants have  gone through it . 
I:  Yeah , if you know . 
I:  Yeah , currently that 's zero , released  uh , approve 
I:  Huh ? 
I:  OK . 
I:  OK . So we have five that are potentially releasable then . 
I:  Yeah . That 's approval in progress . 
I:  Yeah . 
I:  Thursdays ? 
I:  Oh ! 

I:  Are you using  ? 
I:  Are you using the  ? 
I:  Oh , you  oh , you are . 
I:  We already talked about that . 
I:  The XML  <inbreath> Reading 
I:  SAX . Yeah . 
I:  Right . Right . 
I:  Who was that ? 
I:  Did you build any houses ? 
I:  Don't even really notice , 
I:  do you ? 
