D:  Alrighty . 
D:  Well 
D:  Write down that poem . 
D:  Let us know when you 're done , though 
D:  cuz we want to start the meeting . 
D:  Now , how do you do the mike ? 
D:  I keep getting it in my nose . 
D:  Oh ! 
D:  Oh ! This is good . 
D:  Oh ! I like this . 
D:  I like this . 
D:  I like this , 
D:  this is much more comfortable . 
D:  I could have it more at the midline . 
D:  Boy ! It 's very  adjustable now . 
D:  I 'm on number four . 
D:  May I pass the folder to Dan ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  I 'm mike  I 'm on mike four . 
D:  and it 's a very nice microphone , 
D:  very modern . 
D:  I like it very much . 
D:  You didn't get the s head restraint with your system ? 
D:  I did modify my my mike uh distance from my speaking apparatus . 
D:  Slightly . 
D:  That 's a good way . 
D:  Should I draw a map ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  He 's labelling  he 's labelling right now . 
D:  Now . 
D:  OK . 
D:  We have what ? What do we have ? 
D:  Well done . 
D:  Well done . 
D:  You 're probably wondering why I brought you all here today . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Shall I  n 
D:  I 'd like to hear one  
D:  Yeah , I 'd like to hear one more . 
D:  Could I hear you next ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  So , basically they 're kind of like sentences but with n numbers instead of words . 
D:  OK . 
D:  So , I 'm  I 'm on uh number four with the microphone around my neck 
D:  and I will read these . 
D:  OK . 
D:  It really sounds like sentences . 
D:  Your intonation sounds like  somewhat like sentence intonation . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  Um , 
D:  OK . 
D:  If I were to be dictating a phone number , I would have done that more slowly , 
D:  but uh  which would have been easier for the  of course , for the machine . 
D:  But . Was that an OK pace ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  Just as long as it 's with  you know , uh within the constraints . 
D:  Number four . 
D:  Oh , Sorry . 
D:  and the voice . 
D:  Just no way . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Oh , you did . 
D:  Oh . 
D:  Um , because my name was  was mentioned when I wasn't around , 
D:  but I 'm most happy . 
D:  Oh , uh he did . 
D:  and  and I approved . 
D:  but I think that I was uh proposed before I was asked ? 
D:  And that doesn't matter 
D:  cuz I think there was probably an a uh y an indication that  that I was interested in advance 
D:  and , in which case , I thank you . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I 'm going to provide  I 'm going to be  
D:  once I 'm given the data , I will provide w word - level transcripts with uh indication of speakers , 
D:  and um 
D:  I guess speaker change in any case , 
D:  so speaker ID , 
D:  and words . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well 
D:  I 've transcribed a lot . 
D:  But um e you know , the  I mean , there are always ways of doing things more efficiently or more uh  in a more technical technically sophisticated way ? 
D:  Do you have to speak true English sentences when you do this ? 
D:  " She can't speak ! " 
D:  " It 's terrible ! " 
D:  OK , So <laugh> um 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  " No one told me that . " 
D:  " This microphone , what 's this doing around my neck ? " 
D:  OK , so um typically , what I w you know I  in  uh i what I 've done before is I have a  uh tape recorder , with a reverse button . 
D:  And you just , you know , if it 's word level e you know , you do a  e a r I just hit the r re the rewind button every couple of words 
D:  and type  what I know 
D:  and then  and then at the end do a breeze through to be sure that everything 's correct . 
D:  However , they do have software these days which  with a digitized uh record you can have control over replay through some sort of an interface . 
D:  Um . I 've never used one of those . 
D:  I know it would be an  a wonderful idea . 
D:  It 's just I haven't transcribed in  in awhile . 
D:  I mean  
D:  Foot pedals ? I 've used transcribing machines . 
D:  That 's fine . 
D:  um But I frankly didn't find it any more use to me than my  hand - held taperecorder . 
D:  However , if we have a transcribing machine I would accept it . 
D:  The other thing is , you know , having  getting hold of a transcriber . 
D:  I think that CogSci has one . 
D:  And I could probably borrow one . 
D:  You have one yourself ? 
D:  Oh , I see ! 
D:  Oh , super ! 
D:  Oh , I see . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Oh , OK . 
D:  I kn 
D:  Oh , that 'd be super . 
D:  This is great . 
D:  This sounds wonderful . 
D:  I 'm  I 'm open to  
D:  Yeah , that 's true . 
D:  Well , you know  
D:  Now , we 're at a pilot phase right now , 
D:  and  what I was told is that beginning , 
D:  you know , that the  the pilot data would be something like half hour of uh  or f you know  half hour to forty minutes of running text . 
D:  And so ,  for the pilot thing , you know , of course this would be useful . 
D:  And I w I wou I 'm assu I 'm assuming that I would not be uh you know e eh uh transcribing all of it . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  No . 
D:  No , no . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Mm - hmm , yeah , OK , so now I 've  I 've been involved with some of that . At  at CogSci , 
D:  um  So , Susan E Susan Ervin - Tripp , who you know um would typically , and I 've done this too , supervise undergrads to do this kind of thing 
D:  and they c you know , you can give them like  
D:  if you give them a little bit of instruction and  and make it interesting for them they can do it as a two ninety - eight or s 
D:  or , not two ninety - eight , what is it , one whatever , undergraduate research credit . 
D:  Because what you do is , you can  you know , build it into some sort of a  
D:  Well uh , you have to be sure you give them compensation for  you know . of some  of some sort . 
D:  What I mean is it 's not necessarily monetary . 
D:  But if they feel like they 're getting something out of it , sometimes you can do it that way . 
D:  And otherwise , as part of a grant , you can  you can do it . 
D:  some sort of minimal wage . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  OK . 
D:  OK . Well , you also want to get quality . 
D:  I mean , someone 's going to have to pass through  Either a higher level person will have to pass through , or you have to be sure you get good quality to begin with . 
D:  But um , yeah , that 's quite  you know  we 've  That 's been done . 
D:  I can ask Susan Ervin - Tripp what she would recommend on that . 
D:  She 's really  She 's done  Of the people that I know , she 's the one who 's supervised the most of those things locally . 
D:  Uh uh Doctor Susan Ervin - Tripp . 
D:  faculty member in Psychology , recently retired , 
D:  and very well known in discourse analysis . 
D:  Oh , it 's very common . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I think there 's always this question of the trade - off between uh paying more for the first pass , and then h and then editing less later . 
D:  or paying less the first pass and editing more later . 
D:  So 
D:  Oh , But that 's a s 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I should 've  
D:  Yes . 
D:  Are you speaking about Mississippi State per se ? 
D:  or are y 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Actually , I wanted to mention  There are two projects , which are international , huge projects focused on this kind of thing , actually . 
D:  One of them 's MATE , 
D:  one of them 's EAGLES . 
D:  and um . And both of them have  
D:  You know , I saw I know you know about the big book . 
D:  I think you got it as a prize or something . 
D:  Got a surprise . 
D:  And um and they have you know , a lot of  
D:  and MATE is a project which is being run out of Denmark 
D:  and um they have a lot uh  big uh , e 
D:  you know , they 're trying to set up a  a work bench or something or other . 
D:  And they have a whole bunch of tools that are associated with them . 
D:  So , I mean , there are things that in terms of like the time alignment issue 
D:  I mean ,  you guys are more expert on that , I mean , than I am , 
D:  but I want to say that I know for a fact , I keep running across these , 
D:  and those would be my first two choices of looking at . EAGLES and MATE . 
D:  And I have the documentation downstairs . 
D:  I didn't think to bring it . 
D:  Oh , I have , 
D:  but I wasn't interested in that particular issue . 
D:  So , we 're talking now , once you have words you know , how do you time align it . 
D:  and that 's . 
D:  Well , these are uh tools  
D:  So , MATE and EAGLES are both within the so - called uh Language Engineering branch , 
D:  and um so they 're intended for this kind of a comp compu s computer science application type of approach . 
D:  These are not discourse types of tools . 
D:  So . They  
D:  Can I be excused , 
D:  and I 'll go down and get my stuff ? 
D:  because um I  I do think  
D:  Are you serious ? 
D:  I  but  but  
D:  what uh  I mean , can you spare like a minute or two of a  
D:  OK . 
D:  And I go get my books and I 'll be right back . 
D:  I didn't think of bringing this . 
D:  Do I need this ? 
D:  I need my keys . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Oops ! 
D:  I need my card key . 
D:  I 'll try not to say , " So , Oh dear , Boy ! That 's itching there ! " 
D:  So , 
D:  Oops . 
D:  OK 
D:  " Specification of uh Coding workbench " , 
D:  That 's one o thing , 
D:  and then , back in here 
D:  " KCM file formats " , 
D:  This is the 
D:  Yeah , it is European . 
D:  Both of these are Eur - European , 
D:  but they have you know , American contributions , and stuff . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well i but you see they have a whole bunch of things . 
D:  What they 're doing is trying to bring together  
D:  and they rate things . 
D:  I wasn't focused on that 
D:  so I didn't  
D:  Let me show y 
D:  Have you seen this one , Dan ? 
D:  And I 'll try to get one for you , too . 
D:  Oh , you 've got one . 
D:  What are you looking at here ? 
D:  He 's got the Mark - up Framework . 
D:  Oh , yeah . 
D:  Different coding schemes . 
D:  OK . 
D:  What they 're doing is they 're comp comparing all these existing things that have been submitted 
D:  and And it includes , this one includes the TEI 
D:  and uh 
D:  so it 's  it 's um pretty broad - based . 
D:  These things do seem to be  
D:  That 's the Text Encoding Initiative . 
D:  That 's a way of marking mark - up . 
D:  so , you know , but focus on  tools to do this stuff 
D:  um , I do have a file also in addition to those things , 
D:  but 
D:  it 'll take me just a second here 
D:  Well , yeah , 
D:  I mean , if you start with a  a basic transcription and a good filter . You can  
D:  I mean , that 's sort of my feeling about it , 
D:  that you should be  you should be able to  translate between an XML and non - XML version 
D:  cuz most  at least , you know , with a focus on discourse , mostly . 
D:  Oh ! I wanted to 
D:  This  this approach here  This is Uli Heid from Stuttgart  
D:  is um a query language for research in phonetics where he wants to build in ToBI tags 
D:  and  so you can determine 
D:  um  I wanted to mention this to you . 
D:  I was going to come by and ask you about this . 
D:  Do you know about the Stuttgart um people ? 
D:  Because he 's saying if you represent  
D:  He says that uh in German " selbst " is used in two different ways 
D:  so you have It either means uh " himself " or it means " even " 
D:  and you can tell the difference in terms of uh intonation . 
D:  So , they have the recordings such that they can locate things  uh with  by searching for part of speech and also intonational  tags . 
D:  Anyway ,  that 's  that . 
D:  This is true . 
D:  This is true . 
D:  Which of course is another issue . 
D:  Exactly so . 
D:  and then  I have one more thing I need to find . 
D:  And then I 'll be  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Oh .  OK . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I w I  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well that 's what Morgan mentioned to me , too . 
D:  I mean , if  in terms of the t the type  
D:  But you asked me about uh tools and things 
D:  and um There 's this one 
D:  um This is called " Transcriber " . 
D:  um " binary distribution for   for uh Linux and Solaris and SGI and Windows " . 
D:  " Transcriber is a tool for assisting creation of speech corpora . " 
D:  " It allows to manually segment , label and transcribe speech signals " 
D:  And , 
D:  uh , let 's see , 
D:  where did I get this ? 
D:  I got this from U Penn . 
D:  But  
D:  It is possible . 
D:  It could be French . 
D:  I can't really tell . 
D:  I 've never used any of them . 
D:  And so um I think it would be something that we should work uh together with , in terms of uh seeing how this  
D:  Here 's another thing I got . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Oh ! 
D:  Good idea . 
D:  Great idea . 
D:  Excellent idea . 
D:  " Automatic annotation of prosody in Verbmobil . " 
D:  This is the other think that  um  This is part of EAGLES , 
D:  but um , 
D:  but here again , it 's focusing on representation rather than the tools to do this . 
D:  Why do I feel like I 'm whispering ? 
D:  Oh ! 
D:  I think that would be lovely . 
D:  Now , so , are we talking about the stage of  uh simply the word stage ? 
D:  or are you talking about tools that would allow the time alignment as well ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Absolutely . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  OK . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Oh good ,  OK . 
D:  Fine . 
D:  Oh , cool . 
D:  Very cool . 
D:  Cool . 
D:  Cool . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Cool . 
D:  Oh , cool ! 
D:  OK . 
D:  There . 
D:  There you go . 
D:  I I love it when they 
D:  c 
D:  Did you see this one ? 
D:  The - , Did you see this one here ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  Whoa ! 

D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well , I apparently ,  
D:  you know , I roam around on  on topics like this 
D:  And I think I got this off the U Penn 
D:  and it does in fact cite a French site , 
D:  so um they have some sort of an arrangement . 
D:  Good . 
D:  You - you can access it through um  through the , uh , whatever  
D:  I can't remember which aspect of U of U Penn I was following , 
D:  but It must have been the LDC . 
D:  I  I  I bet you anything . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Well there 's  They have a special project , as I 'm remembering , 
D:  and um , usually it doesn't deal with much that has to do with discourse , 
D:  but they uh  they show up in resources . 
D:  I like that very much , 
D:  and I and I like the idea of also doing one that 's tied in with these larger corp  corpus projects . 
D:  So that , you know , the fact that , yeah , it 's U Penn and all that . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Oh , good idea . 
D:  It 's like the PDA thing . 
D:  So , like " did the French system use Tcl ? " 
D:  if anyone wants to know . 
D:  But you could get it through the U Penn  
D:  Yes ! 
D:  Yeah , there you go . 
D:  Exactly . 
D:  Well , my my impression 
D:  I  I  I really thought of these resources in the context of you  you asking about time aligning the  
D:  you know , What would you need to indicate 
D:  and were there tools for that 
D:  because um I suspect that would be uh pretty time intensive . 
D:  I also wanted to say , in terms of like disc you know , if there are discussions about intonation contours I do have a certain amount of background in that 
D:  and I really would be  I 'd like to be involved in that . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Oh , not right now , 
D:  but I mean in the future . 
D:  So at this meeting with Liz I  you know , I mean  
D:  I  I do  I 'd like to  I like that stuff . 
D:  So these are near  near field ? 
D:  there 
D:  OK . 
D:  You know , if  if we were to add  in addition , and I 'm offering this , um to the word level , also the  uh , so , stressed words , within utterances 
D:  I do think that that would help the information retrieval . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Oh , good point . 
D:  Do you think  
D:  So , are  are you familiar with this the MARS the MARSEC project ? 
D:  Um , So , I 'll put this over here , 
D:  cuz he seems to be the chairman . 
D:  Um . 
D:  Oh , he 's not ? 
D:  Well 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  He  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well , he can  y y 
D:  discuss  discuss among yourselves . 
D:  So , this is a project that um  has time - aligned spoken data 
D:  which is um  I see it as sort of in - between um these fields 
D:  because a lot of the time when people do rich um intonational and  and stress - oriented transcription they don't have the digital record at the same time 
D:  and the don't have it time - aligned . 
D:  I don't know how large this is , actually . 
D:  But I just was sort of thinking that um I 'm  I 'm  
D:  and it 's British 
D:  And you know 
D:  So . 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  I 'm d 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  One thing about that is that is that um in the process of  of doing the word level ? it really is just as easy to put the stress in at that point . 
D:  simply the stressed  
D:  Oh , oh , 
D:  well , see in my pilot stuff , 
D:  so in the half hour or so that I 'm doing . I 'd just as soon put it in , 
D:  because I do think that you 'd find that those would be words  
D:  I mean  You know of course , Rosaria 's pursuing this  this area 
D:  but I really do think from everything that I 've run across that um you  you should get gain in terms of the uh uh what you were saying , 
D:  the information retrieval aspects from that . 
D:  And I wouldn't be too surprised  
D:  I mean , it 's  it 's like uh 
D:  I mean I don't know how  how reliable Lea is , 
D:  but  if  this idea of islands of  of um for di whatever they are . 
D:  r r islands of reliability or whatever it is . 
D:  The stressed w stressed words . 
D:  Is that it ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  I mean 
D:  The claim that uh words that get stressed are easier to recognize . 
D:  So , I mean , I  I think it c there 's be sort of a benefit with very minimal input . 
D:  Cuz when you listen to a sentence , you can tell  If it 's contrastive stress 
D:  you say " Oh ! that word was stressed " 
D:  and why the heck not put it in at the word level ? 
D:  So  so , I mean , the part that I 'm doing , I 'm really happy to supply that without any  
D:  cuz it  it 's just  it 's there . 
D:  It 's not  it doesn't take any thinking . 
D:  I 'm not going to talk about , you know uh , trying grade them in any kind of careful way , 
D:  but just indicate  if th if there 's a prominent word , to indicate it . 
D:  Whatever . 
D:  Whatever . 
D:  People  
D:  Yeah , people do different  different ways , 
D:  a and so just as long as it 's systematic in my view , you can always filter it into some other format . 
D:  How many of these do you have , 
D:  these near mikes ? 
D:  Oh , OK . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Oh . 
D:  Oh , I see . 
D:  OK . 
D:  I see . 
D:  Interesting . 
D:  Very interesting . 
D:  Wow , 
D:  I 'm just really impressed by this , 
D:  um , yeah . 
D:  Well , this is , I mean , compared to the way people normally do , like , discourse stuff ? 
D:  you know , it 's like you got your  
D:  I mean they 've gotten away from w reel - to - reel tapes , 
D:  but  
D:  and they do have DAT recorders , 
D:  I mean you do have  
D:  but I mean this is just wonderful , the uh added level of yeah , compactness in the channels . 
D:  I do find myself whispering . 
D:  I mean , I suspect  My normal s . 
D:  I don't know why . 
D:  It 's bizarre . 
D:  yeah , this is not really my normal  pattern . 
D:  I think the problem is that I 'm afraid that I 'm talking into someone 's ear . 
D:  I really do . 
D:  So it 's  so it 's like  
D:  And I realize now  that you have volume uh control . 
D:  But uh 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Oh good . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Good . 
D:  I 'm glad . 
D:  Good . 
D:  That 's great . 
D:  Are these more expensive or less expensive than this kind ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  It would be like the television . effect or something , maybe . 
D:  That 's probably why I thought he was the chairman . 
D:  Oh good . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Here , here ! 
D:  OK , this is Jane . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Alrighty . 
