D:  So . On Friday we had our wizard test data test and um <outbreath> these are some of the results . 
abst_sum - abstract: A test run of the data collection design was very successful.

D:  Um , we have to refine the tasks more and more , which of course we haven't done at all , so far , in order to avoid this rephrasing , 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 
B:  Um  And also if she 's willing to take on the job of organizing all those subjects and stuff that would be wonderful . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group decided to hire the "wizard" and continue with the refinement of the design and recruitment of subjects.

None
abst_sum - abstract: On the other hand, there was a presentation of a new version of the belief-net for the Vista/Enter/Tango mode task.

A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net 
A:  and I grouped things according to what  how I thought they would fit in to uh image schemas that would be related . 
A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 
D:  But the uh  the  the nice thing is that you know , it just is a  is a visual aid for thinking about these things which has comple clearly have to be specified m more carefully 
abst_sum - abstract: It is not a working net yet, but identifying clusters of features that define the output mode provides a visual aid for further work.

B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 
abst_sum - abstract: There are potential problems from a combinatorics perspective.

B:  which is there are technical ways of doing it , 
B:  And the other trick , which is not a technical trick , it 's kind of a knowledge engineering trick , is to make the n  each node sufficiently narrow that you don't get this combinatorics . 
abst_sum - abstract: These can be tackled either with technical adjustments or through careful knowledge engineering.

B:  we have to add , you know , not too much about um object types and stuff , 
B:  that 's another sort of thing " OK , here 's a  another kind of minimal uh way of tackling this " . 
B:  Add extra properties , 
B:  a deterministic rule for every property 
abst_sum - abstract: A base solution for the task would be to simply add some extra action-mode rules in the SmartKom system.

D:  And um  and here is exactly where what 's gonna be replaced with our Bayes - net , 
abst_sum - abstract: Action modes, however, can be inferred more efficiently by feeding a collection of features -from the ontology, discourse history, parsing, etc.- into Bayes-nets that would replace those rules.

None
abst_sum - abstract: Ideally, the results of this small task will give insights into the function of linguistic deep understanding.

B:  So . What you 're trying to get out of this deep co cognitive linguistics is the fact that w if you know about source  source , paths and goals , and nnn  all this sort of stuff , that a lot of this is the same , for different tasks . 
B:  And that  uh there 's  there 's some  some important generalities that you 're getting , 
B:  So that if you have sources , you have trajectors and stuff like that , 
B:  But what I 'd like to be able to do is to have the way that you extract properties , that will go into different Bayes - nets , be the  uh general . 
B:  What you 'd really like of course is the same thing you 'd always like which is that you have um a kind of intermediate representation which looks the same o over a bunch of inputs and a bunch of outputs . 
abst_sum - abstract: For instance, the final combination of features used in the current study may form a representation of the ontology, general enough to employ in any task that includes trajectors and paths.

B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 
abst_sum - decisions: Although the data collection test went well and it was decided to hire the "wizard", there are minor amendments in the procedure to be carried out (shortenting the preparatory reading, numbering tasks etc).

B:  my idea on that was  uh , partly we 'll talk about system stuff for the computer scientists , 
B:  but partly I did want it to get the linguists involved in some of this issue about what the task is and all  um you know , what the dialogue is , and what 's going on linguistically , 
B:  You just uh do " this is what we did , and here 's the  thing , and here 's s some of the dialogue and  and so forth . " 
abst_sum - decisions: A presentation of the data collection design should be included in the forthcoming meeting with other research groups, along with some account of the system design and the use of belief-nets.

None
abst_sum - decisions: The structure of the latter was a major issue during the meeting.

D:  So the belief - net takes as input , a vector , 
D:  and then we want to look up some more stuff in the ontology 
D:  but also we definitely want to look up in the dialogue history um some s some stuff . 
B:  There will be rules , but they aren't rules that come to final decisions , they 're rules that gather information for a decision process . 
B:  My guess is it 'll be the same basic agent that um can go off and get information , run it through a  a c this belief - net that  
abst_sum - decisions: Their input vector is to be provided by information extracted from the various modules of the system, such as the ontology and discourse history, using standard rule-based methods.

B:  and you wanted to specialize it to these three ones , then you would have to supply the parameters . 
B:  and that may actually involve getting more information . 
abst_sum - decisions: The output action essentially provides additional semantic parameters for the X-schema, and, in turn, may trigger the collection of more features from the data.

D:  I think we  I  I can come up with a  a code for a module that we call the " cognitive dispatcher " , which does nothing , 
D:  but it looks of complect object trees and decides how  are there parts missing that need to be filled out , 
D:  and then collect uh sub - objects and then recombine them and put them together . 
abst_sum - decisions: The feature extraction could be carried out by a software tool checking object (feature) trees and filling them with appropriate values.

None
abst_sum - decisions: For this concept to be put to work, further refinement of the belief-net variables is necessary, with particular attention on the combinatorics involved.

D:  Five minutes is just too long . 
B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 
abst_sum - problems: After the trial run of the experiment, some minor issues, like the length of the preliminary reading and the need to order the tasks given to the subjects, were highlighted.

D:  She also agrees that you know if it 's all just gonna be students the data is gonna be less valuable because of that 
abst_sum - problems: It is also possible that the pool of subjects ends up comprising almost entirely of students; more variation in the sample is needed.

B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 
abst_sum - problems: From a system design perspective, the progress so far has shown that the combinatorics of the Bayes-net even for a simple task, like the choice of Vista/Enter/Tango mode, could render it unmanageable.

A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net 
A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 
abst_sum - problems: The belief-net presented in the meeting is not a working Bayes-net.

B:  I mean , not necessarily in th in this meeting , but to try to informally think about what the decision variables are . 
A:  So the immediate problem is just deciding w which  
D:  Aspects of the X - schema to add . 
abst_sum - problems: Consequently, it is as yet unclear what the decision nodes in the net are, and what values these can take.

B:  The harder problem is we decide what we want to use , how are we gonna get it ? 
abst_sum - problems: Even if those were decided, how to extract the necessary information from the data, would still be an open issue.

B:  And I don't yet see how that goes . 
abst_sum - problems: Looking at the bigger picture, the current task is yet to provide insights into more general ways to achieve linguistic deep understanding.

B:  and uh see if we can find a way to present this to this linguists group that  that is helpful to them . 
abst_sum - problems: With these intricacies in mind, it is not easy to put together a presentation of the project cohesive and attractive enough for the other research groups in the institute.

