C:  <mike noise> 
A:  Hey , you 're not supposed to be drinking in here dude . 
E:  <laugh> 
E:  So you can just um , you know , say the number at the transcript top , the thing that says " transcript " .  
D:  OK . 
A:  <laugh-breath> 
D:  Transcript number three two seven one three two nine O .  
D:  nine seven five nine zero two zero  
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  O  
D:  zero  
D:  one  
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  three two six seven six four  
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  four seven five  
D:  five  
A:  <outbreath> <laugh> 
D:  six eight four  
D:  seven  
D:  eight  
D:  nine zero one  
D:  zero one one eight  
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  one three one two three O one  
D:  two seven five  
D:  three  
D:  four nine nine  
D:  five  
D:  six O nine  
D:  eight two  
D:  nine five four two one  
A:  Do we have to read them that slowly ? 
A:  OK . Sounded like a robot . 
A:  Um , this is t 
A:  transcript three eight nine one three nine one zero .  
D:  <mike noise> 
A:  three three six zero zero  
A:  four two zero zero one one seven  
A:  five six  
A:  six nine  
A:  seven  
A:  eight  
A:  O three  
A:  zero five three  
A:  one five six six  
A:  two eight seven six five  
A:  three  
A:  four  
A:  five zero  
A:  seven two seven nine O three eight  
A:  eight three nine  
A:  nine nine  
A:  O eight eight nine two  
A:  zero eight two eight  
A:  one  
A:  two zero seven three  
C:  <mike noise> 
C:  This is transcript three nine five one three nine seven O .  
C:  five  
C:  six zero five one one  
C:  eight one eight  
C:  nine five  
C:  O five seven O seven  
C:  zero  
C:  one  
C:  two  
C:  three zero  
C:  five one two three four  
C:  six five two five eight six O  
C:  seven seven six six zero  
C:  eight nine one seven  
C:  nine  
C:  O  
C:  zero zero seven  
C:  two two one four  
C:  three three zero two two  
C:  four three  
C:  five eight zero three seven four five  
E:  Great . I 'm thinking , why don't you guys go ahead and start  I mean , the data of the  of you guys talking to each other is still useful . And then when your colleagues come in you know , it 'll  it 's recording now , so it 'll just keep recording . 
E:  And then if  Would you do me a big favor , um , maybe Robert , cuz you know how to do this , that 's just hitting the square ? the black square when you 're done ? 
E:  But make sure not to hit the " record " again . It will erase everything . 
C:  <mike noise> 
E:  If you hit that black square , that 's great . 
C:  <mike noise> 
E:  I 'm gonna be in the meeting that might run over to four o ' clock @ @ finished . 
C:  <mike noise> 
E:  And then when you leave , just turn off the microphones , the batteries go up and down and  That 's great . 
C:  <mike noise> 
E:  And if Jerry and Nancy are willing to read the numbers that would be great as well . <laugh> 
E:  At least we got yours . 
E:  OK . Thanks . Have a good meeting . 
C:  OK . 
A:  When you read the numbers it kind of reminded me of beat poetry . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  I tried to go for the EE Cummings sort of feeling , but  
A:  <laugh> Three three six zero zero .  
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Four two zero zero one seven .  
A:  That 's what I think of when I think of beat poetry . 
C:  Beat poetry . 
C:  <mike noise> 
A:  You ever seen " So I married an axe murderer " ? 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Uh parts of it . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  There 's a part wh there 's parts when he 's doing beat poetry . 
C:  Oh yeah ? 
A:  And he talks like that . 
A:  That 's why I thi <laugh> 
A:  That uh probably is why I think of it that way . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  No , I didn't see that movie . Who did  who made that ? 
A:  Mike Meyers is the guy . 
D:  Oh . OK . 
A:  It - it 's his uh  it 's his cute romantic comedy . That 's  that 's  
A:  That 's his cute romantic comedy , yeah . 
A:  The other thing that 's real funny , 
A:  I 'll spoil it for you .  
A:   is when he 's  he works in a coffee shop ,  
A:  in San Francisco ,  
A:  and uh he 's sitting there on this couch and they bring him this massive cup of espresso , 
A:  and he 's like " excuse me I ordered the large espresso ? " <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  Uh . We 're having , <outbreath> a 
D:  tiramisu tasting contest this weekend .  
A:  <laugh> 
A:  Wait  do are y 
A:  So you 're trying to decide who 's the best taster of tiramisu ? 
D:  No ? Um . There was a  a  
D:  a fierce argument that broke out over whose tiramisu might be the best and so we decided to have a contest where those people who 
A:  Ah . 
D:  claim to make good tiramisu make them , and then we got a panel of impartial judges that will taste  do a blind taste <inbreath> 
C:  <mike noise> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  and then vote . 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  Should be fun . 
D:  <outbreath> 
A:  Seems like  
A:  Seems like you could put a s magic special ingredient in , so that everyone know which one was yours . 
A:  Then , if you were to bribe them , you could uh  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well , I was thinking if um  y you guys have plans for Sunday ? We 're  we 're not  it 's probably going to be this Sunday , but um we 're sort of working with the weather here 
D:  because we also want to combine it with some barbecue activity where we just fire it up and what  whoever brings whatever 
D:  you know , can throw it on there . 
D:  So only the tiramisu is free , 
D:  nothing else . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <outbreath> 
A:  Well , I 'm going 
A:  back to visit my parents this weekend , so , I 'll be out of town . 
D:  So you 're going to the west Bay then ? 
D:  No , south Bay ? 
A:  No , the South Bay , yeah . 
D:  South Bay . 
C:  Well , I should be free , so . 
D:  OK , I 'll let you know . 
B:  I 'm sorry . I was looking for you guys downstairs . I didn't know that you had moved the meeting . Alright . 
C:  OK . 
B:  So , are we recording ourselves ?  
A:  We are . 
B:  Alright . 
A:  Is Nancy s uh gonna show up ? 
B:  She 's got a student with her now . So , she probably won't . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  <mike noise>  
A:  Wonder if these things ever 
A:  emit a very , 
A:  like , piercing screech right in your ear ? 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  No , no . The Human Subjects Committee wouldn't allow it . 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  They are gonna get more comfortable headsets . 
B:  <mike noise> 
B:  Good . 
D:  They already ordered them . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  Uh - huh . 
D:  OK . 
C:  Uh  
topic_description:	chitchat


D:  Let 's get started . 
D:  The uh  
D:  Should I go first , with the uh , 
D:  um , 
D:  data . Can I have the remote <outbreath> control . Thank you . 
B:  <mike noise> 
B:  <breath> 
D:  OK . 
topic_description:	opening


D:  So . On Friday we had our wizard test data test 
D:  and um <outbreath> 
D:  these are some of the results . <inbreath> 
D:  This was the introduction . 
D:  Well , if we  we um <mike noise>  
D:  <mike noise> 
D:  We had her fooled in the beginning . She thought it was a recording in the beginning and was surprised that a human came on . 
D:  <mike noise>  
D:  Um , maybe she had some doubts later on whether the first part was a recording or not , but while she was speaking to it , she didn't . 
B:  So , are  are you trying to record this meeting ? 
D:  <mike noise> 
D:  There was a strange reflex . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  And um I told her that we gonna um figure out a meeting time in the near future to refine the tasks and s look for the potential sources to find people . 
D:  She also agrees that you know if it 's all just gonna be students the data is gonna be less valuable because of that so . 
B:  Well , as I say there is this s set of people next door , it 's not hard to 
D:  We 're already  
D:  Yeah . 
B:  uh  
D:  However , we may run into a problem with a reading task there . 
D:  And um , we 'll see . 
B:  Yeah . We could talk to the people who run it and um see if they have a way that they could easily uh tell people that there 's a task , pays ten bucks or something , but 
D:  Mm - hmm . Yeah . 
C:  <mike noise> 
B:  um 
B:  you have to be comfortable reading relatively complicated stuff . And  and there 'll probably be self - selection to some extent . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Yep . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  so that 's good . Um . 
D:  OK . 
topic_description:	wizard test data test


D:  I actually uh , 
D:  even though Liz was uh kind enough to offer to be the first subject , I 
D:  sort of felt that she knew too much ,  so I asked uh Litonya . 
B:  <pages turning> 
D:  just 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  on the spur of the moment , and she was uh kind enough to uh 
D:  serve as the first subject . So , this is what she saw as part of  as uh for instr introduction , this is what she had to read 
D:   aloud .  
D:  Uh , that was really difficult for her 
D:  and uh  
C:  Because of l all the names , you mean ? 
D:  The names and um 
D:  this was the uh first three tasks she had to  to master after she called the system ,  
D:  and um 
D:  then of course the system broke down , and those were the l uh 
D:  uh I should say the system was supposed to break down and then um these were the remaining three tasks that she was going to solve , with a human  <inbreath> 
D:  Um . 
topic_description:	subject's task


D:  There are  here are uh the results . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  And I will not  
G:  Culture on every corner , and more than ten museums @ @ five playhouses , city theater Zwinger three . Visit our parts of the civi 
D:  We will skip the reading now . D 
D:  Um . 
D:  And um . 
D:  The reading was five minutes , exactly . And now comes the  This is the phone - in phase of  
F:  Thank you for calling Heidelberg Tourist Information . How may I help you ? 
C:  Wait , can I  I have a question .  So . 
G:  Hi . I want to um 
C:  So there 's no system , right ? Like , there was a wizard for both uh  both parts , is this right ? 
D:  Yeah . It was bo it both times the same person . 
C:  OK . 
D:  One time , pretending to be a system , one time , to  pretending to be a human , which is actually not pretending . I should  
C:  <laugh> OK . 
C:  And she didn't  I mean . Well . Isn't this kind of obvious when it says " OK now you 're talking to a human " and then the human has the same voice ? 
D:  No no no . 
D:  We u Wait . 
D:  OK , good question , but uh 
D:  you  you just wait and see . 
D:  It 's  You 're gonna l learn . 
C:  OK . 
D:  <inbreath> And um the wizard sometimes will not be audible ,  
D:  Because she was actually  they  there was some uh lapse in the um wireless , 
D:  we have to move her closer . 
G:  I 'm deciding on going to the concert of the Hindelberg  for the Hindelberg Symphony Orchestra . 
G:  I want to buy something elegant in one of the designer boutiques 
G:  which is located on Friedrich Ebert um Anlage ?  Do you understand that ? 
F:  In order to get to the Friedrich Ebert Anlage , turn around and go towards the church . Next you have to t at the church into the Friedrich Ebert Anlage . 
G:  OK . 
G:  And  
A:  Is she mispronouncing " Anlage " ? Is it " Anlaga " or " Anlunga " 
G:  I want @ @ what a um sunken castle is . 
D:  They 're mispronouncing everything , but it 's  
A:  OK . <laugh> 
F:  A sunken castle differs from the regular sort of castle in that it is built in a flat region , rather than on a mountain . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <outbreath> 
G:  OK . 
A:  <laugh> 
G:  Oh , and I also remember that someone told me about the historic graffiti in the old student prison .  
G:  And I wanted to know how to get there .  
F:  In order to get to the student prison , from the university square , turn right ,  and walk one block . 
G:  OK . 
D:  <laugh> 
D:  This is the system breaking down , actually . <laugh> 
F:  Hello ? 
G:  Yes . 
F:  Uh , I 'm sorry , something uh seems to have happened to the system . Um ,  see if I can help you . 
A:  <laugh> 
G:  Are you a live person ? or is this a recording ? 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  Th - I 'm a live person . 
G:  OK . Um , thing I was gonna ask you , um , OK , 
G:  @ @ 
F:  I need to know where you are , first of all 
G:  W where am I ? Um , I don't know . 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  See  c figure it out ? 
G:  I see a building that 's um under construction . 
F:  OK , uh - huh . 
F:  That 's p that 's probably the university square . 
G:  OK . So , that 's where I am . 
F:  OK . So , uh , what do you need to do ? 
G:  Um . 
G:  Can you give me a description of the Powder - Tower , at the Hindelberg castle ? 
F:  Yeah , in order to get there you have to take a bus , you 've got to take the number forty - two 
G:  Uh - huh . 
F:  To the town hall station . And then you have to transfer to the funicular train . And take the castle exit and turn right . And after about half a mile you 'll see the  the Powder - Tower on your right hand side . 
G:  OK . And  How much is it for the train and the bus ? 
A:  <laugh> 
F:  Um , you can get a  a transfer on the  on the bus for the train for about uh four marks . 
B:  <noise> 
G:  OK . OK , that 's it . 
F:  That 's all you need to do ? 
G:  Mm - hmm , thanks for your help . 
F:  Sure , bye - bye . 
G:  Bye .  <laugh> 
G:  I thought it was a recording . @ @ At first I thought it was like a recording that could pick up what you 're saying and give you directions .  
D:  Yeah . 
G:  But it was a real person . 
G:  Did I call Europe ? 
G:  @ @ 
D:  " Did I call Europe ? " <laugh> So , this is it . 
G:  @ @ 
topic_description:	plays results


D:  I have a headache . I 'm really sort of out of it . OK , the uh 
D:  lessons learned .  The reading needs to be shorter . Five minutes is just too long . 
D:  Um , 
D:  that was already anticipated by some people suggested that if we just have bullets here , they 're gonna not  they 're  subjects are probably not gonna  going to follow the order . And uh she did not . She  No . She  she jumped around quite a bit . 
C:  Really ? 
C:  Oh , it 's surprising . 
B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 
D:  Yeah , and make it sort of clear in the uh  
B:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
D:  Um . We need to  So that 's one thing . And we need a better introduction for the wizard . That is something that Fey actually thought of a  in the last second that sh the system should introduce itself , when it 's called . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  True . 
D:  And um , um , another suggestion , by Liz , was that we uh , through subjects , switch the tasks . So when  when they have task - one with the computer , the next person should have task - one with a human , and so forth . So we get nice um data for that . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Um , we have to refine the tasks more and more , which of course we haven't done at all , so far , 
D:  in order to avoid this rephrasing , so where , even though w we don't tell the person " ask  blah - blah - blah - blah - blah " 
D:  they still try , or at least Litonya tried to um 
C:  Say exactly what 's on there ? Yeah . 
D:  repeat as much of that text as possible . 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , in the sense that she responded quite nicely to things that were not 
B:  Great . 
D:  asked for , " How much is a t a bus ticket and a transfer " so this is gonna happen all the time , we d you can never be sure . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Um . Johno pointed out that uh we have maybe a grammatical gender problem there with wizard .  So um . 
A:  Yes . I wasn't  wasn't sure whether wizard was the correct term for  
A:  uh " not a man " . 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  But uh  
C:  There 's no female equivalent of  
A:  Are you sure ? 
C:  No , I don't know .  Not that I know of . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  Right . 
D:  Well , there is witch and warlock , and uh  
C:  Yeah , that 's what I was thinking , but  
A:  Yeah , that 's so @ @ . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
D:  OK . 
B:  Uh . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  And um  
D:  So , some  some work needs to be done , but I think we can uh  
D:  And this , and  in case no  you hadn't seen it , this is what Litonya looked at during the uh  
C:  Ah . 
D:  um while taking the  
D:  while partaking in the data 
D:  collection . 
B:  OK , great . 
topic_description:	lessons learnt


B:  So  first of all , I agree that um we should hire Fey , and start paying her . Probably pay for the time she 's put in as well . 
B:  Um , do you know exactly how to do that , or is uh Lila  I mean , you know what exactly do we do to  to put her on the payroll in some way ? 
D:  I 'm completely clueless , but I 'm willing to learn . 
B:  OK . Well , you 'll have to . Right . So anyway , um 
A:  <outbreath> 
D:  N 
B:  So why don't you uh ask Lila 
B:  and see what she says about you know exactly what we do for someone in 
B:  <mouth> th 
D:  Student - type worker , or  ?  
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  Well , yeah she 's un she 's not a  a student , she just graduated but anyway . So i if  Yeah , I agree , she sounded fine , she 
D:  Hmm . 
B:  a actually was  uh , more 
D:  <inbreath> 
B:  uh , present and stuff than  than she was in conversation , so she did a better job than I would have guessed from just 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  talking to her . So I think that 's great . 
D:  This is sort of what I gave her , so this is for example h how to get to the student prison , and I didn't even spell it out here and in some cases I  I spelled it out a little bit um 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
D:  more thoroughly , this is the information on  on the low sunken castle , and the amphitheater that never came up , 
D:  and um , so i if we give her even more um , instruments to work with I think the results are gonna be even better . 
B:  Oh , yeah , and then of course as she does it she 'll  she 'll learn @ @ . So that 's great . Um  
B:  And also if she 's willing to take on the job of organizing all those subjects and stuff that would be wonderful . 
D:  Mmm . 
B:  And , uh 
B:  she 's  actually she 's going to graduate school in a kind of an experimental paradigm , so I think this is all just fine in terms of h her learning things she 's gonna need to know 
D:  Mmm . 
C:  <mike noise> 
B:  uh , to do her career . So , I  my guess is she 'll be r r quite happy to take on that job . And , so  
D:  Yep . Yeah she  she didn't explicitly state that so . 
B:  Great . 
topic_description:	hire Fey as wizard


B:  Now ,  I signed us up for the Wednesday slot , 
A:   
C:   
B:  and part of what we should do is this . So , 
B:  my idea on that was  
B:  uh , partly we 'll talk about system stuff for the computer scientists , but partly I did want it to get the linguists involved 
B:  in some of this issue about what the task is and 
B:  all  um you know , what the dialogue is , and what 's going on linguistically , 
B:  because to the extent that we can get them contributing , 
B:  that will be good . 
D:  Yep . 
B:  So this issue about 
B:  you know re - formulating things , maybe we can get some of the linguists sufficiently interested that they 'll help us with it , 
B:  uh , other linguists , if you 're a linguist , but in any case , um , 
D:  Yep . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  the linguistics students and stuff . 
B:  So my idea on  on Wednesday is partly 
B:  to uh  you  I mean , what you did today would  i is just fine . You just uh do " this is what we did , and here 's the  thing , and here 's s some of the dialogue and  and 
B:  so forth . " 
B:  But then , the other thing of course is we should 
B:  um give the computer scientists some idea of  of 
B:  what 's going on with the system design , and where we think the belief - nets fit in and where the pieces are and stuff like that . 
D:  Yep . 
B:  Is  is this  make sense to everybody ? Yeah . 
B:  So , I don't  I don't think it 's worth 
B:  a lot of work , particularly on your part , to  to  to make a big presentation . I don't think you should  
B:  you don't have to make any new  uh PowerPoint or anything . I think we got plenty of stuff 
B:  to talk about . 
B:  And , then um 
B:  just see how a discussion goes . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
topic_description:	Wednesday meeting: involve linguistics and computer scientists


D:  Sounds good . The uh 
D:  other two things is um 
D:  we 've  
D:  can have Johno tell us a little about this 
B:  Great . 
D:  and we also have a l little bit on the interface , M - three - L enhancement , and then um that was it , I think . 
D:  Close this down .  
topic_description:	the belief net


A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net because 
A:  I was  I  I took  I tried to 
A:  conceptually do what you were talking about with the nodes that you could expand out  so what I did was I took  I made these dummy nodes called Trajector - In and Trajector - Out that 
B:  Yep . 
A:  would isolate the things related to the trajector . And then there were the things with the source and the path and the goal . 
B:  Yep . 
A:  And I separated them out . And then I um did similar things for our  our net to  uh with the context and the discourse and whatnot , 
A:  um , so we could sort of isolate them or whatever in terms of the  the top layer . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And then the bottom layer is just the Mode .  
B:  So , let 's  let 's  Yeah , I don't understand it . Let 's go  
A:  So . 
B:  Slide all the way up so we see what the p the p 
B:  very bottom looks like , or is that it ? 
A:  Yeah , there 's just one more node and it says " Mode " which is the decision between the  
D:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , great . Alright . So  
C:  <mike noise> 
A:  So basically all I did was I took the last  belief - net 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  and I grouped things according to what  how I thought they would fit in to 
A:  uh image schemas that would be related . And the two that I came up with 
B:  Yep . 
A:  were Trajector - landmark and then Source - path - goal as initial ones . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And then I said well , uh the trajector would be the person in this case probably . 
B:  Right , yep . 
A:  Um , 
A:  you know , we have  we have the concept of what their intention was , whether they were trying to tour or do business or whatever , 
B:  Right . 
A:  or they were hurried . That 's kind of related to that . And then um 
A:  in terms of the source , the things  uh the only things that we had on there I believe were whether  
A:  Oh actually , I kind of ,  I might have added these cuz I don't think we talked too much about the source in the old one but 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  uh whether the  where I 'm currently at is a landmark might have a bearing on whether  
A:  or the " landmark - iness " of where I 'm currently at . And " usefulness " is basi basically means is that an institutional facility like a town hall or something like that that 's not  
A:  something that you 'd visit for tourist 's  tourism 's sake or whatever . 
A:  " Travel constraints " would be something like 
A:  you know , maybe they said they can  they only wanna take a bus or something like that , right ? 
A:  And then those are somewhat related to the path , so that would 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  determine whether we 'd  could take  we would be telling them to go to the bus stop or versus walking there directly . 
A:  Um , " Goal " . 
A:  Similar things as the source except they also added whether the entity was closed and whether they have somehow marked that is was the final destination . 
A:  <inbreath> 
A:  Um , 
A:  and then if you go up , 
A:  Robert , <outbreath> 
A:  Yeah , so  
A:  um , 
A:  in terms of Context , what we had currently said was 
A:  whether they were a businessman or a tourist of some other 
A:  person . 
C:  <mike noise> 
A:  Um , Discourse was related to whether they had asked about open hours or whether they asked about where the entrance was or the admission fee , or something along those lines . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Uh , Prosody I don't really  I 'm not really sure what prosody means , in this context , 
A:  so I just made up you know whether  whether what they say is  or h how they say it 
B:  Right , OK . 
A:  is  is that . 
A:  Um , the Parse would be what verb they chose , and then maybe how they modified it , in the sense of 
A:  whether they said " I need to get there quickly " or whatever . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And um , in terms of World Knowledge , this would just basically be like opening and closing times of things , the time of day it is , and whatnot . 
D:  What 's " tourbook " ? 
A:  Tourbook ? That would be , I don't know , the " landmark - iness " of things , 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  whether it 's in the tourbook or not . 
topic_description:	me003 shows his pedagogical belief net


B:  <outbreath> 
B:  Ch - ch - ch - ch .  
B:  Now .   Alright , so I understand what 's  
B:  what you got . 
B:  I don't yet understand  how you would use it . So let me see if I can ask 
B:  a s 
A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 
B:  Right . 
B:  No , I understand that , but  but um 
B:  So , 
B:  what  
B:  Let 's slide back up again and see  start at the  at the bottom and 
B:  Oop - bo - doop - boop - boop .  Yeah . 
B:  So , 
B:  you could imagine 
C:  <mike noise> 
B:  w 
B:  Uh , 
B:  go ahead , you were about to go up there and point to something . 
A:  Well I  OK , I just  Say what you were gonna say . OK . 
B:  Good , do it ! No no , go do it . 
C:  <mike noise> 
A:  Uh  I  I 'd  
A:  No , I was gonna wait until  
B:  Oh , OK . So , so if you  if we made  if we wanted to make it into a  a real uh Bayes - net , 
B:  that is , you know , with fill  you know , actually f uh , fill it @ @ in , then uh  
A:  So we 'd have to get rid of this 
A:  and connect these things directly to the Mode . 
B:  Well , I don't  That 's an issue . So , um  
A:  Cuz I don't understand how it would work otherwise . 
B:  Well , here 's the problem . 
B:  And  and uh  Bhaskara and I was talking about this a little earlier today  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge 
B:  uh , 
B:  combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  And uh  
A:  Well I  oh yeah , I unders I understand that , I just  uh it 's hard for me to imagine how he could get around that . 
B:  Well , i But that 's what we have to do . 
A:  OK . 
B:  OK , so , so , 
B:  uh . 
B:  There  there are a variety of ways of doing it . 
B:  Uh . Let me just mention something that I don't want to pursue today which is 
B:  there are technical ways of doing it , uh I I slipped a paper to Bhaskara 
B:  and  about Noisy - OR 's and Noisy - MAXes and 
B:  there 're ways to 
B:  uh sort of back off on the purity of your Bayes - net - edness . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  so . If you co you could ima and I now I don't 
B:  know that any of those actually apply in this case , but there is some technology you could try to apply . 
D:  <mike noise> 
A:  So it 's possible that we could do something like a summary node of some sort that  
B:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And , um 
B:  So . 
A:  So in that case , the sum we 'd have  we  I mean , these wouldn't be the summary nodes . We 'd have the summary nodes like where the things were  I guess maybe if thi if things were related to business or 
B:  <inbreath> Yeah . 
A:  some other  
D:  <mike noise> 
B:  So what I was gonna say is  is maybe a good at this point 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  is to 
B:  try to informally  I mean , not necessarily in th in this meeting , 
B:  but to try to informally think about what the decision variables are . 
B:  So , if you have some bottom line 
B:  uh decision about which mode , 
B:  you know , what are the most relevant things . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  And the other trick , which is not a technical trick , it 's kind of a knowledge engineering trick , 
B:  is to make the n  each node sufficiently narrow 
B:  that you don't get this combinatorics . So 
B:  that if you decided 
B:  that you could characterize the decision as a trade - off between three factors , whatever they may be , 
B:  OK ? then you could say " Aha , let 's have these three factors " , 
B:  OK ? and maybe a binary version f for each , or 
B:  some relatively compact 
B:  decision node just above the final one . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  And then the question would be if  if those are the things that you care about , 
B:  uh can you make a relatively compact way of getting 
B:  from the various inputs to the things you care about . 
B:  So that y 
B:  so that , you know , you can sort of try to do a knowledge engineering thing 
A:  OK . 
B:  given that we 're not gonna screw with the 
B:  technology and just always use 
B:  uh sort of orthodox Bayes - nets , then we have a knowledge engineering little problem of 
B:  how do we do that . 
B:  Um  
B:  and  
A:  So what I kind of need to do is to take this one and the old one and merge them together ? So that  
B:  " Eh - eh - eh . "  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , 
B:  mmm , 
B:  something . I mean , so 
B:  uh , Robert has thought about this problem f for a long time , cuz he 's had these examples 
B:  kicking around , so he may have some good intuition 
B:  about 
B:  you know , what are the crucial things . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  and , 
B:  um , 
B:  I understand where this  the uh  
B:  this is a way of 
B:  playing with this abs Source - path - goal trajector exp uh uh abstraction and  and sort of sh displaying it in a particular way . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  I don't think our friends 
B:  uh on Wednesday are going to be able to  
C:  <mike noise> 
B:  Well , maybe they will . Well , let me think about whether  whether I think we can present this to them or not . 
B:  Um , 
B:  Uh , 
topic_description:	making a working BayesNet - combinatoric problem


D:  Well , I think this is still , I mean , 
D:  ad - hoc . This is sort of th the second 
D:  <mouth-click> version and I  I  I  look at this maybe just as a , 
D:  you know , a  a  whatever , UML diagram or , you know , as just a uh screen shot , 
D:  not really as a Bayes - net as John  Johno said . 
A:  We could actually , y yeah draw it in a different way , 
A:  in the sense that it would make it more abstract . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  But the uh  
D:  the  the nice thing is that you know , it just 
D:  is a  is a visual aid for thinking about these things which has comple 
D:  clearly have to be specified m more carefully and uh 
B:  Alright , well , le let me think about this some more , 
B:  and uh see if we can 
B:  find a way to 
B:  present this 
B:  to this linguists group that  that is helpful to them . 
D:  <clears throat> <inbreath> I mean , 
D:  ultimately we  we may w w 
B:  <breath> 
D:  we regard this as sort of an exercise in  
D:  in thinking about the problem 
D:  and maybe a first version of uh 
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  a module , if you wanna call it that , that you can ask , 
D:  that you can give input and it it 'll uh throw the dice for you , 
D:  uh throw the die for you ,  because um 
D:  I integrated this into the existing SmartKom system in  in the same way as 
D:  much the same way we can um 
D:  sort of have this uh  
D:  this thing . 
topic_description:	just exercise to think about and refine problem


D:  So if this is what M - three - L um 
D:  will look like and what it 'll give us , 
D:  um  And a very simple thing . We have an action that he wants to go from somewhere , which is some type of object , to someplace . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  And this  these uh  this changed now only um , 
D:  um  
D:  It 's doing it twice now because it already did it once . 
D:  Um , we 'll add some action type , which in this case is " Approach " 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Good . 
D:  and could be , you know , more refined uh 
D:  in many ways . Or we can uh 
D:  have something where the uh 
D:  goal is a public place 
D:  and it will give us then of course an action type of the type " Enter " . 
D:  So this is just based on this one  
D:  um , 
D:  on this one feature , 
D:  and that 's  that 's about all you can do . 
D:  And so in the f if this pla if the object type 
D:  um here is  is a m is a landmark , 
D:  of course it 'll be um " Vista " . 
D:  <mouth-click> 
D:  And um 
D:  this is about as much as we can do 
D:  if we don't w if we want to avoid uh uh a huge combinatorial explosion where we specify 
D:  " OK , if it 's this and this but that is not the case " , and so forth , it just gets really really messy . 
B:  OK , I 'm sorry . You 're  you 're  
D:  Hmm ? 
B:  It was much too quick for me . 
B:  OK , so let me see if I understand what you 're saying . 
B:  So , I  I do understand that 
B:  uh you can take the M - three - L and 
B:  add not  and it w 
B:  and you need to do this , for sure , we have to add , you know , not too much about 
B:  um 
B:  object types and stuff , 
B:  and what I think you did 
B:  is add some rules of the style that are already there that say 
B:  " If it 's of type " Landmark " , then you 
D:  <mike noise> 
B:  take  you 're gonna take a picture of it . " 
D:  Exactly . 
B:  F full stop , I mean , that 's what you do . 
B:  Ev - every landmark you take a picture of , 
D:  Every public place you enter , and statue you want to go as near as possible . 
B:  you enter   
B:  You approach .  
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  and certainly you can add rules like that to 
B:  the existing SmartKom system . 
B:  And you just did , right ? OK . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And it  it would do us no good . That  Ultimately . 
B:  Ah . 
D:  W 
B:  Well . So , s well , and let 's think about this . 
B:  Um , 
B:  that 's a  that 's another kind of baseline case , that 's another sort of thing " OK , 
B:  here 's a  another kind of minimal 
B:  uh way of tackling this " . 
B:  Add extra properties , a deterministic rule for every property you have an action , " pppt ! "  
B:  You do that . 
B:  Um , then the question would be 
B:  Uh 
B:  Now , if that 's all you 're doing , 
B:  then you can get the types from the ontology , 
B:  OK ? because 
B:  that 's all  you 're  all you 're using is this type  the types in the ontology and you 're done . 
D:  Hmm ? 
B:  Right ? So we don't  we don't use the discourse , we don't use the context , we don't do any of those things . 
D:  No . 
B:  Alright , but that 's  
B:  but that 's OK , and I mean it it 's again a kind of 
B:  one minimal extension 
B:  of the existing things . 
B:  And that 's something the uh 
B:  SmartKom people themselves would  they 'd say " Sure , that 's no problem  you know , no problem to add types to the ont " Right ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  No . And this is  just in order to exemplify what  what we can do very , very easily is , um we have 
D:  this  this silly 
D:  uh interface and we have 
D:  the rules that are as banal as of we just saw , and we have our content . Now , the content  
B:  Hmm . 
D:  I  whi which is sort of what  what we see here , which is sort of the Vista , Schema , Source , Path , Goal , whatever . This will 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  um be um a job to find ways of writing down 
D:  Image schema , X - schema , constructions , in some  some form , 
D:  and have this be in a  in a  in the content , loosely called " Constructicon " . 
D:  And the rules we want to throw away completely . 
D:  And um  and here is exactly where what 's gonna be replaced with our Bayes - net , which is exactly getting the input feeding into here . This decides 
D:  whether it 's an whether action  the  the Enter , the Vista , 
D:  or the whatever 
B:  Uh , " approach " , you called it , I think this time .  
D:  uh 
D:  Approach um construction should be activated , 
B:  That 's what you said  Yeah , that 's fine . 
D:  IE just pasted in . 
B:  <inbreath> Yeah , but  
B:  Right . But it 's not construction there , it 's action . 
B:  Construction is a d is a different story . 
D:  Yeah . <breath> 
A:  Right . This is uh  so what we 'd be generating would be 
A:  a reference to a semantic 
A:  uh like parameters for the  
B:  For  for  for  
A:  for the X - schema ? 
B:  Yes . 
A:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . <inbreath> 
B:  So that  that uh i if you had the 
B:  generalized " Go " X - schema and you wanted to specialize it to these three ones , then you would have to supply the parameters . 
A:  Right . 
B:  And then 
B:  uh , although we haven't worried about this yet , you might wanna worry about something that would 
B:  go to the GIS 
B:  and use that to actually get 
B:  you know , detailed route planning . So , you know , where do you do take a picture of it and stuff like that . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  But that 's 
B:  not  It 's not the immediate problem . 
A:  Right . 
B:  But , presumably that  that  that functionality 's there when  when we  
A:  So the immediate problem is just deciding w 
A:  which  
D:  Aspects of the X - schema to add .  
B:  <inbreath> Yeah , so the pro The immediate problem is  is back t t to what you were  what you are doing with the belief - net . You know , 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  uh what are we going to use to make this decision  
A:  Right and then , once we 've made the decision , how do we put that into the content ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . Well , that  that actually is relatively easy in this case . 
A:  OK . 
B:  The harder problem is 
B:  we decide what we want to use , how are we gonna get it ? 
B:  And that the  the  that 's the hardest problem . So , the hardest problem is 
B:  how are you going to get this information 
B:  from some combination of the  
B:  what the person says and the context and the ontology . 
B:  The h 
B:  So , I think that 's the hardest problem at the moment is  is 
A:  OK . 
B:  where are you gonna  how are you gonna g get this information . 
topic_description:	adding ontology of X-schema types


B:  Um , and that 's  so , getting back to here , uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we 
A:  There 's just too many factors right now .  
B:  don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 
A:  Right . 
B:  So we wanna think about which ones we really care about 
B:  and what they really most depend on , and can we c you know , clean this  this up to the point where it  
A:  So what we really wanna do i cuz this is really just the three layer 
A:  net , we wanna b 
B:  Right . 
A:  make it  expand it out into more layers basically ? 
B:  We might . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  I mean that  that 's certainly one thing we can do . Uh , it 's true that 
B:  the way you have this , 
B:  a lot of the times you have  
B:  what you 're having is the values rather than the variable . 
B:  So uh  
A:  Right . 
B:  OK ? So you  
A:  So instead of in instead it should really be  just be " intention " as a node instead of " intention business " or " intention tour " . 
B:  Yeah , right , and then it would have values , uh , " Tour " , " Business " , or uh " Hurried " . 
A:  Right . 
B:  But then  but i it still some knowledge design to do , about i how do you wanna break this up , what really matters . 
A:  Right . 
B:  I mean , it 's fine . 
B:  You know , we have to  it 's  it 's iterative . We 're gonna have to work with it some . 
A:  I think what was going through my mind when I did it was someone could both have 
A:  a business intention and a touring intention and 
A:  the probabilities of 
A:  both of them happening at the same time  
B:  Well , you  you could do that . And it 's perfectly OK  to uh insist that  that , you know , th 
B:  um , they add up to one , 
B:  but that there 's uh  that  that it doesn't have to be one zero zero . 
A:  Mmm . OK . 
B:  OK . So you could have the conditional p 
B:  So the  
B:  each of these things is gonna be a  a  a probability . 
B:  So whenever there 's a choice , 
B:  uh  
B:  so like landmark - ness and usefulness , OK  
A:  Well , see I don't think those would be mutually  
A:  it seems like something could both be  
B:  Absolutely right . 
A:  OK . 
A:   
B:  And so that you might want to then have those b 
B:  Th - Then they may have to be separate . They may not be able to be values of the same 
B:  variable . 
D:  Object type , mm - hmm .  
B:  So that 's  but again , this is  this is the sort of knowledge design you have to go through . 
A:  Yeah , this is just more 
A:  me taking last  the last one , and saying " how can I formalize this ? " @ @ 
B:  Right . 
B:  It 's  you know , it 's great  is  is , you know , as one step toward uh  
B:  toward where we wanna go . 
topic_description:	problem: too many factors


B:  Uh , yeah . So they 'll  they  presumably there 'll be 
B:  a thread or process or something that " Agent " , 
B:  yeah , " Agent " , whatever you wan wanna say , yeah , 
B:  that uh is rule - driven , and can  can uh  
B:  can do things like that . And um there 's an issue about whether there will be  that 'll be the same agent and the one that then goes off and uh carries out the decision , so it probably will . 
B:  My guess is it 'll be the same basic agent that um 
B:  can go off and get information , 
B:  run it through a  a c this belief - net that  
A:  Turn the crank , yeah . 
B:  turn a crank in the belief - net , that 'll come out with s 
B:  uh more  another vector , 
B:  OK , 
B:  which can then be 
B:  uh applied 
B:  at what we would call the simulation or action end . So you now know what you 're gonna do and 
B:  that may actually involve getting more information . So on once you pull that out , it could be that that says " Ah ! Now that we know that we gonna go ask the ontology something else . " 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  OK ? Now that we know that it 's a bus trip , 
B:  OK ? we didn't  We didn't need to know beforehand , uh how long the bus trip takes or whatever , but  but now that 
B:  we know that 's the way it 's coming out then we gotta go find out more . So I think that 's OK . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  <mouth-click> <inbreath> 
D:  So this is actually , s if  if we were to build something that 
D:  is um , 
D:  and , uh , I had one more thing ,  
D:  the  
D:  it needs to do  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I think we  I  I can come up with a  a code for a module that we call the " cognitive dispatcher " , 
B:  OK . 
D:  which does nothing , but it looks of complect object trees and decides how  are there parts missing that need to be filled out , there 's  this is maybe something that this module can do , something that this module can do and then collect 
D:  uh sub - objects and then 
D:  recombine them and put them together . 
D:  So maybe this is actually some  some useful tool that we can use to rewrite it , 
D:  and uh 
B:  Oh , OK . Uh . 
D:  get this part , then . Yeah . 
D:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
topic_description:	specification of interface


D:  Also it strikes me that we  we m may want to approach the point where we can sort of try to find a  
D:  uh , a specification for some interface , here that um 
D:  takes the normal M - three - L , looks at it . Then we discussed in our pre - edu  EDU meeting um how to ask the ontology , what to ask the ontology 
D:  um the fact that we can pretend we have one , make a dummy until we get the real one , 
D:  and so um we  
D:  we may wanna decide we can do this from here , but we also could do it um 
D:  you know if we have a  a  a belief - net interface . 
D:  So the belief - net takes as input , a vector , right ? 
D:  of stuff . 
D:  And it  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And um it Output is whatever , 
D:  as well . 
D:  But this information is just M - three - L , 
D:  and then we want to look up some more stuff in the ontology and we want to look up some more stuff 
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  in the  maybe we want to ask the real world , maybe you want to look something up in the GRS , but also we definitely want to 
D:  look up in the dialogue history um some s some stuff . Based on we  we have uh  I was just made some examples from the ontology 
D:  and so we have for example some information there that the town hall is both a  a  a building and it has doors and stuff like this , but it is also an institution , so it has a mayor and so forth and so forth 
D:  and we get relations out of it and once we have them , we can use that information to look in the dialogue history , " were any of these things that  that are part of the town hall as an institution mentioned ? " , " were any of these that make the town hall a building mentioned ? " , 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Right . 
D:  and so forth , and maybe draw some inferences on that . So this may be a  a sort of a process of two to three steps before we get our vector , that we feed into the belief - net , and then  
B:  Yeah . I think that 's  I think that 's exactly right . 
B:  There will be rules , but they aren't rules that come to final decisions , they 're rules that gather information for a decision process . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , no I think that 's  that 's just fine . 
topic_description:	ontology


B:  I confess , I 'm still 
B:  not completely comfortable with the overall story . Um . 
B:  I 
B:  i This  this is not a complaint , this is a promise to do more work . 
B:  So I 'm gonna hafta think about it some more . Um . 
B:  In particular  
B:  see what we 'd like to do , 
B:  and  and this has been implicit in the discussion , 
B:  is to 
B:  do this in such a way that you get a lot of re - use . 
B:  So . What you 're trying to get out of this deep co cognitive linguistics 
B:  is the fact that w if you know about source  source , paths and goals , and nnn  all this sort of stuff , 
B:  that a lot of this is the same , 
B:  for different tasks . And that  
B:  uh there 's  there 's some  some important generalities that you 're getting , so that you don't take each and every one of these tasks and hafta re - do it . 
B:  And I don't yet see how that goes . 
B:  Alright . 
D:  There 're no primitives upon which  uh yeah . 
B:  u u 
B:  What are the primitives , and how do you break this   
B:  So I y I 'm just  
B:  just there saying eee  well you  I know how to do any individual case , 
A:  Right . 
B:  right ? but I don't yet  see what 's the really interesting question is can you use uh deep 
B:  uh cognitive linguistics to  get powerful generalizations . 
B:  And um 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Maybe we sho should we a add then the " what 's this ? " 
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  domain ? 
D:  N 
D:  I mean , we have to " how do I get to X " . 
D:  Then we also have the " what 's this ? " domain , 
C:  Right . 
B:  Could . Uh . 
D:  where we get some slightly different  
D:  Um Johno , actually , does not allow us to call them " intentions " anymore . So he  he dislikes the term . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  I didn't @ @ . 
B:  Well , I  I don't like the term either , so I have n i uh 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  i i y w i i 
B:  It uh  
D:  But um , I 'm sure the " what 's this ? " questions also create some interesting X - schema aspects . 
B:  Could be . I 'm not a  I 'm not op particularly opposed to adding that or any other task , I mean , eventually we 're gonna want a whole range of them . 
D:  So . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  That 's right . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  I 'm just saying that 
B:  I 'm gonna hafta do some sort of first principles thinking about this . I just at the moment don't know . H 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Do you mean in the sense of " is there a way we can generalize the Bayes - net " , or  
B:  No . Well , no the Bayes  the Bayes - nets  
A:  Seems like it has to be specific . 
B:  The Bayes - nets will be dec specific for each decision . But what I 'd like to be able to do 
A:  OK . 
B:  is to have the way that you extract properties , 
B:  that will go into different Bayes - nets , be 
B:  the  uh general . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So that if you have sources , you have trajectors and stuff like that , and there 's a language for talking about trajectors , 
B:  you shouldn't have to do that differently 
A:  Right . OK . 
B:  for uh uh going to something , than for circling it , for uh telling someone else how to go there , whatever it is . 
D:  Getting out of   
B:  So that  that , the  
B:  the decision processes are gonna be different 
B:  What you 'd really like of course is the same thing you 'd always like which is that you have 
B:  um a kind of intermediate representation which looks the same o over a bunch of inputs and a bunch of outputs . 
B:  So all sorts of different tasks  
B:  and all sorts of different ways of expressing them use a lot of the same mechanism for pulling out what are the fundamental things going on . 
B:  And 
B:  that 's  that would be the really pretty result . 
A:  Right . 
B:  And 
B:  pushing it one step further , when you get to construction grammar and stuff , what you 'd like to be able to do is say you have this parser which is much fancier than the parser that comes with 
B:  uh SmartKom , i that  that actually uses constructions and is able to tell from this construction 
A:  The SmartKom. 
B:  that there 's uh something about the intent  you know , the actual what people wanna do or what they 're referring to and stuff , 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  in independent of 
B:  whether it  about  what is this or where is it or something , 
B:  that you could tell from the construction , you could pull out deep semantic information which you 're gonna use in a general way . 
A:  Somehow you 'd know that you needed to find out whether there  something was a landmark or something like that ? 
B:  So that 's the  
B:  You might . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  You might . 
B:  You might be able to  to uh 
B:  say that this i this is the kind of construction 
B:  in which the  
B:  there 's  Let 's say there 's a uh cont 
B:  there  the  the land 
B:  the construction implies the there 's a con this thing is being viewed as a container . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So just from this local construction 
B:  you know that you 're gonna hafta treat it as a container you might as well go off and get that information . And that may effect the way you process everything else . 
B:  So if you say " how do I get into the castle " 
B:  OK , 
A:  Right . 
B:  then um  
B:  Or , you know , " what is there in the castle " or  so there 's all sorts of things you might ask 
B:  that involve the castle as a container 
B:  and you 'd like to have this orthogonal so that anytime the castle 's referred to as a container , 
B:  you crank up the appropriate stuff . 
A:  Right . 
B:  Independent of what the goal is , and independent of what the surrounding language is . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Alright , so that 's  that 's the  that 's the thesis level uh  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  It 's unfortunate also that English has sort of got rid of most of its spatial adverbs 
D:  because they 're really fancy then , in  in  
D:  for these kinds of analysis . 
D:  But uh . 
B:  Well , you have prepositional phrases that  
D:  Yeah , but they 're  they 're easier for parsers . Parsers can pick those up but  but the  with the spatial adverbs , 
B:  Right . 
D:  they have a tough time . Because the  
D:  mean the semantics are very complex in that . 
B:  Right . 
D:  OK , yeah ? 
D:  <inbreath> I had one more  thing . I don't remember . I just forgot it again . 
D:  No . 
D:  <mouth-click> <inbreath> 
D:  Oh yeah , b But an architecture like this would also enable us maybe to  to throw this away and  and replace it with something else , or whatever , so that we have  so that this is sort of the representational formats we 're  we 're  we 're talking about that are independent of the problem , 
D:  that generalize over those problems , and are 
D:  oh , t of a higher quality than an any actual whatever um 
D:  belief - net , or 
D:  " X " that we may use for the decision making , 
D:  ultimately . 
D:  Should be decoupled , yeah . 
topic_description:	need more generalisation


B:  So , are we gonna be meeting here from now on ? I 'm  I 'm happy to do that . We  we had talked about it , cuz you have th th the display and everything , that seems fine . 
C:  <sniff> 
D:  Yeah , um , Liz also asks whether we 're gonna have presentations every time . I don't think we will need to do that but it 's  so far I think it was nice as a visual aid for some things and  and  
B:  Right . 
B:  Oh yeah . No I  
B:  I think it 's worth it 
B:  to ass to meet here 
B:  to bring this , and assume that something may come up that we wanna look at . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean . Why not . 
D:  And um . 
D:  Yeah , that was my  
C:  Yep . 
B:  Click ? 
B:  Alright . 
topic_description:	closing


B:  She was good . Litonya was good . 
D:  Yeah ? The uh  um , she w she was definitely good in the sense that she  she showed us some of the weaknesses 
B:  Right . 
D:  and um 
D:  also the um  
D:  <inbreath> the fact that she was a real subject you know , is  is  
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah , and  and  and  yeah and  and she took it seriously and stuff l No , it was great . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  So I think that um  I mean , w Looking  just looking at this data , listening to it , what can we get out of it in terms of our problem , 
D:  for example , is , you know , 
D:  she actually m said  you know , 
D:  she never s just spoke about entering , she just wanted to get someplace , and she said for buying stuff . 
D:  Nuh ?  
D:  So this is definitely interesting , and  
C:  Yeah , right . 
D:  Um , and in the other case , where she wanted to look at the stuff at the graffiti , 
D:  also , of course , not in the sentence " How do you get there ? " was pretty standard . 
D:  Nuh ?  
D:  except that there was a nice anaphora , 
D:  you know , 
D:  for pointing at what she talked about before , and there she was talking about looking at pictures that are painted inside a wall on walls , so 
C:  Right . 
D:  Actually , you 'd need a lot of world knowledge . This would have been a classical um uh " Tango " , actually . Um , 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  because graffiti is usually found on the outside and not on the inside , but 
D:  <noise> 
D:  OK . 
D:  So the mistake  would have make a mistake  the system would have made a mistake here .  
topic_description:	Litonya showed some of the task weaknesses


