A:  let's have the prototype presentation . 
C:  <cough> The base is gonna be gunmetal gray , which is what we had decided , 
C:  and it's gonna be plastic . 
C:  Um then there's the latex cover , which is what you see as red . 
C:  Um and the buttons will be a l much lighter blue , almost see-through . 
C:  The whole thing lights up if you press any button , rather than it  just that one button will light up . 
C:  Um and then at the bottom we have our logo . 
C:  And then on the side you have the buttons . 
B:  and as you've noticed on our prototype um they've ended up with a curvature kind of , 
A:  I think you did an awesome job . 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented the prototype and displayed its gunmetal color, removable casing, buttons, logo, and ergonomic design.

D:  I don't really know exactly what we should uh talk about . 
C:  Feel good meaning what ? 
C:  Physically , 
B:  Yeah , it was a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it . 
D:  Okay so , we're using the criteria uh for a seven point scale , 
D:  do we feel it's very easy to use ? 
D:  Two . That's what I say . 
D:  Okay , fashionable ? 
D:  I mean like no , I think it's very fashionable . 
B:  I'll give it a two , because at the moment it's not looking that way . 
C:  Mm I don't think it's that fashionable . 
D:  does it feel good ? 
A:  And it's i it is very ergonomically designed . 
A:  Alright , average is two . 
A:  Is it technologically innovative ? 
D:  does it have voice  I mean the phrase recognition on it ? 
B:  We could do it with the chip , yes . 
D:  And there's no way you can represent it on here . Y 
D:  so I'd probably give it a three . 
D:  But it is just a T_V_ remote . 
C:  It's just trendy , basically . 
B:  It's capable of being squishy and fruity . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert gave an evaluation of the prototype using the group's initial criteria for the remote.

D:  <laugh> So um our re model slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie appears to be a winner , 
abst_sum - abstract: The group decided that enough of their initial ideas and criteria for the remote were satisfied to be able to continue with the project.

A:  Okay , so now uh we're moving on to finance , 
A:  Um it's not hand dynamo , it's powered by battery , so we give it a  
A:  Do I just put quantity being one battery , or  
D:  And special colour . 
B:  We're really having just push-button interface . 
A:  button supplements  the buttons are no 
D:  Um they're uh they're a special form , 'cause they're indented . 
A:  Mm . Well , we're under cost then . 
A:  We've got eleven point two . 
B:  So we can go to production . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager analyzed the final production cost; the cost was lower than initially projected, at 11.2 Euros.

A:  Do I just put quantity being one battery , or  
A:  this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s , 
A:  Oh , let's just go for a lithium . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple A alkaline batteries.

A:  Now we're gonna talk about the project process 
A:  Yeah , digital pens . 
B:  <other> I really appreciated those , yeah . 
B:  The use of the laptops for receiving everything . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager then led a discussion on the project process.

D:  Oh , overall I mean I thought we did a good job like  
D:  minus it being just merely a T_V_ remote we got to choose what we wanted to do with it . 
A:  and we've all been a pretty congenial team here , I think . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group felt that they worked well together and were pleased with the prototype.

B:  We think we got stifled for cri <other> creativity by the company itself , in restricting us only to using a T_V_ remote , initially . 
C:  We didn't have a whiteboard . 
C:  And no internet . 
C:  but my one issue is just like the whole it's for T_V_ only . 
C:  I was like who's gonna buy a remote just for the T_V_ unless they've lost theirs . 
abst_sum - abstract: They complained, though, that they felt constrained by the management's directives, that they had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment, and that they did not have internet access during the project.

A:  and now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary , 
abst_sum - abstract: All participants were instructed to fill out a final questionnaire.

A:  and now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary , 
abst_sum - action: All participants will fill out a final questionnaire.

A:  Mm . Well , we're under cost then . 
A:  We've got eleven point two . 
B:  So we can go to production . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided that the prototype and the final production cost satisfied enough of their initial criteria to able to continue with the project.

A:  this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s , 
A:  Oh , let's just go for a lithium . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple A alkaline batteries in order to reduce the number of components.

B:  We think we got stifled for cri <other> creativity by the company itself , in restricting us only to using a T_V_ remote , initially . 
C:  but my one issue is just like the whole it's for T_V_ only . 
C:  I was like who's gonna buy a remote just for the T_V_ unless they've lost theirs . 
abst_sum - problems: The group felt that their options were constrained by the management's directives.

C:  We didn't have a whiteboard . 
abst_sum - problems: The group had problems with some of the meeting-room equipment.

C:  And no internet . 
abst_sum - problems: The group complained of not having access to the internet while working on the project.

