A:  so the only agenda items were Jane  was Jane wanted to talk about some of the IBM transcription process . 
F:  Uh , and you just sent off a Eurospeech paper , 
F:  So , we should probably talk about the IBM transcription process stuff that  
abst_sum - abstract: The main topics of the agenda were a paper submitted to Eurospeech and the organising of the recording transcriptions to be done by IBM.

G:  Uh , the one was that the  just the  the amount of overlap 
G:  But , even if you take out all the backchannels  
G:  you still have significant overlap . 
abst_sum - abstract: The results presented in the former show a significant percentage of overlapping speech even without counting in backchanneling.

G:  And we rescored things um , a little bit more carefully . 
G:  and then the second one was just basically the  <breath> the stuff we had in the  in the HLT paper on how overlaps effect the  recognition performance . 
G:  But basically what we found is after we take out these regions  so we only score the regions that were certified as foreground speech ,  <breath> the recognition error went down to almost <breath> uh , the  level of the non - overlapped  speech . 
abst_sum - abstract: Additionally, the high error rate in the recognition of such overlapping speech by the SRI recogniser was minimised simply by changing the scoring method used.

G:  so at the end after a discourse marker or after backchannel or after filled pause , you 're much more likely to be interrupted <breath> than before . 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, a strong correlation between pauses and interruptions was confirmed.

G:  No . Well , according to the transcripts . 
abst_sum - abstract: All these measurements were based on the sample of available transcripts.

G:  although that 's  I  I take it that 's something that uh Don will  will look at 
abst_sum - abstract: Other features, like prosody, will be studied in the near future.

G:  and also , um , the other person that wants it  There is one person at SRI who wants to look at the <breath> um , you know , the uh  the data we have so far , 
G:  and so I figured that FTP is the best  approach . 
G:  So what I did is I um  <mouth> <breath> @ @  I made a n new directory 
abst_sum - abstract: An FTP directory containing such experimental data is being set up for the benefit of other researchers.

A:  so the only agenda items were Jane  was Jane wanted to talk about some of the IBM transcription process . 
F:  So , we should probably talk about the IBM transcription process stuff that  
abst_sum - abstract: Regarding the transcriptions to be carried out by IBM, the discussion mainly concerned the format of the recordings that should be sent to them.

C:  And , if the chunked files focused on the dominant speakers , <breath> then , when  when it got s patched together when it comes back from IBM , we can add the backchannels . 
B:  and you just use the s the segments of the dominant speaker then ? For  for sending to  to IBM 
B:  But then we could just use the  the output of the detector , and do the beeping on it , and send it to I B 
D:  Without having her check anything . 
F:  but  but I  I  I have  another suggestion on that , which is , <breath> since , really what this is , is  is  is trying to in the large , send the right thing to them and there is gonna be this  this post - processing step , 
F:  and we 'll  we 'll fix things up 
abst_sum - abstract: Suggestions included sending only the channels with the dominant speakers for transcription, but it was finally agreed on sending the original files with minimal modifications, as there will be extensive in-house post-processing.

C:  so that if you  if you play  back that bin and have it in the mode where it stops at the boundary , <breath> it sounds like a normal word . 
C:  but my general goal <breath> when there was  sufficient space , room , pause  after it  to have it be  kind of a natural feeling  gap . 
abst_sum - abstract: Within this discussion, the rationale behind the coding of the time bins according to the flow of discourse was also explained.

G:  we should probably  uh  give them the non - downsampled versions . 
E:  But , um  they probably w want the originals . 
abst_sum - decisions: The files made available in the FTP directory will be the original ones (before down-sampling), as these seem to be wanted by other parties.

D:  Yeah , in fact after our meeting uh , this morning Thilo came in and said that <breath> um , there could be  other differences between <breath> the uh  already transcribed meeting with the beeps in it and one that has  just r been run through his process . 
D:  So tomorrow , <breath> when we go to make the um  uh , chunked file <breath> for IBM , we 're going to actually compare the two . 
D:  and then we 're gonna do the beep - ify on both , and listen to them and see if we notice any real differences . 
abst_sum - decisions: Moreover, as files may have been modified through different processing, tests will be carried out in order to ensure the generation of beep files in a consistent way.

A:  So what  what we 're probably gonna do is just write a script , that if two , chunks are very close to each other on the same channel we 'll just merge them . 
C:  But I like this idea of  uh , for our purposes for the  for the IBM preparation , <breath> uh , n having these  joined together , 
abst_sum - decisions: Also towards this goal, some of the time bins will need to be merged.

G:  Uh , because we could use that to fine tune our alignment process 
G:  I mean w I mean what I would  I was interested in is having  <breath> a se having time marks for the beginnings and ends of speech 
C:  I  I hand - adjusted two of them 
G:  So  so at some point we will try to fine - tune our forced alignment 
abst_sum - decisions: On the other hand, the two meetings where time bins have been hand-coded in detail will be used to fine-tune the forced alignments.

D:  We need to give Brian the beeps file , 
D:  and we send it to IBM . 
D:  The other one is <breath> we just run his thing and send it to IBM . 
D:  send it off to IBM . 
abst_sum - decisions: Recordings will be sent to IBM for transcription.

B:  But then we could just use the  the output of the detector , and do the beeping on it , and send it to I B 
D:  So the  the one suggestion is you know we  <breath> we run Thilo 's thing 
D:  The other one is <breath> we just run his thing and send it to IBM . 
D:  and that is <breath> if we go ahead and we <breath> just run his , and we generate the beeps file , then we have somebody listen beeps file . 
D:  put the beeps file , 
abst_sum - decisions: Before that, the files will be automatically pre-segmented into speech/non-speech bins and the beeps will be inserted.

C:  The other problem is , that when it  when it uh d i on the breathy ones , where you get <breath> <breath> breathing , uh , inti indicated as speech . 
B:  So , I could run this on those breathy channels , 
F:  and what that 'll do is just cut the time a little further . 
abst_sum - decisions: In order to make things easier for the transcribers, breathy channels, which are erroneously marked as speech, will be re-classified correctly with other methods.

F:  why don't we check through a bunch of things by sampling it ? 
abst_sum - decisions: All this pre-processing will have to be evaluated first by checking a sample of the output files.

A:  What can you do ? 
A:  and we 'll correct it when it comes back . 
abst_sum - decisions: Other issues, like whether and how synthesised speech off a laptop needs be transcribed, will be resolved during the in-house post-processing of the transcriptions.

G:  We actually exceeded the delayed deadline by o another day , 
G:  I hope they accept it . 
abst_sum - problems: There is a slight worry about the acceptance of the paper submitted to Eurospeech as the deadline was exceeded.

G:  Well , we didn't get to look at that , 
D:  Yeah , I just wonder if you have to normalize by the numbers of speakers or something . 
A:  I bet there 's a weak dependence . 
abst_sum - problems: As to the content of the paper, the overlap statistics have not been normalised against the number of participants in the conversation, although the dependency is probably going to be a weak one.

G:  There 's no statement about cause and effect . 
abst_sum - problems: Additionally, the correlation between pauses in speech and interruptions does not provide a cause-and-effect link for these phenomena.

D:  Yeah , in fact after our meeting uh , this morning Thilo came in and said that <breath> um , there could be  other differences between <breath> the uh  already transcribed meeting with the beeps in it and one that has  just r been run through his process . 
A:  That 's because of channel overlap . 
abst_sum - problems: The preparation of files for transcription by IBM is facing some minor difficulties, as some features (hand-coded time boundaries, multiplicity of channels etc) may complicate the generation of beep files.

C:  But you know , I wanted to say , his segmentation is so good , that <breath> um , the part that I listened to with her yesterday <breath> didn't need any adjustments of the bins . 
B:  I can't  really  hhh ,   Tsk .  I  don't have really representative numbers , I think . 
abst_sum - problems: Besides this, the automatic pre-segmentation has been deemed to be good, but there are still no specific measurements to verify this.

B:  And i <laugh> the speech - nonspeech detector just assigns randomly the speech to  to one of the channels , 
abst_sum - problems: The pre-segmentation tool also classifies synthesised speech used in a recording as "normal speech" and assigns a random channel to it.

A:  a hand - transcriber would have trouble with that . 
abst_sum - problems: The transcribers at IBM may not be able to differentiate between the two.

