F:  Yeah . 
F:  We can say the word " zero " all we want , 
F:  but just  
F:  Curly brackets . 
F:  Well , 
F:  correction for transcribers . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  u 
F:  u 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Uh , 
F:  I probably just should have left it on . 
F:  Yeah I did have to run , 
F:  but  
F:  Well , I  u I actually don't know what the default  is anymore as to how we 're using the  the front - end stuff but  for  for  when we use the ICSI front - end , 
F:  but um , 
F:  there is an  there is an o an option in  in RASTA , 
F:  which , 
F:  um , <breath> in when I first put it in , uh , back in the days when I actually wrote things , uh , <laugh-breath> I  did actually put in a random bit or so that was in it , 
F:  but <breath> then I realized that putting in a random bit was equivalent to adding uh  adding flat spectrum , 
F:  and it was a lot faster to just add a constant to the  <laugh> to the spectrum . So then I just started doing that 
F:  instead of calling " rand "  or something , 
F:  so . 
F:  So it d it does that . 
F:  Gee ! Here we all are ! 
F:  There 's an agenda ? 
F:  Uh , and you just sent off a Eurospeech paper , 
F:  so . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah , I guess you  first you have to do the first one , 
F:  and then  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Oh they  they had some extension that they announced or something ? 
F:  Oh this isn't the Aurora one ? 
F:  It 's another one ? 
F:  Oh ! 
F:  That 's  
F:  Well , 
F:  that 's  that 's a great idea . 
F:  n No . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well  we have now , 
F:  but  
F:  Well . 
F:  I mean I get these AARP things , 
F:  but I 'm not se really senior yet , 
F:  but  
F:  Um , 
F:  but uh , other than that delightful result , what was the rest of the paper about ? 
F:  You sent it to me 
F:  but I haven't seen it yet . 
F:  Yeah , we  we have pretty limited sample here . 
F:  But what was it like , say , in the Robustness meeting , for instance ? 
F:  Maybe ten percent ? 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  And  
F:  Right . 
F:  Were you including the  the lapel  in this ? 
F:  And did the  did  did the la did the  the problems with the lapel go away also ? 
F:  Or  
F:  fray for  for insertions ? 
F:  Less so . 
F:  I mean , you still  
F:  I would presume that you still would have somewhat higher error with the lapel for insertions than  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Cuz again , looking forward to the non - close miked case , I think that we s still  
F:  i it 's the high signal - to - noise ratio 
F:  here that  that helps you . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  But he  yeah , he 's  he 's right , 
F:  y I mean maybe 
F:  you weren't intending to pause at all , 
F:  but  <laugh> You were intending to stop for fifty - seven milliseconds , 
F:  but then Chuck came in 
F:  and so you <laugh> paused for a second 
F:  or more . 
F:  Yeah  
F:  Right . 
F:  Huh . 
F:  Actually for a lot of these people I think you could just sort of backchannel continuously 
F:  and it would  pretty much be fine . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  u R D  RDR , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  Yeah , 
F:  the   No vowels . 
F:  Yeah 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  So anyone who hears this meeting now knows the  
F:  Is that a dash or a dot in there ? 
F:  So , 
F:  that 's why it was good to have Andreas , say these things 
F:  but  
F:  So , we should probably talk about the IBM transcription process stuff that  
F:  Hmm . 
F:  Uh , it looks much better . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah , if it 's working well , 
F:  that sounds like a good idea 
F:  since as you say you have to do stuff with the other end anyway . 
F:  What 's the problem  the l I forget . 
F:  Is the problem the lapel , 
F:  or  or  
F:  Oh , 
F:  the dead meetings . 
F:  I  I  I don't know . 
F:  It would be  kind of quick 
F:  but they 're still listening to everything . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I don't know , 
F:  I  I think I 'm  I 'm really tending towards  
F:  I mean , <breath> what 's the worst that happens ? 
F:  Do the transcribers  
F:  I mean as long as th on the other end they can say there 's  there 's something  conventions so that they say " huh ? " 
F:  and then we can flag those later . 
F:  i i It  i 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But I  but I have a  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But  
F:  but  but I  I  I have  another suggestion on that , which is , <breath> since , really what this is , is  is  is trying to in the large , send the right thing to them and there is gonna be this  this post - processing step , 
F:  um , 
F:  why don't we check through a bunch of things by sampling it ? 
F:  Right ? 
F:  In other words , rather than , um , uh , saying we 're gonna listen to everything  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So y you do a bunch of meetings , 
F:  you listen to  to a little bit here and there , 
F:  if it sounds like it 's almost always right and there 's not any big problem you send it to them . 
F:  And , you know , then they 'll send us back what we  w what  what they send back to us , 
F:  and we 'll  we 'll fix things up 
F:  and <breath> some meetings will cost more time to fix up than others . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  i Can I maybe have  have an order of  
F:  it 's probably in your paper that I haven't looked at lately , 
F:  but  
F:  Uh , an order of magnitude 
F:  notion of  of how  on a good meeting , how often uh , do you get segments that come in the middle of words and so forth , 
F:  and uh  in a bad meeting how <breath> often ? 
F:  Well he 's saying , you know , that the  the EDU meeting was a good  good meeting , 
F:  right ? 
F:  Uh , and so  so  so it was almost  it was almost always doing the right thing . 
F:  So I wanted to get some sense of what  what almost always meant . 
F:  And then , uh in a bad meeting , <breath> or p some meetings where he said oh he 's had some problems , what does that mean ? 
F:  So I mean does one of the does it mean one percent and ten percent ? 
F:  Or does it mean <breath> five percent and fifty percent ? 
F:  Uh  
F:  Or  Maybe percentage isn't the right word , 
F:  but you know how many  how many per minute , 
F:  or  
F:  You know . 
F:  But I think that 's less of a problem . 
F:  They 'll just listen . 
F:  It 's just wasted time . 
F:  And th and that 's for a good meeting . 
F:  Now what about in a meeting that you said we 've  you 've had some more trouble with ? 
F:  Right . 
F:  So I  <breath> So i Sometime , we might wanna go back and look at it more in terms of <breath> how many times is there a spurt that 's  that 's uh , interrupted ? 
F:  Something like that ? 
F:  And  
F:  Yeah again I  I think that that is probably less of a problem 
F:  because if you 're  if there 's  <breath> If  if a  if a word is  is split , then they might have to listen to it a few times to really understand that they can't quite get it . 
F:  Whereas if they listen <mike noise> to it and there 's  don't hear any speech I think they 'd probably just listen to it once . 
F:  So there 'd  you 'd think there 'd be a  a factor of three or four in  in , uh , cost function , 
F:  you know , between them or something . 
F:  So  so what you 're saying is that nearly always what happens when there 's a problem is that  is that uh , there 's <breath> some uh , uh nonspeech that uh  that is b interpreted as speech . 
F:  Well then , we really should just send the stuff . 
F:  Right ? 
F:  Because that doesn't do any harm . 
F:  You know , if they  they hear you know , a dog bark and they say what was the word , 
F:  they  you know , they  
F:  Ruff ruff ! 
F:  Yeah ? 
F:  Uh - huh . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But I think  I th Again , I think that sort of  that that would be good , 
F:  and what that 'll do is just cut the time a little further . 
F:  But I think none of this is stuff that really needs somebody doing these  these uh , uh , explicit markings . 
F:  Yeah , cuz the other thing that was concerning me about it was that it seemed kind of specialized to the EDU meeting , 
F:  and  and that then when you get a meeting like this or something , 
F:  and  <breath> and you have a b a bunch of different dominant speakers 
F:  you know , how are you gonna handle it . 
F:  Whereas this sounds like a more general solution 
F:  is  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Uh - huh . 
F:  I  I would just use some samples , 
F:  make sure you don't send them three hours of " bzzz "  or something . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Great . 
F:  That 's life . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  What was the l what was the laptop sound ? 
F:  I mean was it speech , 
F:  or was it  
F:  Great . 
F:  Uh - huh . 
F:  Well , I mean , 
F:  isn't there a category something like uh , " sounds for someone for whom there is no i close mike " ? 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So . 
F:  Shall we uh , do digits and get out of here ? 
F:  Yes ma ' 
F:  Which part ? 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Cuz , I wouldn't  don't think we would mind  having that  transcribed , if they did it . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Let 's do digits . 
F:  Uh , <breath> why don't we do it together , 
F:  that 's  that 's a nice fast way to do it . 
F:  One , two , three , 
F:  go ! 
F:  I haven't been , 
F:  no . 
F:  Uh , concentration . 
F:  Yeah . 
