E:  Well , you  you had s you said there were two things that you might wanna do . 
E:  One was rehearse your i i talk  

C:  so I can show you what I 've got , get your input on it , and maybe some suggestions , 

C:  And the same is true for the proposal . 

C:  It basically says , well " this is construal " , 
C:  and then it continues to say that one could potentially build a probabilistic relational model that has some general , domain - general rules 
C:  how things are construed , 
C:  and then the idea is to use ontology , situation , user , and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilistic relational model  to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what 
C:  in our beloved tourism domain . 

C:  Um , actually this is the  the newest version after your comments , 

C:  um , if you would have checked your email you may have received a note from Yees asking you to send me the , uh , up - to - d 
C:  current formalism thing that you presented . 

A:  And y uh , email any time , 
A:  but most usefully before  

C:  The twenty - ninth . 
C:  That 's when I 'm meeting with Wolfgang Wahlster to sell him this idea . 

C:  Then I 'm also going to present a little talk at EML , about what we have done here 

C:  So basically we can make a point that here is ontological knowledge 
C:  but if it 's nine  nine PM in the evening then the discotheque question would be , for example , one that might ask for directions instead of just location . 

C:  That 's sort of motivating it . 
C:  Then what have we done so far ? 
C:  We had our little bit of , um , um , SmartKom stuff , that we did , 

F:  Oh , you 've got the parser done . 

C:  And , um , and Fey is doing the synthesis stuff as we speak . 

C:  the generation outputter . 

C:  Then I 'm going to talk about the data , 

C:  and some preliminary observations , 

C:  Um , I will talk about our problems with the rephrasing , 

C:  and then maybe talk about the big picture here , 
C:  e tell a little bit  as much as I  can about the NTL story . 

C:  and then , <outbreath> talk a bit about the embodied and simulation approach favored here 

C:  talk about the construction aspect 
C:  and then at the end about our Bayes - net . 

C:  So X - schemas , then , I would like to do  

C:  Oh , maybe the FMRI stuff . 

E:  Well , the time to mention it , if you mention it , is when you talk about mirror neurons , 

E:  Depends . I mean , there is a , um , whole language learning story , 

C:  But I don't think I  I am capable of  of do pulling this off and doing justice to the matter . 

C:  I mean I might even mention that this work you 're doing is sort of also with the MPI in Leipzig , 

C:  Because , um , EML is building up a huge thing in Leipzig . 

E:  let 's talk about your thesis proposal . 

F:  You might want to , uh , double - check the spellings of the authors ' names on your references , 
F:  you had a few , uh , misspells in your slides , there . 

E:  i i it looks like the , uh , metaphor didn't get in yet . 

E:  So the top of the second  of pa page two you have a sentence . 

E:  No , it  it  it s says it 

E:  yeah , it doesn't give the punch line . 

E:  which is , that , the constructions , that , uh , Nancy and Keith and friends are doing , uh , are , in a way , quite general 
E:  but cover only base cases . 
E:  And to make them apply to metaphorical cases and metonymic cases and all those things , requires this additional mechanism , of construal . 
E:  And the punch line is , he claimed , that if you do this right , you can get essentially orthogonality , 
E:  that if you introduce a new construction at  at the base level , it should com uh , interact with all the metonymies and metaphors 
E:  so that all of the projections of it also should work . 
E:  And , similarly , if you introduce a new metaphor , it should then uh , compose with all of the constructions . 

C:  I mean , it seems like nothing is context - free . 

E:  Oh , nothing is context - free , 
E:  but there are basic cases . 
E:  That is , um , there are physical containers , 

C:  But " walked into the cafe and ordered a drink , " and " walked into the cafe and broke his nose , " 

E:  Oh , it doesn't mean that they 're unambiguous . 

E:  But it does say that , uh , if you walked into the cafe and broke your nose , then you are construing the cafe as an obstacle . 

C:  The " walk into it " never really means , w as in walked smack  

E:  But " run into " does . 

E:  But  Like , " run into an old friend " , it probably needs its own construction . 

E:  there are idioms 

E:  anything else you want to ask us about 
E:  the thesis proposal , you got  

C:  the  i what would have been really nice is to find an example for all of this , uh , from our domain . 

C:  w Well we have , for example , a canonical use of something 
C:  and y it 's , you know , we have some constructions 
C:  and then it 's construed as something , 
C:  and then we  we may get the same constructions with a metaphorical use that 's also relevant to the  to the domain . 

E:  So " in the bus " and " on the bus , " 

E:  Right . So  so that  that may or may not be what you  what you want to do . 

C:  We had  we had  initially we 'd  started discussing the " out of film . " 

A:  uh  we 've thought about it before , uh t uh  to use the examples in other papers , 
A:  and it 's  it 's a little complicated . 

A:  So I would try to  I would stay away from one that involves weird construal stuff . 

C:  I mean the  the old bakery example might be nice , 
C:  " Is there a bakery around here " . 

E:  and  there 're all sorts of reasons why you might be asking about the existence of a bakery 

E:  but it 's not clear that they 're mainly construal examples . 

E:  So the metonymy thing is probably the easiest 

C:  Where is the castle ? 
C:  How old is it ? 
C:  How much does it cost ? 

C:  But as Nancy just su suggested it 's probably ellipticus . 

C:  Well , I mean , my argument here is  it 's  it 's  it 's the same thing as " Plato 's on the top shelf , " 

E:  OK . Can we think of a nice metaphorical use of " where " in the tourist 's domain ? 

E:  " where was Heidelberg , um , in the Thirty Years ' War ? " 

E:  You know , " Where could I learn its opening hours , " or something . 
E:  But that 's not metaphorical . 

E:  A st uh , well , you can certainly say , um , you know , " I 'm in overload . " 

A:  A fixed expression , yeah . 

C:  the data that I 've looked at so far that rec 
C:  I mean , there 's tons of cases for polysemy . 

C:  But I think the argument should be  uh , can be made that , you know , despite the fact that this is not the most met metaphorical domain , 

C:  I mean maybe the " where is something " question as a whole , you know , can be construed as , u i locational versus instructional request . 

C:  Yeah but then you 're not on the lexical level , 
C:  that 's sort of one level higher . 

C:  Also it would be nice to get  ultimately to get a nice mental space example , 
C:  so , even temporal references are  
C:  just in the spatial domain are rare . 

C:  Yeah , maybe we can include that also in our second , uh , data run . 

E:  OK . So why don't we plan to give you feedback electronically . 

C:  Not  not rehearse , 

E:  the b the combination of the biology and the Leipzig connection might be interesting to these guys , 

E:  there  the  there  we 've got various i generations of slides that show language analysis , and matching to the underlying image schemas , 

