D:  So . On Friday we had our wizard test data test and um <outbreath> these are some of the results . 

D:  this is what she had to read  aloud . 

D:  this was the uh first three tasks she had to  to master after she called the system , 

D:  I should say the system was supposed to break down and then um these were the remaining three tasks that she was going to solve , with a human  

D:  The reading was five minutes , exactly . 

C:  Like , there was a wizard for both uh  both parts , 

D:  One time , pretending to be a system , 
D:  one time , to  pretending to be a human , which is actually not pretending . 

D:  Five minutes is just too long . 
D:  Um , that was already anticipated by some people suggested that if we just have bullets here , they 're gonna not  they 're  subjects are probably not gonna  going to follow the order . 

D:  She  she jumped around quite a bit . 

B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 

D:  That is something that Fey actually thought of a  in the last second that sh the system should introduce itself , when it 's called . 
D:  And um , um , another suggestion , by Liz , was that we uh , through subjects , switch the tasks . 
D:  So when  when they have task - one with the computer , the next person should have task - one with a human , and so forth . 

D:  Um , we have to refine the tasks more and more , which of course we haven't done at all , so far , in order to avoid this rephrasing , 

D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 

B:  Um  And also if she 's willing to take on the job of organizing all those subjects and stuff that would be wonderful . 

D:  And um I told her that we gonna um figure out a meeting time in the near future to refine the tasks and s look for the potential sources to find people . 
D:  She also agrees that you know if it 's all just gonna be students the data is gonna be less valuable because of that 

B:  We could talk to the people who run it and um see if they have a way that they could easily uh tell people that there 's a task , pays ten bucks or something , 
B:  but um you have to be comfortable reading relatively complicated stuff . 

B:  Um . Now ,  I signed us up for the Wednesday slot , and part of what we should do is this . 

B:  my idea on that was  uh , partly we 'll talk about system stuff for the computer scientists , 
B:  but partly I did want it to get the linguists involved in some of this issue about what the task is and all  um you know , what the dialogue is , and what 's going on linguistically , 
B:  because to the extent that we can get them contributing , 
B:  that will be good . 

A:  So , what I did for this  this is  uh , a pedagogical belief - net 

A:  So basically all I did was I took the last  belief - net 
A:  and I grouped things according to what  how I thought they would fit in to uh image schemas that would be related . 
A:  And the two that I came up with were Trajector - landmark and then Source - path - goal as initial ones . 

A:  Um , you know , we have  we have the concept of what their intention was , whether they were trying to tour or do business or whatever , 
A:  or they were hurried . 
A:  That 's kind of related to that . 

A:  Yeah , so  um , in terms of Context , what we had currently said was whether they were a businessman or a tourist of some other person . 
A:  Um , Discourse was related to whether they had asked about open hours 

A:  Uh , Prosody I don't really  I 'm not really sure what prosody means , in this context , 

A:  Um , the Parse would be what verb they chose , 

A:  And um , in terms of World Knowledge , this would just basically be like opening and closing times of things , the time of day it is , and whatnot . 

A:  Well , this is not a working Bayes - net . 

B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 

A:  I just  uh it 's hard for me to imagine how he could get around that . 

B:  which is there are technical ways of doing it , 
B:  uh I I slipped a paper to Bhaskara and  about Noisy - OR 's and Noisy - MAXes 

B:  I mean , not necessarily in th in this meeting , but to try to informally think about what the decision variables are . 

B:  you know , what are the most relevant things . 
B:  And the other trick , which is not a technical trick , it 's kind of a knowledge engineering trick , is to make the n  each node sufficiently narrow that you don't get this combinatorics . 

B:  And then the question would be if  if those are the things that you care about , uh can you make a relatively compact way of getting from the various inputs to the things you care about . 

D:  But the uh  the  the nice thing is that you know , it just is a  is a visual aid for thinking about these things which has comple clearly have to be specified m more carefully 

B:  Alright , well , le let me think about this some more , 
B:  and uh see if we can find a way to present this to this linguists group that  that is helpful to them . 

D:  because um I integrated this into the existing SmartKom system in  in the same way as much the same way we can um sort of have this uh  this thing . 

B:  So , I  I do understand that uh you can take the M - three - L and add not  and it w 

B:  we have to add , you know , not too much about um object types and stuff , 
B:  and what I think you did is add some rules of the style that are already there that say " If it 's of type " Landmark " , then you take  you 're gonna take a picture of it . " 

D:  And it  it would do us no good . 

B:  that 's another sort of thing " OK , here 's a  another kind of minimal uh way of tackling this " . 
B:  Add extra properties , 
B:  a deterministic rule for every property 

D:  And the rules we want to throw away completely . 
D:  And um  and here is exactly where what 's gonna be replaced with our Bayes - net , 

B:  i if you had the generalized " Go " X - schema 
B:  and you wanted to specialize it to these three ones , then you would have to supply the parameters . 

A:  So the immediate problem is just deciding w which  

D:  Aspects of the X - schema to add . 

B:  You know , uh what are we going to use to make this decision  

B:  The harder problem is we decide what we want to use , how are we gonna get it ? 

B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 

D:  So the belief - net takes as input , a vector , 

D:  and then we want to look up some more stuff in the ontology 

D:  maybe we want to ask the real world , 
D:  maybe you want to look something up in the GRS , 
D:  but also we definitely want to look up in the dialogue history um some s some stuff . 

D:  So this may be a  a sort of a process of two to three steps before we get our vector , that we feed into the belief - net , 

B:  There will be rules , but they aren't rules that come to final decisions , they 're rules that gather information for a decision process . 

B:  My guess is it 'll be the same basic agent that um can go off and get information , run it through a  a c this belief - net that  

B:  which can then be uh applied at what we would call the simulation or action end . 

B:  and that may actually involve getting more information . 

D:  I think we  I  I can come up with a  a code for a module that we call the " cognitive dispatcher " , which does nothing , 
D:  but it looks of complect object trees and decides how  are there parts missing that need to be filled out , 

D:  and then collect uh sub - objects and then recombine them and put them together . 

B:  So . What you 're trying to get out of this deep co cognitive linguistics is the fact that w if you know about source  source , paths and goals , and nnn  all this sort of stuff , that a lot of this is the same , for different tasks . 
B:  And that  uh there 's  there 's some  some important generalities that you 're getting , 

B:  And I don't yet see how that goes . 

B:  But what I 'd like to be able to do is to have the way that you extract properties , that will go into different Bayes - nets , be the  uh general . 
B:  So that if you have sources , you have trajectors and stuff like that , 

B:  you shouldn't have to do that differently 
B:  for uh uh going to something , than for circling it , 
B:  for uh telling someone else how to go there , 

B:  What you 'd really like of course is the same thing you 'd always like which is that you have um a kind of intermediate representation which looks the same o over a bunch of inputs and a bunch of outputs . 

D:  that generalize over those problems , and are oh , t of a higher quality than an any actual whatever um belief - net , or " X " that we may use for the decision making , ultimately . 

D:  so that we have  so that this is sort of the representational formats we 're  we 're  we 're talking about that are independent of the problem , 

B:  You just uh do " this is what we did , and here 's the  thing , and here 's s some of the dialogue and  and so forth . " 

