A:  Um I hired several more transcribers , 
A:  They 're making great progress . 

A:  uh I 've been uh finishing up the uh double checking . 

H:  as a somewhat segue into the next topic , um could I get a hold of uh the data even if it 's not really corrected yet 
H:  just so I can get the data formats 
H:  and make sure the information retrieval stuff is working ? 

D:  I 've uh just processed the first five EDU meetings 
D:  and they are chunked up 
D:  so they would  they probably can be sent to IBM 
D:  whenever they want them . 

F:  Well the second one of those 

D:  Yep . It 's already at IBM , 

F:  That 's the one that  we 're waiting to hear from them on . 

F:  And so as soon as we hear from Brian that this one is OK 
F:  and we get the transcript back 
F:  and we find out that hopefully there are no problems matching up the transcript with what we gave them , 
F:  then uh we 'll be ready to go and we 'll just send them the next four as a big batch , 

F:  We 're sort of doing things in parallel , 

H:  especially for the information retrieval stuff . 

H:  So I 've been working on using the THISL tools to do information retrieval on meeting data 
H:  and the THISL tools are  there 're two sets , there 's a back - end and a front - end , 
H:  so the front - end is the user interface 
H:  and the back - end is the indexing tool and the querying tool . 
H:  And so I 've written some tools to convert everything into the right for file formats . 
H:  And the command line version of the indexing and the querying is now working . 
H:  So at least on the one meeting that I had the transcript for uh conveniently you can now do information retrieval on it , 
H:  do  type in a  a string and get back a list of start - end times for the meeting , 

H:  but my intention is to do a prettier user interface based either  

H:  Uh the other option is Dan did the Tcl - TK THISL GUI front - end for Broadcast News 

H:  but it does mean you need to be running a web server . 

H:  Uh and it would be difficult to port to Windows 

H:  And so it  it 's pretty big and complex . 

G:  So another idea I w t had just now actually for the demo was whether it might be of interest to sh to show some of the prosody uh <mouth> work that Don 's been doing . 

G:  and then show for instance a task like finding sentence boundaries or finding turn boundaries . 

G:  you know , you can show that graphically , sort of what the features are doing . 
G:  It , you know , it doesn't work great but it 's definitely giving us something . 
G:  I don't know if that would be of interest or not . 

B:  at  at the very least we 're gonna want something illustrative with that 

B:  and so i if there 's something that shows it graphically it 's much better than me just having a bullet point 

B:  S so when we here were having this demo meeting , what we 're sort of coming up with is that we wanna have all these pieces together , to first order , by the end of the month 

C:  Yeah we can probably find some examples of different type of prosodic events going on . 

G:  Next month . 

B:  Uh  that 'll  that 'll give us  that 'll give us a week or so to uh  to port things over to my laptop and make sure that works , 

H:  So I 've been doing a bunch of XML tools 

H:  So yet again we should probably meet to talk about transcription formats in XML 

H:  because there are a lot of tools that let you do extraction and reformatting of XML tools . 

H:  I 'm converting the Key files to XML so that you can extract m uh various inf uh sorted information on individual meetings 

G:  Oh , quick question on that . Is  do we have the  <clears throat> the seat information ? 

H:  The seat information is on the Key files for the ones which 

G:  but I just hadn't ever been putting it in the Key files . 

F:  I never knew we were supposed to put it in the Key file . 

H:  I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text 
H:  because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things . 

H:  Yeah and then the other thing also that Thilo noticed is , on the microphone , 
H:  on channel zero it says hand - held mike or Crown mike , 
H:  you actually have to say which one . 

H:  And then uh also in a couple of places instead of filling the participants under " participants " they were filled in under " description " . 

H:  the  the one that shows up here ,  that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected . 

H:  Um I spoke with Dave Johnson about putting all the Meeting Recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup 

H:  In fact what he said is doing the manual one ,  doing uh NW archive to copy it  is a good idea 

H:  but he thought it was a bad idea . 

H:  and we should do that and have it backed up . 
H:  He w he 's a firm believer in  in lots of different modalities of backup . 

H:  This data cannot be recovered . 

H:  and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup . 

B:  if it 's stationary it 's not going to go through the increment it 's not gonna burden things in the incremental backups . 

H:  Just  just the monthly full . 

H:  and we 're far enough away from saturation on full backups that it 's w probably OK . 
H:  And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . 

B:  So I guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , 

H:  Things that are recreatable easily and also  Yeah , basically things that are recreatable . 

A:  I know that uh that Thilo you were , um , bringing the Channeltrans interface onto the Windows machine ? 

D:  Yeah it 's  it  Basically it 's done , 

B:  Good . CrossPads ? 

H:  who basically said " if you 're not using them , could you return them ? " 

H:  We  we used them a couple times , 

A:  And I have  uh so my  my feeling on it is that I think in principle it 's a really nice idea , 
A:  and you have the time tags which makes it better tha than just taking ra raw notes . 
A:  On the other hand , I  the down side for me was that I think the pen is really noisy . 

B:  so that you can  you have a record of whatever it is you 've written . 

H:  So i if you take notes it 's a great little device . 

B:  And one of the reasons that it was brought up originally was because uh we were interested in  in higher - level things , 
B:  not just the , you know , microphone stuff but also summarization and so forth 

H:  so that it 's synchronized with the time on that 
H:  and then you have to download to an application , 
H:  and then you have to figure out what the data formats are and convert it over if you wanna do anything with this information . 

B:  we  we get somebody to buy into the idea of doing this as part of the task . 

B:  uh part of the reason  I think part of the reason that Adam was so interested in uh the SpeechCorder sort of f idea from the beginning is he said from the beginning he hated taking notes 

E:  Well if you wanted to do that maybe the right architecture for it is to get a PDA with a wireless card . 
E:  And  and that way you can synchronize very easily with the  the  the meeting 

H:  I mean for what  what you 've been describing buttons would be even more convenient than anything else , 

G:  Maybe we could do like a student project , 
G:  you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . 

H:  I mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more 

B:  but  uh by I  I would suggest you return one . 
B:  Because we  we you know , we  we haven't used it at all . 

G:  One would probably be fine . 

H:  W uh   We ordered uh more wireless , 

H:  And then at the same time I 'll probably rewire the room as per Jane 's suggestion 
H:  so that uh the first N channels are wireless , eh are the m the close - talking and the next N are far - field . 

B:  I mean there 's  there 's all this stuff going on uh between uh Andreas and  and  and Dave and Chuck and others with various kinds of runs 
B:  uh um  recognition runs , 
B:  trying to figure things out about the features 
B:  but it 's  it 's all sort of in process , 

B:  DARPA demos , 

G:  Well , what if you 're sitting there and you just wanna make an X 
G:  and you don't wanna take notes 

G:  Yeah , so we might wanna do it simultaneous . 

H:  I mean you hav sorta have to . 

