D:  So , I got , uh  these results from , uh , Stephane . 
D:  Also , um , I think that , uh  um  we might hear later today , about other results . 
D:  I think s that , uh , there were some other very good results that we 're gonna wanna compare to . 
D:  But , <inbreath> r our results from other  other places , 

D:  You know most of the time , even  I mean even though it 's true that the overall number for Danish  we didn't improve it 

A:  Y Actually , uh , um , for the Danish , there 's still some kind of mystery 
A:  because , um , um , when we use the straight features , we are not able to get these nice number 
A:  with the ICSI OGI one , I mean . 

A:  Uh , so , uh , that 's probably something wrong with the features that we get from OGI . 
A:  Uh , and Sunil is working on  on trying to  to check everything . 

D:  When  when  when do you folks leave ? 
D:  Sunday ? 

D:  We have a little bit of time on that , actually . 
D:  We have a day or so , 

D:  until Saturday midnight , or something , we have 

D:  I mean , even with these results as they are , it 's  it 's  it 's really not that bad . 

D:  And it looks like the overall result as they are now , even without , you know , any  any bugs being fixed is that , uh , on the  the other tasks , we had this average of , uh , forty uh  nine percent , or so , improvement . 
D:  And here we have somewhat better than that than the Danish , and somewhat worse than that on the German , 
D:  but I mean , it sounds like , uh , one way or another , the methods that we 're doing can reduce the error rate from  from mel ceptrum  down by , you know  a fourth of them to , uh , a half of them . 

D:  I mean , I think that , uh , one of the things that Hynek was talking about was understanding what was in the other really good proposals 

D:  and trying to see if what should ultimately be proposed is some , uh , combination of things . 

D:  Cuz there 's things that they are doing  there that we certainly are not doing . 
D:  And there 's things that we 're doing that  they 're not doing . 

C:  How much  how much better was the best system than ours ? 

D:  Well , we don't know yet . 
D:  Uh , I mean , first place , there 's still this thing to  to work out , 
D:  and second place  second thing is that the only results that we have so far from before were really development set results . 

D:  Um  It 's probably a good time to look at what 's really going on and seeing if there 's a  there 's a way to combine the best ideas 
D:  while at the same time not blowing up the amount of , uh , resources used , 

D:  But i it it  so it looks like they did some  some , uh , reasonable things , 
D:  uh , and they 're not things that we did , precisely . 
D:  We did unreasonable things , <laugh> which  because we like to try strange things , 
D:  and  and , uh , and our things worked too . 

D:  uh , it 's possible that some combination of these different things that were done would be the best thing to do . 
D:  But the only caveat to that is that everybody 's being real conscious of how much memory and how much CPU they 're using 
D:  because these , <inbreath> <sniff> <mouth> uh , standards are supposed to go on cell phones with m moderate resources in both respects . 

D:  Um , now , one of the things that 's nice about what we did is , we do have a  a , uh  a filtering , which leads to a  a , uh  a reduction in the bandwidth in the modulation spectrum , which allows us to downsample . 
D:  So , uh , as a result of that we have a reduced , um , transmission rate for the bits . 

D:  so in reality , if you put this  this system in into , uh , the field , it would be twenty - four hundred bits per second , not forty - eight hundred . 

D:  um , so that 's a nice feature of what  what we did . 

C:  When is the development set  I mean , the , uh , uh , test set results due ? 

D:  Uh , probably the day after they leave , 
D:  but we 'll have to  <laugh> we 'll have to stop it the day before  we leave . 
D:  I think tha I think the  the meeting is on the thirteenth or something . 

A:  this Tuesday , 

D:  And the  the , uh , results are due like the day before the meeting or something . 

D:  So  <nasal inbreath> um , since we have a bit farther to travel than <laugh> some of the others , <inbreath> uh , we 'll have to get done a little quicker . 
D:  But , um , I mean , it 's just tracing down these bugs . 
D:  I mean , just exactly this sort of thing of , you know , why  why these features seem to be behaving differently , uh , in California than in Oregon . 

A:  So , Hynek will try to push for trying to combine , uh , different things ? 

D:  I mean , I think the question is " Is there  is there some advantage ? " 
D:  I mean , you could just take the best system and say that 's the standard . 
D:  But the thing is that if different systems are getting at good things , um , a again within the constraint of the resources , if there 's something simple that you can do 

D:  So , um , everything that we did could probably just be added on to what Alcatel did , 
D:  and i it 'd probably work pretty well with them , too . 

D:  And , um , so  and they both had some kind of on - line normalization , 

D:  I mean , the VAD stuff they both had , 

D:  so , it seems like the main different there is the  is the , uh , filtering . 

D:  shouldn't take a lot of memory to do that Uh , and I also wouldn't think the CPU , uh , would be much either for that part . 
D:  So , if you can  if you can add those in  um  then , uh , you can cut the data rate in half . 

D:  So , uh , I 'm interested in hearing  hearing your thoughts about  where you think we should go from this . 
D:  I mean , we tried a lot of things in a hurry , 
D:  and , uh , if we can back off from this now and sort of take our time with something , and not have doing things quickly be quite so much the constraint , what  what you think would be the best thing to do . 

A:  Well , first , uh , to really have a look at  at the speech  <inbreath> from these databases 
A:  because , well , we tried several thing , 
A:  but we did not really look <inbreath> at what what 's happening , and <inbreath> where is the noise , and 

A:  Actually , there is one thing that  well  Um , generally we  we think that <inbreath> most of the errors are within phoneme classes , 

A:  so I think it could be interesting to  to see if it  I don't think it 's still true when we add noise , 
A:  and <inbreath> so we have  I  I guess the confusion ma the confusion matrices are very different when  when we have noise , and when it 's clean speech . 
A:  And probably , there is much more  between classes errors for noisy speech . 

A:  Yeah , so perhaps we could have a  a large gain , eh , just by looking at improving the , uh , recognition , not of phonemes , but of phoneme classes , simply . 

D:  The other thing that strikes me , just looking at these numbers is , just taking the best cases , 
D:  I mean , some of these , of course , even with all of our  our wonderful processing , still are horrible kinds of numbers . 
D:  But just take the best case , the well - matched  uh , German case after  er well - matched Danish after we  
D:  the kind of numbers we 're getting are about eight or nine  uh  p percent  error  per digit . 
D:  This is obviously not usable , 

D:  I mean , if you have ten digits for a phone number  I mean , every now and then you 'll get it right . 

D:  So , in a way , that 's , you know , that 's sort of the dominant thing 
D:  is that even , say on the development set stuff that we saw , the , uh , the numbers that , uh , that Alcatel was getting when choosing out the best single numbers , <inbreath> it was just  you know , it wasn't good enough for  for  a  a  for a real system . 

D:  So , uh , we still have stuff to do . 

D:  Does a any you have any thoughts about what else <inbreath> y you 're thinking that you didn't get to that you would like to do if you had more time ? 

E:  Maybe <inbreath> we trying again with the articulatory feature . 

E:  because we tried  we  some  one experiment that doesn't work . 

E:  because , tsk  <inbreath> maybe do better some step the general , <inbreath> eh , diagram . 

D:  there were a lot of times when we 've tried something and it didn't work right away , even though we had an intuition that there should be something there . 
D:  And so then we would just stop it . 

D:  And , uh , one of the things  I don't remember the details on , but I remember at some point , when you were working with a second stream , and you tried a low - pass filtering to cepstrum , in some case you got  
D:  Well , but it was  an MSG - like thing , but it wasn't MSG , 

D:  Uh , you  y I think in some case you got some little improvement , 

D:  And it seems to me that , um , if that is an important idea , which , you know , might be , that one could work at it for a while , as you 're saying . 

D:  Uh , and you had , you know , you had the multi - band things also , and , you know , there was issue of that . 
D:  Um , Barry 's going to be , uh , continuing working on multi - band things as well . 
D:  We were just talking about , um , <inbreath> some , uh , some work that we 're interested in . 
D:  Kind of inspired by the stuff by Larry Saul with the , uh  uh , learning articulatory feature in  I think , in the case of his paper  with sonorance based on , uh , multi - band information where you have a  a combination of gradient learning an and , uh , EM . 

D:  Uh  <laugh> Uh  <laugh> I mean , they 're much better than they were , you know . 
D:  We 're talking about thirty to sixty percent , uh , error rate reduction . 
D:  That 's  that 's really great stuff to  to do that in relatively short time . 
D:  But even after that it 's still , you know , so poor that  that , uh , no one could really use it . 

C:  Uh , now , I 'm interested in , um , uh  looking at the experiments where you use , um  uh , data from multiple languages to train the neural net . 
C:  And I don't know how far , or if you guys even had a chance to try that , but  that would be some it 'd be interesting to me . 

A:  Again , it 's the kind of  of thing that , uh , we were thin thinking  thinking that it would work , but it didn't work . 
A:  And , eh , so there is kind of  of  not a bug , but something wrong in what we are doing , perhaps . 
A:  Uh , something wrong , perhaps in the  just in the  the fact that the labels are  

A:  What worked best is the hand - labeled data . 

A:  I don't know if we can get some hand - labeled data from other languages . 

A:  But  that would be something interesting t to  to see . 

D:  Also , uh , <inbreath> I mean , there was just the whole notion of having multiple nets that were trained on different data . 
D:  So one form of different data was  is from different languages , but the other 
D:  Well , i in fact , uh , m in those experiments it wasn't so much combining multiple nets , it was a single net that had different 
D:  So , first thing is would it be better if they were multiple nets , for some reason ? 
D:  Second thing is , never mind the different languages , just having acoustic conditions rather than training them all up in one , 
D:  would it be helpful to have different ones ? 

