B:  And  and uh so , I  I think that Carmen and Stephane reported on uh Amsterdam meeting , 
B:  which was kind of interesting 
B:  because it was for the first time we realized we are not friends really , but we are competitors . 

E:  It seemed like there were still some issues , 

E:  that they were trying to decide ? 

B:  There is a plenty of  there 're plenty of issues . 

E:  Like the voice activity detector , 

B:  Well and what happened was that they realized that if two leading proposals , which was French Telecom Alcatel , and us both had uh voice activity detector . 
B:  And I said " well big surprise , I mean we could have told you that  n n n four months ago , except we didn't because nobody else was bringing it up " . 
B:  Obviously French Telecom didn't volunteer this information either , 
B:  cuz we were working on  mainly on voice activity detector for past uh several months 

B:  And everybody said " Well but this is not fair . We didn't know that . " 
B:  And of course uh the  it 's not working on features really . 

B:  And so then ev ev everybody else says " well we should  we need to do a new eval evaluation without voice activity detector , 
B:  or we have to do something about it " . 
B:  And in principle I  uh I  we agreed . 

B:  but in that case , uh we would like to change the uh  the algorithm 
B:  because uh if we are working on different data , we probably will use a different set of tricks . 
B:  But unfortunately nobody ever officially can somehow acknowledge that this can be done , 
B:  because French Telecom was saying " no , no , no , now everybody has access to our code , 
B:  so everybody is going to copy what we did . " 

B:  well our argument was everybody ha has access to our code , and everybody always had access to our code . 
B:  We never uh  uh denied that . 
B:  We thought that people are honest , that if you copy something and if it is protected  protected by patent then you negotiate , or something , 

B:  But  And French Telecom was saying " no , no , no , 
B:  there is a lot of little tricks which uh sort of uh cannot be protected and you guys will take them , " which probably is also true . 

B:  So the uh  the people can go to code and say " well listen this is what you stole from me " 

B:  And I think they have to be honest in the long run , because winning proposal again  uh what will be available th is  will be a code . 

B:  The biggest problem of course is that f that Alcatel French Telecom cl claims " well we fulfilled the conditions . 
B:  We are the best . 

B:  And e and other people don't feel that , 
B:  because they  so they now decided that  that  is  the whole thing will be done on well - endpointed data , 

B:  still not clear if we are going to run the  if we are allowed to run uh uh new algorithms , 

B:  Because uh we would fight for that , really . 

B:  at least our experience is that only endpointing a  a mel cepstrum gets uh  gets you twenty - one percent improvement overall and twenty - seven improvement on SpeechDat - Car 
B:  then obvious the database  uh I mean the  the  the  uh the baseline will go up . 
B:  And nobody can then achieve fifty percent improvement . 
B:  So they agreed that uh there will be a twenty - five percent improvement required on  on uh h u m bad mis badly mismatched  

B:  And so , so now they want to say " we  we will require fifty percent improvement only for well matched condition , and only twenty - five percent for the serial cases . " 
B:  And uh  and they almost agreed on that except that it wasn't a hundred percent agreed . 
B:  And so last time uh during the meeting , I just uh brought up the issue , 

B:  For two years we are fighting for fifty percent improvement 
B:  and suddenly you are saying " oh no we  we will do something less " , 

B:  And everybody said " oh we discussed that and you were not a mee there " 
B:  and I said " well a lot of other people were not there because not everybody participates at these teleconferencing c things . " 
B:  Then they said " oh no no no because uh everybody is invited . " 
B:  However , there is only ten or fifteen lines , so people can't even con you know participate . 
B:  So eh they agreed , and so they said " OK , we will discuss that . " 

B:  So now officially , Nokia is uh uh complaining and said they  they are looking for support , 
B:  uh I think QualComm is uh saying , too " we shouldn't abandon the fifty percent yet . 
B:  We should at least try once again , one more round . " 

B:  So what we are doing at OGI now is uh uh uh working basically on our parts which we I think a little bit neglected , 
B:  like noise separation . 
B:  Uh so we are looking in ways is  in uh which  uh with which we can provide better initial estimate of the mel spectrum basically , 
B:  which would be a l uh , f more robust to noise , 
B:  and so far not much uh success . 

B:  And then most of the effort is uh now also aimed at this e e TRAP recognition . 
B:  This uh  this is this recognition from temporal patterns . 

B:  but , what it is , is that normally what you do is that you recognize uh speech based on a shortened spectrum . 
B:  Essentially L P - LPC , mel cepstrum , uh , everything starts with a spectral slice . 
B:  Uh so if you s So , given the spectrogram you essentially are sliding  sliding the spectrogram along the uh f frequency axis 
B:  and you keep shifting this thing , and you have a spectrogram . 
B:  So you can say " well you can also take the time trajectory of the energy at a given frequency " , 
B:  and what you get is then , that you get a p  vector . 

B:  Namely you can say i it  I will  I will say that this vector will eh  will  will describe the phoneme which is in the center of the vector . 

B:  so it 's a very different vector , very different properties , 

E:  How 's your documentation or whatever 
E:  it w what was it you guys were working on last week ? 

C:  finally we  we 've not finished with this . 

D:  More or less it 's finished . 
D:  Ma - nec to need a little more time to improve the English , and maybe s to fill in something  some small detail , something like that , 

C:  Well , we have a document that explain a big part of the experiments , 

E:  So have you been running some new experiments ? 

C:  and we noticed that C - one is almost not useful at all . 

C:  We 've fff  done some strange things like removing C - zero or C - one from the  <mouth> <inbreath> the vector of parameters , 

C:  You can remove it from the vector , it doesn't hurt . 

B:  So we were just discussing , since you mentioned that , in  it w 
B:  driving in the car with Morgan this morning , we were discussing a good experiment for b for beginning graduate student who wants to run a lot of  who wants to get a lot of numbers on something 
B:  which is , like , " imagine that you will  you will start putting every co any coefficient , which you are using in your vector , in some general power . 

B:  Like sort of you take a s power of two , or take a square root , or something . 

B:  Because uh your uh Gaussian mixture model , 

B:  So you 're compressing the range of this coefficient , so it 's becoming less efficient . 

B:  Morgan was @ @ and he was  he was saying well this might be the alternative way how to play with a  with a fudge factor , 
B:  you know , 

B:  And I said " well in that case why don't we just start compressing individual elements , like when  when  

B:  because we observed that uh higher parameters were more important than lower for recognition . 
B:  And basically the  the C - ze C - one contributes mainly slope , 

B:  When we talked about Aurora still I wanted to m make a plea  uh encourage for uh more communication between  between uh  uh different uh parts of the distributed uh  uh center . 
B:  Uh even when there is absolutely nothing to  to s to say but the weather is good in Ore - in  in Berkeley . 
B:  I 'm sure that it 's being appreciated in Oregon and maybe it will generate similar responses down here , 

E:  if we mail to " Aurora - inhouse " , does that go up to you guys also ? 

B:  No . 

E:  Do we have a mailing list that includes uh the OGI people ? 

C:  Uh no . 
C:  We don't have . 

E:  Maybe we should set that up . 
E:  That would make it much easier . 

B:  And then we also can send the  the dis to the same address 

B:  and it goes to everybody 

