E:  The  we got to the point where we can now speak into the SmartKom system , and it 'll go all the way through and then say something like " Roman numeral one , am Smarticus . " 

E:  which means it 's just using a German sythesis module for English sentences . 

E:  and " concept to speech " is feeding into this synthesis module giving it what needs to be said , and the whole syntactic structure 
E:  so it can pronounce things better , presumably . Then , just with text to speech . 

E:  Uh , and did write the tree adjoining grammar for some  some sentences . 

E:  But I think that the point is that out of the twelve possible utterances that the German system can do , we 've already written the  the syntax trees for three or four . 

E:  Right now it 's brittle and you need to ch start it up and then make ts twenty changes on  on  on  on seventeen modules before they actually can stomach it , anything . 

E:  because it 's designed for this seevit thing , where you have the gestural recognition running with this s Siemens virtual touch screen , which we don't have here . 

E:  but it 's working now , 

D:  Why  I had  I did need to chan generate different trees than the German ones , 

C:  So uh we are committed for our funding . 

C:  n no , to just get the dem get the demos they need . 

C:  If it turns out we can also give them lots more than that by , you know , tapping into other things we do , that 's great . 

C:  So th the demo the demo requirements for this Fall are sort of taken care of as of later this week or something . 
C:  And then  So , it 's probably fifteen months or something until there 's another serious demo requirement . 

C:  so The idea is there 's this uh , other subgroup that 's worrying about formalizing the nota getting a notation . 
C:  But sort of in parallel with that , uh , the hope is tha in particularly you will work on constructions in English Ge - and German for this domain , 
C:  but y not worry about parsing them or fitting them into SmartKom or any of the other  anything lik any other constraints for the time being . 

C:  So I 'd like to , for the summer turn into science mode . 

C:  So , c sh we could set that up as actually an institute wide thing ? 

E:  Well d we  we do wanna have all the bugs out b where you have to sort of pipe in extra XML messages from left and right before you 're  

C:  Uh . I mean there are a lot of issues , 
C:  what 's the ontology look like , 
C:  you know what do the constructions look like , 
C:  what 's the execution engine look like , 

C:  But , more focused on uh an idealized version than just getting the demo out . 

E:  And I g I got the feeling that we are  the only ones right now who have a running system . 

E:  Um . <outbreath> Well it was just amazing to  to see uh how  how instable the whole thing is , 

E:  e the version  that is , the full version that 's on the server d does not work . 

E:  And um , part of my responsibility is uh to use our internal " group - ware " server at EML , 
E:  make that open to all of us and them , 
E:  so that whatever we discuss in terms of parsing and  and generating and constructions w we  we sort of uh put it in there 
E:  and they put what they do in there 
E:  and maybe we can even um , get some overlap , get some synergy out of that . 

E:  because the tree adjoining grammars that  that Tilman is using is as you said nothing but a mathematical formalism . 
E:  And you can just do anything with it , whether it 's syntactic trees , H P S G - like stuff , or whether it 's construction . 
E:  So if you ever get to the generation side of constructing things and there might be something of interest there , 

C:  And one of the things we need to do is the um , and this I think is relatively tight  tightly constrained , is to finish up this belief - net stuff . 

C:  and we went through this , and , I think , more or less convinced ourselves that at least the vast majority of the nodes that we needed for the demo level we were thinking of , were in there . 

C:  So , uh Bhaskara and I went off and looked at some technical questions about were certain operations sort of legitimate belief - net computations and was there some known problem with them or had someone already uh , solved you know how to do this and stuff . 

C:  The answer seems to be uh , " no , no one has done it , but yes it 's a perfectly reasonable thing to do if that 's what you set out to do " . 

C:  And there 're two aspects to it , one of which is , you know , technical , 
C:  getting the coding right , and making it run , and uh stuff like that . 
C:  And the other is the actual semantics . 
C:  OK ? What all  you know , what are the considerations and how and what are the ways in which they relate . 

C:  We do in the long run wanna do better visualization and all that stuff . 

D:  I did look into that , uh in terms of , you know , exploding the nodes out and down ag 
D:  JavaBayes does not support that . 

D:  It 'd probably take two weeks or so to actually go through and do it , 

G:  Yeah , the one that uh people seem to use is uh Hugin or whatever ? 

E:  I  I also s would suggest not to d spend two weeks in  in  in changing the  the JavaBayes code . 
E:  I  I will send you a pointer to a Java applet that does that , 

B:  How do you go about this process of deciding what these connections are ? 

C:  One is you design and the other is you learn . 

C:  So uh what we 're gonna do initially is  is do design , and , i if you will , guess . 

C:  If it 's done right , and if you have data then , there are techniques for learning the numbers given the structure 

C:  but for the limited amount of stuff we have for this particular exercise I think we 'll just design it . 

B:  Cuz you know , I 'm still sort of itching to  to look at what  look at the stuff , and see what people are saying . 

E:  Um , but uh that 's th but we have data in English and German already . 

E:  Transcribed . 
E:  I will send you that . 

B:  because I went to a linguistics colloquium on the fictive motion stuff , 

B:  seems to me that that will fairly obviously be of relevance to uh  to what we 're doing here 

E:  And there is a huge uh project on spatial descriptions uh  differences in spatial descriptions . 

E:  It 's KLEIST . 

E:  Carroll , ninety - three . 
E:  Um . I  There is a  a study on the differences between English and German on exactly that problem . 

E:  I can also give you uh , a pointer to a paper of mine which is the  the ultimate taxonomy of reference frames . 

E:  On this scale , you have it either be ego or allocentric . 

E:  It 's called " An Anatomy of a Spatial Description " . 

C:  By the way , there  something that I didn't know until about a week ago or so , is apparently , there are separate brain areas for things within reach , and things that are out of reach . 

C:  So in addition to e ego and allocentric uh which appear all over the place , you also apparently have this proximal - distal thing which is very deeply uh embedded . 

C:  And so these issues about uh , reference , and  spatial  reference , discourse reference , uh - uh - uh - uh  all this sort of stuff , uh , deixis which is part of what you were talking about , 

C:  So we gotta do all this . 

C:  And then there 's also a set of system things that come up . 
C:  So " OK , we 're not using their system . That means we need our system . " 

C:  And so , uh , in addition to the business about just getting the linguistics right , and the formalism and stuff , we 're actually gonna build something 

C:  and we 're gonna start on that in parallel with the um , the grammar stuff . 
C:  But to do that we 're gonna need to make some decisions like ontology , 

C:  i Does uh either the uh SmartKom project or one of the projects at EML have something that we can just p pull out , for that . 

C:  cuz we 're  we 're not only going  The plan is not only to lay out this thing , but to actually uh build some of it . 

C:  It looks like we 're now in a position that the construction analyzer that we want for this applied project can be the same as the construction analyzer that Nancy needs for the child language modeling . 

C:  To  to come full circle on that , this formalization task , 

C:  is trying to get the formalism into  into a shape where it can actually uh 

B:  Be of use to someone who 's trying to do this , 

C:  And , while we 're at this level , uh , there 's at least one new doctoral student in computer science who will be joining the project , either next week or the first of August , depending on the blandishments of Microsoft . 

C:  And actually I talked today to a uh undergraduate who wants to do an honors thesis on this . 

C:  Oh there 's yet another one of the incoming first   incoming first - year graduate students who 's expressed interest , 

C:  so , I think as far as this group goes , um , it 's certainly worth continuing for the next few weeks to get closure on the uh belief - net and the ideas that are involved in that , and what are th what are the concepts . 

C:  and so anyway we c uh  We can m undoubtedly get Ami uh to give a talk at uh EML or something like that . While he 's in  in uh  
C:  A lot of interest . Actually , either place , DFKI or uh  

C:  So , how about if you two guys between now and next week come up with something that is partially proposal , and partially questions , 

B:  Yeah , I 'm actually probably going to be in contact with her uh pretty soon anyway because of various of us students were going to have a reading group about precisely that sort of thing over the summer , 

E:  we can even make a  sort of an internal demo , 

E:  Absolutely . 

