B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , I mean , I uh  <laugh> just basically that  
B:  maybe I said  maybe we said this before  just that we met and we talked about it 
B:  and we sort of have a plan for getting things organized 
B:  and  
B:  Right . 
B:  That  that was basically it . 
B:  Not  not much @ @  
B:  Oh , so maybe we should just go ahead and get everything ready , 
B:  and  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I listened to  probably , uh , five or ten minutes of it from the beginning . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And  
B:  And the main thing will be if we can align what they give us with what we sent them . 
B:  I mean , that 's the crucial part . 
B:  And I think we 'll be able to do that at  with this new beep format . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , one interesting note is  uh , or problem  
B:  I dunno if this was just because of how I play it back , I say , uh , SND - play and then the file , 
B:  every once in a while , @ @  uh , like a beep sounds like it 's cut into two beeps . 
B:  Yeah , and I  I dunno if that 's an , uh , artifact of playback  
B:  bu uh , I don't think it 's probably in the original file . 
B:  Um , but , uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But with this new format , um , that hopefully they 're not hearing that , and if they are , it shouldn't throw them . 
B:  So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  That 's what I thought . 
B:  I it 's probably just , you know , mmm , somehow the audio  device gets hung for a second , 
B:  or  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  So <laugh> th 
B:  We  we didn't cut those out . 
B:  We can  we can ignore it when we get it back , 
B:  huh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , Brian  I  I <outbreath> sent bresset  <outbreath> <laugh> sent Brian a message about  <laugh> the meeting 
B:  and I haven't heard back yet . 
B:  So . I g hope he got it and hopefully he 's  
B:  maybe he 's gone , 
B:  I dunno . 
B:  He didn't even reply to my message . 
B:  So . I should probably ping him just to make sure that he got it . 

B:  So they can  they can , um , scroll through that pretty quick ? 
B:  That 's great . 
B:  You 're talking about as a pre - processing step . 
B:  Right , Morgan ? 
B:  Is that what you 're  ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 'll  only be a problem for m for mine . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It does all the work for you . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 'll give you a lot more data , too . 
B:  Won't it ? 
B:  Great . 
B:  It 's a lot more believable , too , 
B:  if you tell them that they 're  the computer part is running on a Windows machine . 
B:  And the whole breakdown thing kinda makes sense . 
B:  Where does this  ? 
B:  There 's a couple other questions that I have too , 
B:  and  and  one of them is , what about , uh , consent issues ? 
B:  And the other one is , what about transcription ? 
B:  Are  ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  So we don't have to worry about transcribing it ? 
B:  I bet that sounds good , 
B:  huh ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  I dunno if you want that . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Are we only half ? 
B:  I thought we were more than that . 
B:  Well , when I was looking for space for Thilo , I found one disk that had , uh , I think it was nine gigs and another one had seventeen . 
B:  And everything else was sorta committed . 
B:  Uh  
B:  Those were non - backed - up . 
B:  S 
B:  oh , you 're talking about backed - up . 
B:  I haven't looked to see how much of that we have . 
B:  I think  I think the file server could become an issue as we get a whole bunch more new compute machines . 
B:  And we 've got , you know , fifty machines trying to access data off of Abbott at once . 
B:  Wear out after what amount of time ? 
B:  What you  
B:  What 'd be nice is a system that re - burned the C Ds every <breath> year . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  What kinda tape drive ? 
B:  It 's probably gonna n 
B:  Yeah , and we should probably make that part of the procedure for recording the meetings . 
B:  No , no , no . 
B:  He 's saying get a whole different drive . 
B:  That sounds good . 
B:  N I 'm successfully , uh , increasing the error rate . 
B:  Uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , I mean I 'm just playing with , um , the number of Gaussians that we use in the  the recognizer , and  
B:  Yes , I 'm using tandem features . 
B:  And  
B:  That was on males . 
B:  Hub - five . 
B:  Yeah , the likelihoods were  lower for the PLP . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Was just looking through the log files , 
B:  and  
B:  Oh . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Well , yeah . 
B:  That 's what I was wondering . 
B:  I mean , if you have one threshold that works well because the range of your likelihoods is in this area  
B:  Yeah . 
