A:  Uh first we going uh over the minutes of the last meeting , more or less . 
A:  Um in the last meeting uh the marketing manager had presented uh her method of working , 
A:  <other> Our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip 
A:  Uh are we all in agreement that that's about what we discussed last time ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting.

B:  Now as an interface designer , I would give more emphasis on the interface , how the remote looks like 
B:  Okay . Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television . 
B:  Then it should have a next button , 
B:  Then , there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television . 
B:  Then there should d uh there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour , colour of the picture , the contrast , sharpness , brightness of the picture . 
B:  Now there should be a memory switch . 
B:  Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature . 
B:  for example , if you want to see  we if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel , uh th now the the  uh yeah , the remote will  automatically it will switch to the ninth channel . 
B:  So this is one one of the interface which can be created . 
B:  A very simple interface which has all the t uh uh important features . 
B:  Then , these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour , but they have many buttons . 
B:  So you can you can design an interface which is very simple , and which is user-friendly . 
B:  Yeah , so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser . 
B:  Yeah , now this is an interface for a chil uh for a remote uh uh which a child can use . 
B:  And this comes with different colours , different shapes . 
B:  Now this is a big over-sized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace . 
B:  And the personal preference <other> uh would be a spe uh uh to incorporate speech recognisers uh which will respond to user's voice for a particular uh function . 
abst_sum - abstract: The interface specialist begins her presentation by highlighting important remote functions and showing examples of remote interfaces.

A:  Uh any comments on uh her presentation ? 
D:  Well , um looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there . 
D:  But uh we're gonna have to narrow it down a little more . 
D:  No , I think her presentation was good , and she really explored all the options . Yeah . 
C:  Um this time I'm I'm going to um concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group comments on her presentation, and then the industrial designer begins presenting.

C:  I have just brief <other> uh down few uh components which we require for the remote control uh construction . 
C:  like uh if we want to have different colours , blue , red , green , so uh uh we have to use uh some colouring compone compone components . 
C:  And uh the second important thing is uh uh uh integrated circuit . 
C:  Uh which uh we can use a highly sophisticated one because it's like the it's like the heart of the remote controller . 
C:  And the uh other component we should  uh we have in the remote controller is a resistor 
C:  uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery , 
C:  this is a normal remote controller . 
C:  like you can see a chip there which is having eighteen pins , 
C:  you can see the T_A_ double one eight three five labelled uh chip um . 
C:  Uh you can also see the uh uh the green  two green things are uh these are  they are  they are resistors , 
C:  Actually , uh building a circuit bo board is pretty pretty uh easy and also it's a it's a l l inexpensive . 
C:  Uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range . 
C:  uh or we can use solar sells . 
C:  Uh and a as energy source we offer a basic battery , a more ingenious uh hard dynamo , um a kinetic provision of energy , 
C:  Like we can have a ma material such as plastic , rubber , wood , titanium , 
D:  Uh yeah , on the scroll and the push-button , um ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button ? 
C:  No , no , no , th the the the scrolling wheels are different , 
abst_sum - abstract: She talks about the technical electronic components of the remote, explains how a remote works, and shows a few pictures revealing the insides of a normal remote control.

C:  So it should be strong . 
C:  uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery , 
C:  Uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range . 
C:  Like for s scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and and k uh <other> uh uh full  a complete chip . 
C:  like you can go for a sw switches like buttons or scrolls , uh <other> which which we used to do before ten ten years before , I think . 
C:  Now , nobody uses that because you need you need a a k sophisticated chip and all . 
C:  So I think it's better we go for uh um ordinary buttons . 
abst_sum - abstract: She suggests giving the remote a strong shell so it is durable, using a rechargable battery, and not adding a scroll wheel because it requires a sophisticated chip.

D:  Um alright , my method is uh  I'm interested in what the competition is doing , and wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition , 
D:  Um and my findings from this is that , you know , small is beautiful . 
D:  Simple is beautiful . 
D:  And eye-catching is important . 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert presents, talking about user preferences for a small, simple, eye-catching, cute, appealing, and functional remote.

D:  And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular . 
D:  They are more back into soft feel , spongy feeling things , things with maybe a little cloth on them . 
abst_sum - abstract: Fruit and vegetable shapes are popular this year, so a soft, spongy remote perhaps covered with cloth could make the item marketable.

A:  And what we really have to decide in this meeting is um the concept of the remote . 
B:  I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser . 
B:  This could be uh one feature which could be sellable . 
C:  Yeah , but but I what I'm uh very very much doubtful how <other> how uh far it will work , 
C:  because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems , issues . 
C:  So to get a good recogni recognising system , it's a costly thing , I think . 
B:  it it's like your recording of uh all uh um a question already , and then you're expecting an answer from th 
D:  Okay , so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group discusses the issues surrounding speech recognition, noting that if it is good quality it could be costly.

A:  What kind of energy do we foresee ? 
D:  I think I think battery , 
D:  and I think we all agreed on that . 
D:  That that's that's gonna be most cost-effective and the best thing . 
D:  Bright , colourful , trendy trendy design , and strong . 
A:  Trendy design , compact and strong . 
A:  Not sure what they mean by supplements . 
D:  Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement . 
abst_sum - abstract: They about the power source and review the objectives of the product.

A:  and the marketing expert with the product evaluation . 
A:  and uh the U_I_D_ is supposed to <other> uh come up with the user interface design , 
A:  In this phase , the two of you , Jana and Francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here . 
A:  <laugh> You will receive specific <laugh> instructions <laugh> will be sent to you by your coaches . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager closes the meeting by telling each member what task she is to complete.

A:  and the marketing expert with the product evaluation . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will do the product evaluation.

A:  In this phase , the two of you , Jana and Francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here . 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer and interface specialist will work together on a prototype using modeling clay.

A:  and uh the U_I_D_ is supposed to <other> uh come up with the user interface design , 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will come up with a user interface design.

A:  <laugh> You will receive specific <laugh> instructions <laugh> will be sent to you by your coaches . 
abst_sum - action: Their coaches will send specific instructions and answer questions.

D:  Bright , colourful , trendy trendy design , and strong . 
A:  Trendy design , compact and strong . 
abst_sum - decisions: They decided that the product should be bright, colorful, trendy in design, strong, compact, have push buttons, and contain supplement features (possibly mute button, swapping button, voice recognition).

D:  I think I think battery , 
D:  and I think we all agreed on that . 
D:  That that's that's gonna be most cost-effective and the best thing . 
abst_sum - decisions: The power source will be batteries because it is cost-effective.

None
abst_sum - decisions: They will have the industrial engineer do more research on the cost of voice recognition before deciding whether to include that function.

C:  Yeah , but but I what I'm uh very very much doubtful how <other> how uh far it will work , 
C:  because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems , issues . 
C:  So to get a good recogni recognising system , it's a costly thing , I think . 
abst_sum - problems: The group would like to include voice recognition as a feature, but they are not sure about how much it would cost.

D:  Okay , so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is . 
abst_sum - problems: This will require further research by the industrial engineer.

