A:  Uh it fell off . One , two , three , four , yeah , we're ready . 


A:  Okay . Welcome to this second meeting . Um it's now quarter after twelve and we're given forty minutes um for this meeting . This is a meeting on functional design . Um and I wanna welcome you all and thank you all for doing some research in between . Um I did  took the minutes from the first meeting and I'll show them to you in a moment . Um I know each of you have a presentation and um in thinking about the forty minutes , I thought it would take only like three minutes for the previous minutes , um each of you having about seven minutes or maybe a little more , maybe a little less for your pre presentations and a little discussion , because there's  I happen to have been told there were some new project requirements and we have to make some uh decision on what functions it will have . Okay ? Is this ap everybody agree with this ? 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Oops . 
D:  Yes . 
A:  Okay . Um and after the meeting there'll be things to be done and as you can see it says we get to get lunch , um and then some more individual work and then putting minutes away and individual actions . <other> Um but uh now for the minutes of the first meeting . And go to that one . Um as you can see it was this earlier today . Um Kate , Steph , Sarah and myself in our four capacities were present . I opened the meeting , the product was developed uh and reviewed , and we talked about the financial end of it . Um and it had some implications , um the four million sales target and new ideas of not too many buttons , bright colours and some of the influence of the Japanese . And we closed early so you could then proceed with your research and getting your reports together for tod this meeting <other> Anybody have any questions on those minutes ? Are they complete , did they discuss everything that we covered last time ? 'Kay . 
B:  Uh I think so , we we we talked about the the individual roles that we each had as well . 
A:  Did I miss something ? 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yeah . I'm afraid I incorporated <laugh> that when I said who was present , but  yes , we did , and we did a little bit of uh team building of uh of making the pictures , but I didn't think those were appropriate to the minutes necessarily . So um as a group I think we've  are  they're accepting the minutes . 
B:  <laugh> Okay . 
D:  <other> Okay , I accept the minutes . 
A:  And uh  okay . 
D:  Is that what we're supposed to say ? 
A:  Yeah . Good . Um , then we'll move to the three presentations . 
C:  Yeah , I do . 
A:  Okay ? 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Okay . Mm we need to move this . Who wants to go f first ? <makes straining sound> 


A:  That's as far as it goes . 
C:  Uh not really meant to touch those microphones . Oh it doesn't have any on , does it ? That's fine . 
D:  Excellent , thank you . 
B:  Oy , big loop under the table . 
A:  She said we didn't need to screw it in . 
D:  Okay . Okay , that looks good . 
A:  It's doing its thing . There we are . 


D:  Alright . Thank you very much . Um . One of the the biggest issues I found about um from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these um remote controls and I think that this is an opportunity to really take Real Reaction in the direction of of similar  of handheld tools that have been used and are used by many of us and to kind of bring the remote control into the si same realm as an accessible um useful electronic device , as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you . So um my main goal here is to re-envision the remote control in in this context and to think about menu functionality and current technology and the fact that it could be interactive with other tools . Um some of the research uh in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now , and um that means we do need to make some decisions about what what keys or or buttons on the on the remote control to perhaps keep and and what ones to discard . And if we devote some energy into this , I think the um recent productions of Real Reaction , the I go everywhere power and the high definition D_V_D_ players  although it makes immediate sense to <other> have our remote control interact with these , I think we can also use this as a platform to make it interact with other tools . And um in fact I think the high definition D_V_D_ players and all of this will come along in the uh  will only benefit from the positive feedback <other> from our well designed tool . So again , most uh users really dislike the current look and feel of remote controls . Um <other> fifty percent  I think of all these uh numbers the most important is fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons . And eighty percent of users , and if we think about this <other> there are a lot of uh television , D_V_D_ , stereo remote control users out there , eighty percent would spend more money on a remote control that looks fancy . 
B:  Could  can I ask where these figures come from , is this market research we've  
D:  Um it was market research and there were a hundred people in the room , so eighty out of a hundred said they would spend more money . 
D:  <other> Well I think we can  I I think we can really focus on this remote and and again bring the Real Reaction um brand in in and and get some positive marketing for our other tools , even if we directly don't um advertise <other> for the I go everywhere line . So an interesting um element was the would you pay more for speech recognition question . So these market research uh uh questionnaires <other> looked into your your uh concern about technology and s specifically wanted to 
A:  Mm . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  find out information about speech recognition . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Shall I go back ? Yeah , yeah . Yeah . 
A:  Okay , you had the other power channel . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  <other> Thank you . That's my contribution . 
A:  Alright . 


A:  And we'll turn to the next presentation . I think she said we don't need to screw it in , just stick it in . And then press , what ? F F_N_ and F_ eight . Next to the control button on the bottom , and then F_ eight at the top . 
C:  Yeah , press them . 
A:  And then w be patient . <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , here we go . 
A:  Tada . 
B:  And if you want it to go into slide show mode , it's that little button there . 
C:  Can I not just uh do each one in order ? 
B:  I you can if you like , it it  that that just sets it up to do a p a p no that one , that one there . 
A:  There we are . Yay . 
C:  That ? That ? 
B:  Left , left a bit , left a bit , that one , yep . And then you just press the click when you wanna go on . 
C:  That ? 


C:  Right , technical functions design . Uh well I think first off , basically I do agree with what Sarah has defined as as uh your personal preferences,yeah . I think we need uh a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions . So my method was to look at the existing remotes and what functions they have . And what we all need to discuss is whether we want these functions uh pretty much the same as what existing remotes have . If we can build on this with the speech recognition , that's not something I'd thought about at all , but it's also something we can discuss . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  Um and and I presume we can miss out the functions really to to a video or D_V_D_ remote control , if this is only gonna be a , you know , satellite , cable , T_V_ 
A:  T_V_ only . 
C:  remote control . 
C:  Uh but then I do think we need to discuss the speech um recognition possibility . 
A:  Okay . Any uh thing else you wanna add ? Okay . 
C:  No . But we could go back to the pictures of the  uh , what're they called ? The pictures of the remote controls and possibly discuss what we think about them , but <other> maybe should hear what Kate has to say first . 
D:  Or if  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  But  
A:   
C:  So that's that for now . 
B:  Cheers . 
A:  Okay . 


B:  Mm , I haven't actually got a display on my screen . Still , I'll do without that . 


B:  Okay um , now I wanna bring us down to earth again I'm afraid and talk about the actual practicalities of how the thing needs to work . <other> Um oh and this is the methodology I used in preparing for this meeting . Um basically I've been doing a little bit of web-based research , <other> and if I had a design team , I would've been discussing my ideas with 'em . But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design that I'd like to discuss with you . 
B:  Thank you . 
A:  Hmm . <other> Okay . Right . 


A:  Okay . 
A:  Right . 
C:  <laugh> We're not gonna get any resolutions by the end of the day , are we ? 
D:  Mm . 
A:  <laugh> Probably not . 
A:  Um so are we agreed then of those things ? 


A:  And let's go back to agenda and hook me up . 
D:  D 
A:  Mm . This oughta be fun . It probably won't go the first time , it'll probably be like a g mess . Come on . Uh it lost it off here . <laugh> Uh  
D:  Oh you're fine . It's fine . 
A:  No , it was up there , but I couldn't see it down here . Mm . This time it should be both . There we go . 
B:  How do you do that ? How do you make it do both ? Ah okay , it toggles through , yeah . <laugh> 
D:  I think 
A:  Um you have to keep doing the financi the the F_N_ and F_ eight to  five minutes to finish , thank you a lot for telling me . 


A:  Um right , we're ready to close . Um  will be completed q questionnaire , um then we'll have some time for individual work to continue our research um and I'll put some minutes of this meeting together . Um your individual assignments are for 
D:  you have to cycle through . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  um Kate to do the components , for you , Steph , to do the user interface and for you the trend-watching . Um and each of us will get help from our coach . Are we agreed to get ourselves together and then have lunch ? Okay . Then that's the end of this meeting . And I hope that's good enough for her <laugh> to tell her that's the end . Okay ? 
C:  Yes . 
B:  <other> Sounds good . Okay . 


C:  We didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though . 
A:  Well I think I went over the functions and wrote them down and marked them . Um that's what I went over and nobody was objecting to them . 
C:  Alright , well that's fine then . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  Sorry , what what actually are these  is that the yellow and black ? 
A:  It doesn't tell me . 
D:  Mm . 
C:  From their  I'll just use it from their website . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Okay ? 
C:  <other> Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Right . Thank you . 


