A:  Uh did you all receive that email ? 
A:  So does anyone have any overall  
D:  Well <other> uh what comes up for me is that if we're gonna if we're gonna be marketing a product that is going to be uh having <other> no teletext , people are very comfortable <other> with <other> the idea of having teletext and using teletext , and so we're not  we're gonna be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now . 
D:  What are we gonna have that makes this thing better than  
A:  Well tha that first point could uh also be an op opportunity 
A:  because in seeing that teletext is becoming outdated , some sort remote control that can work with the Internet  <other> there is the opportunity that's presented , I guess . 
D:  Right . Yeah . No , I I agree with you . 
D:  So what I'm talking about is I see that one side we're eliminating something so we have to come up with another side 
D:  which is , what are we gonna be targeting our market uh that <other> identifies our product as better than  because it doesn't have teletext it has ta-ta-ta-ta-ta . 
A:  but but we are sort of being dictated that this should only be for the television . 
A:  So we're quite fixed . 
A:  So we're really probably , in terms of marketing , are looking for that's uh that's a cost winner rather than a fantastic new feature product . 
C:  So uh we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any T_V_ that we  people use our remote with . 
C:  So it's kind of a stupid decision . 
A:  we really have to innovate here I guess . 
D:  'Cause we're talking about <other> eighty percent or ninety percent or ninety-five percent of the televisions out there are are teletext . 
D:  'cause somebody , some people are gonna be hap unhappy 
D:  'cause it took  they can't ac access their teletext . 
D:  It's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring ? 
A:  I think that the <other> last point is probably quite uh straightforward . 
A:  Obviously the the  w it has to be branded . 
C:  So then the double R_ will be our our  
A:  Can you handle that black and yellow ? 
B:  I think w , yeah , one of the things that we should also keep in mind um when we're doing this  I mean our company's slogan is we put the fashion in electronics , right . 
B:  So I think our kind of  our target here is to <other> have some kind of very like sleek <other> nice look remote 
B:  but I think one of the main selling points is that we don't want it to be clunky like like this thing here . 
B:  We want something that looks nice and it's fashionable and so  
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager reviewed new requirements for the project with the group and discussed their implementation.

B:  I'm the Industrial Designer . 
B:  And we've some basic components that um our remote is gonna need , 
B:  just basically every remote'll need 'em . 
B:  We need some kinda of power d power source . 
B:  Um we have to decide on our our user interface , which is his department , 
B:  but the in user interface is also a major component . 
B:  Um we need a programmable digital signal processor to um to take the input from the user and translate that into uh into electronic signal , which we pass to the infra-red L_E_D_ , which you aim at the television uh which  and it receives that signal . 
B:  You need a on-off switch 
B:  And uh we also need to um have the <other>  if we want a universal remote we need to have encryption codes for the different makes of T_V_s . 
B:  So we need to know all the different you know all the different signals 
B:  and so that'll require some memory as well . 
B:  Um so here's just a basic layout of how how the remote would work . 
B:  You ha the v the power source is in the upper right-hand corner there , 
B:  and you can see that uh we have the user interface here which is connected to the chip which does all our signal processing , 
B:  and then passes that signal on to the infra-red L_E_D_ 
B:  and that signal is then emitted and received by the television at the photo-transistor . 
D:  We're talking about existing technology . 
B:  this is just  this is just a basic layout of ev <other> of all the components that w w are gonna be absolutely necessary f to have a working remote . 
B:  We can add things in like if we wanted some voice recognition , 
B:  I mean that <other> I mean <other> that you can kinda say would <other> would fall under the user interface and the digital signal processing chip . 
A:  Do we have an idea of costs of different components ? 
B:  Um well the most the most costly components are gonna be the chip 
B:  basically the user interface and the casing are gonna be expensive as well . 
B:  Um the L_E_D_ and the the transistors and everything else are you know they're they're pretty cheap . 
B:  We uh we have to wait until we get to a more specific design phase for that . 
B:  Um but  and I think a significant part of the cost could be the actual the actual casing itself and and you know the the b the buttons and things like that , I think . 
B:  That's all I have really . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer presented the basic components of a remote control device and how they work together.

B:  So depending on what we want our functionality to be , um the chip could be expensive or it could be cheap . 
B:  Um depending on the n amount of memory we need in there and stuff like that and h and h <other> you know how much power . 
abst_sum - abstract: He showed that the size of the chip they will use is dependent on how many complicated functions are included.

C:  So yeah function design . 
C:  what I found is we want to do fashion 
C:  and I think , honestly , we should keep technology low and just simple basically 
C:  and try to aim for design . 
C:  basically a case will will cost the same if it looks good or bad 
C:  so we ma we have to make it look good . 
C:  Um something cute and small . 
C:  The big chunky remotes are died in the eighties . 
C:  And um although mo most people will buy s televisions and everything for uh  that have loads of loads of little functions and everything 
C:  and they mostly end up using simple functions and little things 
C:  and most the people won't won't get too mad of actually having to go the  to the s to the television to , for instance , tune in their  the stations . 
C:  There's no need to have that in the remote . 
C:  um as for what I would recommend for uh the the interface design , and uh I will change the colours on the on the logo , but <laugh> um we should go for the user-oriented device , 
C:  so simple controls and good ergonomics . 
C:  Um and uh although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that , I guess , 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer stressed that the project should focus on a simple design for the device.

A:  But I t I think what the <other> the management recommendation was less that there's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we shouldn't have it . 
C:  Um and uh although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that , I guess , 
A:  So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . 
A:  I mean <other> even if it's necessary or not , if you  if you're given the choice between a t a remote with teletext or without uh when it really  
A:  if it i <other> if it isn't more expensive for us to k make  because as far as I understand it , <other> it can be operated with the same set of buttons , yeah ? 
B:  i it's just uh <other> the cost of an extra button . 
D:  I  in the very beginning it said with the with the advent of computers there's gonna be the  it's gonna be out-moded teletext . 
D:  I I don't understand how those two things are connected . 
D:  How does how does computers and teletext  h how  why is one eliminating the need of the other ? 
A:  Well maybe what we're getting into here is the the idea of uh Internet through the T_V_ for example . 
C:  the they're basically aiming at saying that <other> you would use  you know a couple of years ago teletext to be the easiest way to check like for uh uh the scheduling and the next programme and stuff like that 
C:  But I still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities . 
D:  I just  I don't see the cross-over between computers and television . 
D:  I mean I do see the cross-over in some sense , 
D:  but but but but with the  the remote is is used for television , okay . 
A:  Well there there is a  for example on digital T_V_ systems you have  you can press a button and you can buy things in adverts , 
A:  They're just features from the Internet uh from computers are are coming into the T_V_ sort of under the covers , 
A:  Yeah , and there's other features for example on other systems where you can pause live T_V_ and things like that . 
C:  And all of those require the other commands with more complexity and more software and  
A:  If if it's <other> , for example , a trainable one then we're <other> just simply having like an up , down , left , right , an okay button or something like that might might do as well in future proofing it . 
C:  but I guess we can remove it 
B:  I think if it's possible you should try to you know have a talk with management about that . 
D:  I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext , 
A:  Yeah , and neither do I in fact . 
A:  a a and th the message really we wanna be sending to them is that , although teletext may become outdated w there's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it doesn't affect the price . 
C:  but we're not putting some  there's no no putting anything in in the place of teletext . 
D:  and and we're also <other> marketing a product . It's  what I'm seeing is a is a mid-range cost product . 
D:  So so w we can't go and pump a whole bunch of technology into this thing 
A:  So if we're keeping it basic we're loo loo what we're looking to sell it basically is it's uh just being very easy to use , looking exceptionally good , that sort of thing . 
D:  and to me if I'm gonna market a product for b for beauty for for design I'm gonna I'm gonna try to market it at a much higher price . 
D:  I want I want to market it as exclusive . 
D:  So I would market this product it  at eighty-nine Euros 
D:  and come up with some really <other> beautiful exterior design or something 
D:  th but but I don't think we have that flexibility . 
A:  But i if design if design is cheap and functionality is basic , then twenty-five Euros is probably a high price for a commoner garden  stan standard T_V_ 
D:  and if I'm coming in with a with with twenty-five Euros , which is mid-market price , um then what am I going to give these people for this ? 
C:  just I I would I would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands . 
C:  Right now it's just the idea of simplicity and slickness , cute and small um  
C:  Um as for , you know , the the case design uh maybe I'll come up with more concrete ideas . 
B:  I'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there , how many people <other> how many people actually use every feature 
B:  you know i like these trainable remotes and things like that , where , you know , it's just so confusing to do <other> to use all these functions . 
B:  They want something that looks nice , 
B:  that you know that maybe it's it's ergonomic , it feels good in your hand , something like that . 
B:  Where I think the largest portion of the market is just gonna  you know they lost their T_V_ remote , they need another one that'll work with their T_V_ . 
B:  I think that's gonna be where you're gonna find the biggest , you know , market share . 
B:  I think the more bells and whistles we add , it's just gonna cut into our into our profits . 
B:  Because I think as we as we add costs for things like uh  for like if we add the voice recognition and things like that , I think <other> you know what percentage of the of the um of the market is actually gonna use that ? 
A:  But we can talk a little bit more potentially in the marketing marketing presentation about this . 
D:  Oh P Pedro , I just want to say quickly I I would really like it when you can come up with some more bells and whistles , eh . 
D:  You know sell uh  things come to my mind is uh uh something that's uh <other> um voice-activated . 
D:  'Cause uh and I think of voice-activated 
D:  I think of of <other> how many times I've I've lost my my remote and I can't find it . 
D:  So some way that I can I can find my remote by clapping my hands or something 
D:  our our competition out there has got these these multiple adaptors where they can use 'em for their V_C_R_s , their D_V_D_s , their <other> their televisions 
D:  And so to me we have to make this a really special product 
D:  but I I don't see the market niche for this product without without some really sort of something really special to identify it as as unique in the market . 
C:  But we th that should be design . 
C:  I think technology we'd we  we're not in the price range to do it . 
C:  so we should we should aim at design . 
D:  Okay well , so so that's up to you then 
A:  Does any of the um the features that Pedro's spoken about here have any implications we might not have thought about on in terms of just pure functionality ? 
B:  I think all these things are pretty standard . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group discussed not being able to include a teletext component, and that the product design would have to be the main selling point of the device.

A:  Onto participant <other> four . 
D:  'til you spoke and when I wrote this , I don't know what I'm marketing . 
D:  I just know that I I was identified as a a  we identified ourselves as a as a developer , as a manufacturer , and as a as a um distributor t to other wholesalers . 
D:  And so the th the twenty-five Euros that we've identified as the sale price is a wholesale price rather than a retail price . 
D:  Um so what I did is I I decided that <other> that this this needs to be a product in a in a sense can market itself . 
D:  We're making the most beautiful attractive uh whatever we decide it is . 
D:  Um <other> so I would like to have a product that that we can sell easily . 
D:  so having something beauty , something attractive , uh something that in a sense will sell itself . 
D:  Uh innovation I think fits into what we're talking about here with design . 
D:  Uh cutting edge technology , I don't think we're gonna have that , 
D:  um unless we come up with some New Age product a as far as the casing is concerned . 
D:  I I talked about environmentally sensitive , 
D:  uh maybe we have a product that can be identified in some way as advantageous in a home . 
D:  Uh I wanted to talk about uh who we are as a as a corporation , 
D:  that we're new , we're aggressive , we're competitive , we're we're trying to provide a product from a new perspective rather than from an old corporate line . 
D:  So to me it's about selling d uh our identity  our corporate identity along with the product . 
D:  Uh we're kind of in the middle of the market , 
D:  but again , because what I see is budget restrictions and limitations , I don't know that we can bring any new technology into this thing . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert discussed his marketing strategy for the project, again stressing the attractiveness of the product design.

B:  And it's kind of <other> along the s lines of environmentally sensitive , 
B:  and it may even fit into ergonomics , 
B:  and even kind of address the issue of losing losing the remote , what we were saying it's a common issue . 
B:  Um what we can do is , well you know that batteries  throwing a aw remotes run through batteries like crazy . Right ? 
B:  <laugh> Well maybe not a solar remote 
B:  but instead what about if we had like a power cradle ? 
B:  Like a a cradle that is is there to hold the remote when you're not using it , 
B:  and we can , instead of having instead of having , you know , replaceable batteries we'll just have a power cell that stays there for the life of the remote . 
B:  'cause you have to put it back there to charge the remote , 
B:  I I think it's a good opportunity for the user design  
B:  You know you could have some kind of neat little , you know , <other> a sexy design for d a cradle and the remote itself . 
D:  I like the idea , 
D:  but we're talking about  in cost is gonna probably double . 
B:  And you could page the remote if you lose it . 
A:  Now the the question is can we make this for less than twelve-fifty per ? 
D:  No no . No no , 
D:  we have t we have to change the end cost . 
A:  We we well do we necessarily have to change the end cost because uh <other> Can we dl can we do that without <other> uh changing it twelve-fifty per product , if we basically can sell more based on this ? 
D:  I <other>  my reaction is no , but 
B:  <other> what I can do is I can d look into ho well Pedro and I can look into how much this might increase our our costs 
A:  I w I don't wanna go over somewhere and put it down . 
A:  It  i if it is gonna be somewhere that you put it down then it needs to be at the side of your armchair , 
A:  and that implies that there's only one T_V_ user . 
B:  it would last for several hours on its own power , 
B:  but when you're done with it you put it back in the cradle . 
A:  But it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent . 
A:  I d I d I d I think it it  in my mind it doesn't seem like something that oh I'd really want uh because of that fact . 
D:  Well , I think again it's it  we have a cost issue here . 
B:  un unless you guys are die-hard against the fact that um it's possible like it reduces the usability of the remote b and the fact that you can't lose it on your own , I think it still might be a good idea to investigate having like a power cradle . 
B:  Because I really think i in a certain sense it almost like  for me I would want to have that just , because I know at the end of when I'm done watching T_V_ that when I'm done , oh I better go find the remote and put it back where it belongs . 
A:  Whereas actually just putting it in a power cradle might not be too expensive at all 
B:  The locator'll definitely be more expensive . 
A:  Um need to look into whether we can do that 
B:  I think one of the things that we can put right on the box is , never buy another battery . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer proposed including a battery charging stand with the device but it was decided that it was not a useful feature.

A:  we we can certainly push for a more expensive product if that's gonna be  
D:  Well , see I I  see I I'm an advocate to make this an exclusive product . 
D:  Let's make this thing really exclusive , environmentally sensitive , uh high-tech design , uh ergonomics , all of this . 
B:  I just don't know about that , because in order to do that <other>  in order to price it at that kind of level I think we'd need to have every functionality that all the other competitors are offering 
B:  like being able to operate , you know , the D_V_D_ player and , you know , the stereo system and all that . 
B:  Which is a pretty basic function that w we've opted out of . 
A:  I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext . 
B:  But I do think there are some basic features that we don't have that a lot of other remotes are going to have . 
D:  They gave us a fundament a foundation of of what they want , 
D:  and and w it's our place to kinda analyse and evaluate . 
D:  I don't know what kind of role we have in this  in the corporate ladder uh , 
D:  do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss ? 
D:  beca I I do not  I do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing f handing us right now . 
B:  I think our market niche is basically people who need <other>  who have lost their remote 
B:  and then they're gonna look on the shelf and they're gonna see ours is the nicest looking remote . 
A:  I th I think it's important to remember that that this remote has to work with multiple T_V_s , yeah , 
A:  'cause it's selling on its own . 
A:  All you need to do is train them to the individual one , 
D:  they've identified the product as not working for anything but televisions . 
D:  If we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for D_V_D_s , V_C_R_s and everything , then I can see the market niche , 
D:  because who wants just a television remote ? 
B:  If you're in the market for this ultimate remote , you're not gonna go for just a television remote . 
A:  So we really can't chase that . 
A:  We're really looking for something basic . 
A:  The the one thing that that that you said really struck a chord with me here in that we're we're carrying the corporate identity with the product , 
A:  where I'd be inclined to go back to upper-level management and say like let's just cut down our profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here . 
A:  We're trying to get mind-share about uh Real Reaction to to the people who are gonna buy consumer electronics . 
A:  And and we're gonna make it  we're gonna win mind-share by uh either being a fantastic product 
A:  or for it working , it just being good , reasonable-priced , <other> and solid . 
D:  W <other> okay if you if you drop the cost , now if you make if you make  go to the other side of the cost scale , and you make it less expensive , then all of a sudden now we're going into an a a new market area . 
D:  But what I'm saying is right now we're middle market . 
A:  Is twenty-five Euros a mid-market price for a remote ? 
D:  We have to have something that will change people's thinking to identify this as advantageous , 
D:  It's gotta be low-cost or high-cost with with special design features . 
A:  Well I'd be inclined to say , if we can make the design better than any comparable remote while reducing the cost , then that's the way we really should play it . 
A:  If we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it , 
A:  And I can communicate this to to the more senior <other> uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction . 
C:  Uh we should keep it simple , mm medium-low cost mar um cost area and uh make it look good . 
D:  The box is gonna sell it I think , the outside , the casing . 
D:  Can can can we have multiple designs ? 
D:  and so so instead of them all looking the same , people can have maybe four or five different designs they can choose from . 
D:  I don't know what that creates cost , or  
B:  <other> Yeah we we need to , I mean , have a few designs to look at 
B:  I think w what's really important is it has to look good , 
B:  it has to be durable , 
B:  it has to a and I think it's really important that it doesn't look cheap . 
D:  what about a a remote that's <other> that <other> doesn't maybe look like a remote ? 
D:  it it opens like a telephone . 
B:  Or what if it looks like a pen ? 
D:  I don't have a problem selling a product , 
D:  Once you have the finished product I'll find a way to sell it . 
D:  One thing I just thought about when you were saying that , is that the p our target market is gonna be someone who has lost or broken  
D:  Can we p can we sell them a remote that can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one ? 
D:  And so with with with this kind of system or locator or something , to to think about , how have people been been losing or breaking their remote ? 
D:  And and then and then design the product , maybe some component of the product that can identify this as the last one you'll ever need to buy . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group continued to discuss the marketing strategy for the device as it would not include many advanced technological functions; they discussed including a guarantee for the remote and using a unique form factor.

A:  So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . 
C:  just I I would I would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands . 
D:  I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext , 
A:  I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided that they want to incorporate teletext despite the management's directive.

D:  but we're talking about  in cost is gonna probably double . 
A:  But it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group does not want to include the battery charging stand.

B:  Um well the most the most costly components are gonna be the chip 
abst_sum - problems: There was a lack of information about the cost of components and materials.

A:  So we're quite fixed . 
D:  Well <other> uh what comes up for me is that if we're gonna if we're gonna be marketing a product that is going to be uh having <other> no teletext , people are very comfortable <other> with <other> the idea of having teletext and using teletext , and so we're not  we're gonna be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now . 
C:  So uh we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any T_V_ that we  people use our remote with . 
C:  So it's kind of a stupid decision . 
D:  It's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring ? 
A:  So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . 
C:  Um and uh although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that , I guess , 
A:  But I t I think what the <other> the management recommendation was less that there's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we shouldn't have it . 
C:  But I still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities . 
D:  I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext , 
A:  Yeah , and neither do I in fact . 
A:  a a and th the message really we wanna be sending to them is that , although teletext may become outdated w there's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it doesn't affect the price . 
B:  Which is a pretty basic function that w we've opted out of . 
A:  I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext . 
D:  I don't know what kind of role we have in this  in the corporate ladder uh , 
D:  do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss ? 
D:  beca I I do not  I do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing f handing us right now . 
D:  If we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for D_V_D_s , V_C_R_s and everything , then I can see the market niche , 
D:  because who wants just a television remote ? 
A:  If we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it , 
A:  And I can communicate this to to the more senior <other> uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction . 
abst_sum - problems: The group felt constrained by the new project requirements and had difficulties implementing the management's directives.

