A:  This is our last meeting . 
A:  Um I'll go ahead and go through the minutes from the previous meeting . 
A:  Uh and then we'll have a , the prototype presentation . 
A:  Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget . 
A:  Um then we'll do the evaluation , 
A:  and then we can finish up after that with um any changes that we'll need to make , 
A:  We had uh the fashion trends that people want a fancy look-and-feel . 
A:  Um they liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles . 
A:  Um and a spongy feel . 
A:  Um they wanted limited buttons and simplicity . 
A:  Um the iPod , we really liked the look of that . 
A:  the materials for the case , the different energy sources , the different types of chips , 
A:  um and made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote . 
descriptions: Inform Offer Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting and read the minutes of the previous meeting.

C:  basically we we st went with the colour yellow . 
C:  Um working on the principle of a fruit which was mentioned , it's basically designed around a banana . 
C:  These would be like the rubber , the rubber grips . 
C:  Um but all the controlling would be done with this scroll wheel . 
C:  And the the simplest functions would be um almost identical to an iPod , 
C:  And then to access the more complicated functions you'd you sorta go , you press that and go through the menus . 
C:  we could use the voice . 
C:  It's as simple as you , we could make it really . 
B:  Plastic covered with rubber . 
C:  T the actual thing might be smaller . 
B:  It's a quick on-off button . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer and user interface designer presented the prototype they created, which was designed to look like a banana.

D:  You guys are gonna help me do an evaluation of the criteria . 
D:  we're gonna be doing it based on a seven point scale . 
D:  And one is going to mean true , that we did actually achieve that . 
D:  With seven being false , we did not achieve that . 
D:  So for the first one , we need to decide , did we solved the problem of the users who complained about an ugly remote ? <laugh> 
D:  Did we make it simple for new users ? 
D:  Um , do the controls now match the operating behaviour of the users ? 
D:  How about the problem of a remote being easily lost ? 
D:  Are we technologically innovative ? 
D:  Um spongy material ? 
D:  did we put the fashion in electronics ? 
D:  Now we just gotta calculate . 
D:  Okay we'll say two point four two . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert conducted an evaluation of the prototype.

A:  I think it's definitely different than anything else out there . 
B:  I'd say , when it comes to the ergonomics , the form and stuff , yes that's definitely more beautiful than your average . 
B:  So uh to answer that honestly I would rather say like uh , we have not solved the problem completely with the ugly remote because the colour is ugly , definitely . 
B:  I mean I much prefer something like brushed chrome with that form . 
D:  <laugh> Four is fair . 
descriptions: Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment 
abst_sum - abstract: The team found that, although the overall design of the prototype was attractive, its yellow color was ugly.

B:  It's very intuitive , I think yeah . 
C:  'Cause we've we've brought it down to basically four controls  most common , which are channel and volume . 
B:  So that's a one . 
B:  Something that big and that yellow you just don't lose anymore . 
C:  But um if we were to , if we were , that , the speech recognition . That , we could maybe just use that solely for the the finding thing . 
B:  Y you could add an extra feature actually . 
B:  Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television . 
B:  That can't cost much . 
B:  Let's add one of those features and say yes . <laugh> 
A:  Two . 
descriptions: Assess Inform Assess Assess Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The team rated the prototype highly on its ease of use and felt that its yellow color and shape detracted slightly from its ability to be misplaced and that a feature which causes the remote to make noise based on its proximity to a television needed to be added.

B:  It's all just stolen technology when it comes down to  <laugh> <other> 
A:  I don't know that we are that innovative , to tell you the truth . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Um I would say we're probably at four . 
A:  We have some spongy , yeah . 
B:  It's not a one though . 
A:  Probably a four at most . 
D:  I'd say we did . 
B:  <other> Well the recent fashion is rather displayed in the in the L_C_D_ and the way you operate it than the form and the colour , 
descriptions: Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The team thought the prototype was fashionable and not technologically innovative or spongy.

A:  Now we get to do the budget numbers . 
A:  We want a fifty percent profit on this . 
A:  Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take ? 
B:  Two . 
B:  That's the advanced chip-on-print , yeah . 
A:  'Kay then the case is a  Probably it's double curved . 
A:  Case materials are 
B:  Plastic . 
B:  That's not a special colour . 
B:  It's a specially ugly colour , but it's not special . 
A:  Well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged , 
A:  <laugh> we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Assess Assess Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager led the team in calculating the production costs of the remote and ensuring that they aligned with the project budget.

A:  So our total is fifteen point five . 
A:  by three Euros over . 
C:  you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even , 
B:  Right . We may not need it . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The costs were over budget, so the team opted to exclude the LCD from their design to meet their budget.

A:  I think that perhaps the project evaluation's just supposed to be completed by me . 
A:  But I'd like to hear your thoughts . 
A:  Uh h what did you think of our project process ? 
C:  yeah I think we did quite well . Um  
A:  Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning . 
A:  But as the day went along we had more idea of what we were doing . 
A:  and um I think it was um interesting as you guys brought up more um information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things . 
B:  Super super . 
A:  I had some problem with the pen I think , 
D:  Minus your PowerPoint fiasco . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The team conducted an evaluation of the project process and found that they performed well and were somewhat satisfied by the resources available to them.

None

abst_sum - action: *NA*

B:  Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television . 
B:  Let's add one of those features and say yes . <laugh> 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will make some sort of noise based on its proximity to a television.

B:  Two . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will use two batteries.

B:  That's the advanced chip-on-print , yeah . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will use an advanced chip-on-print.

A:  'Kay then the case is a  Probably it's double curved . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be double curved.

A:  Case materials are 
B:  Plastic . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote case will be made of plastic.

B:  That's not a special colour . 
B:  It's a specially ugly colour , but it's not special . 
descriptions: Assess Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will come in a special color.

B:  Right . We may not need it . 
descriptions: Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will not use an LCD.

C:  But um if we were to , if we were , that , the speech recognition . That , we could maybe just use that solely for the the finding thing . 
B:  Y you could add an extra feature actually . 
B:  Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television . 
B:  That can't cost much . 
B:  Let's add one of those features and say yes . <laugh> 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: What feature to include to prevent the remote from getting lost.

A:  Well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged , 
A:  <laugh> we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: What sort of button supplements the remote requires.

A:  by three Euros over . 
A:  So our total is fifteen point five . 
C:  What if we completely took out the the one single button we've got on . 
C:  I suppose the L_C_D_ C_ display's the one that's pushing it up a bit though . 
C:  you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: How to meet the project budget.

