D:  So the mistake  would have make a mistake  the system would have made a mistake here . 
D:  OK . 
D:  I tried to go for the EE Cummings sort of feeling , 
D:  but  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  No , I didn't see that movie . 
D:  Who did  who made that ? 
D:  Oh . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Uh . We 're having , <outbreath> a 
D:  tiramisu tasting contest this weekend . 
D:  No ? 
D:  Um . There was a  a  a fierce argument that broke out over whose tiramisu might be the best 
D:  and so we decided to have a contest where those people who claim to make good tiramisu make them , 
D:  and then we got a panel of impartial judges that will taste  do a blind taste <inbreath> and then vote . 
D:  Should be fun . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well , I was thinking if um  
D:  y you guys have plans for Sunday ? 
D:  We 're  we 're not  
D:  it 's probably going to be this Sunday , but um we 're sort of working with the weather here 
D:  because we also want to combine it with some barbecue activity where we just fire it up and what  whoever brings whatever you know , can throw it on there . 
D:  So only the tiramisu is free , nothing else . 
D:  So you 're going to the west Bay then ? 
D:  No , 
D:  south Bay ? 
D:  South Bay . 
D:  OK , I 'll let you know . 
D:  They are gonna get more comfortable headsets . 
D:  They already ordered them . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Let 's get started . 
D:  The uh  
D:  Should I go first , with the uh , um , data . 
D:  Can I have the remote <outbreath> control . 
D:  Thank you . 
D:  OK . 
D:  So . On Friday we had our wizard test data test and um <outbreath> these are some of the results . 
D:  This was the introduction . 
D:  I actually uh , even though Liz was uh kind enough to offer to be the first subject , I sort of felt that she knew too much , 
D:  so I asked uh Litonya . just on the spur of the moment , and she was uh kind enough to uh serve as the first subject . 
D:  So , this is what she saw as part of  as uh for instr introduction , 
D:  this is what she had to read  aloud . 
D:  Uh , that was really difficult for her 
D:  and uh  
D:  The names and um 
D:  this was the uh first three tasks she had to  to master after she called the system , 
D:  and um then of course the system broke down , 
D:  and those were the l uh uh 
D:  I should say the system was supposed to break down and then um these were the remaining three tasks that she was going to solve , with a human  
D:  Um . 
D:  There are  here are uh the results . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  And I will not  
D:  We will skip the reading now . 
D:  D Um . 
D:  And um . 
D:  The reading was five minutes , exactly . 
D:  And now comes the  
D:  This is the phone - in phase of  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  It was bo it both times the same person . 
D:  One time , pretending to be a system , 
D:  one time , to  pretending to be a human , which is actually not pretending . 
D:  I should  
D:  No no no . 
D:  We u Wait . 
D:  OK , good question , but uh 
D:  you  you just wait and see . 
D:  It 's  You 're gonna l learn . 
D:  And um the wizard sometimes will not be audible , 
D:  Because she was actually  they  there was some uh lapse in the um wireless , 
D:  we have to move her closer . 
D:  They 're mispronouncing everything , 
D:  but it 's  
D:  This is the system breaking down , actually . 
D:  " Did I call Europe ? " 
D:  So , this is it . 
D:  Well , if we  we um 
D:  There was a strange reflex . 
D:  I have a headache . 
D:  I 'm really sort of out of it . 
D:  OK , the uh lessons learned . 
D:  The reading needs to be shorter . 
D:  Five minutes is just too long . 
D:  Um , that was already anticipated by some people suggested that if we just have bullets here , they 're gonna not  they 're  subjects are probably not gonna  going to follow the order . 
D:  And uh she did not . 
D:  She  
D:  No . 
D:  She  she jumped around quite a bit . 
D:  Yeah , and make it sort of clear in the uh  
D:  Um . We need to  So that 's one thing . 
D:  And we need a better introduction for the wizard . 
D:  That is something that Fey actually thought of a  in the last second that sh the system should introduce itself , when it 's called . 
D:  And um , um , another suggestion , by Liz , was that we uh , through subjects , switch the tasks . 
D:  So when  when they have task - one with the computer , the next person should have task - one with a human , and so forth . 
D:  So we get nice um data for that . 
D:  Um , we have to refine the tasks more and more , which of course we haven't done at all , so far , in order to avoid this rephrasing , 
D:  so where , even though w we don't tell the person " ask  blah - blah - blah - blah - blah " 
D:  they still try , or at least Litonya tried to um repeat as much of that text as possible . 
D:  And uh my suggestion is of course we  we keep the wizard , because I think she did a wonderful job , 
D:  in the sense that she responded quite nicely to things that were not asked for , 
D:  " How much is a t a bus ticket and a transfer " 
D:  so this is gonna happen all the time , we d you can never be sure . 
D:  Um . Johno pointed out that uh we have maybe a grammatical gender problem there with wizard . 
D:  So um . 
D:  But uh  
D:  Well , there is witch and warlock , 
D:  and uh  
D:  OK . 
D:  And um  
D:  So , some  some work needs to be done , but I think we can uh  
D:  And this , and  in case no  you hadn't seen it , this is what Litonya looked at during the uh  um while taking the  while partaking in the data collection . 
D:  I 'm completely clueless , but I 'm willing to learn . 
D:  N 
D:  Student - type worker , 
D:  or  ? 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  This is sort of what I gave her , so this is for example h how to get to the student prison , 
D:  and I didn't even spell it out here 
D:  and in some cases I  I spelled it out a little bit um more thoroughly , 
D:  this is the information on  on the low sunken castle , and the amphitheater that never came up , 
D:  and um , so i if we give her even more um , instruments to work with I think the results are gonna be even better . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Yeah she  she didn't explicitly state that 
D:  so . 
D:  And um I told her that we gonna um figure out a meeting time in the near future to refine the tasks and s look for the potential sources to find people . 
D:  She also agrees that you know if it 's all just gonna be students the data is gonna be less valuable because of that 
D:  so . 
D:  We 're already  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  However , we may run into a problem with a reading task there . 
D:  And um , we 'll see . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Sounds good . 
D:  The uh other two things is um 
D:  we 've  can have Johno tell us a little about this 
D:  and we also have a l little bit on the interface , 
D:  M - three - L enhancement , 
D:  and then um that was it , I think . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  What 's " tourbook " ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well , I think this is still , I mean , ad - hoc . 
D:  This is sort of th the second <mouth-click> version and I  I  I  look at this maybe just as a , you know , a  a  whatever , UML diagram or , you know , as just a uh screen shot , not really as a Bayes - net as John  Johno said . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  But the uh  the  the nice thing is that you know , it just is a  is a visual aid for thinking about these things which has comple clearly have to be specified m more carefully 
D:  and uh 
D:  I mean , ultimately we  we may w w 
D:  we regard this as sort of an exercise in  in thinking about the problem 
D:  and maybe a first version of uh a module , if you wanna call it that , that you can ask , 
D:  that you can give input 
D:  and it it 'll uh throw the dice for you , 
D:  uh throw the die for you , 
D:  because um I integrated this into the existing SmartKom system in  in the same way as much the same way we can um sort of have this uh  this thing . 
D:  Close this down . 
D:  So if this is what M - three - L um will look like and what it 'll give us , 
D:  um  
D:  And a very simple thing . 
D:  We have an action that he wants to go from somewhere , which is some type of object , to someplace . 
D:  And this  these uh  this changed now only um , um  
D:  It 's doing it twice now because it already did it once . 
D:  Um , we 'll add some action type , which in this case is " Approach " and could be , you know , more refined uh in many ways . 
D:  Or we can uh have something where the uh goal is a public place 
D:  and it will give us then of course an action type of the type " Enter " . 
D:  So this is just based on this one  um , on this one feature , 
D:  and that 's  that 's about all you can do . 
D:  And so in the f 
D:  if this pla if the object type um here is  is a m is a landmark , of course it 'll be um " Vista " . 
D:  And um this is about as much as we can do if we don't w if we want to avoid uh uh a huge combinatorial explosion where we specify " OK , if it 's this and this but that is not the case " , and so forth , it just gets really really messy . 
D:  Hmm ? 
D:  Exactly . 
D:  Every public place you enter , and statue you want to go as near as possible . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And it  it would do us no good . 
D:  That  
D:  Ultimately . 
D:  W 
D:  Hmm ? 
D:  No . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  No . 
D:  And 
D:  this is  just in order to exemplify what  what we can do very , very easily is , um 
D:  we have this  this silly uh interface and we have the rules that are as banal as of we just saw , and we have our content . 
D:  Now , the content  
D:  I  whi which is sort of what  what we see here , which is sort of the Vista , Schema , Source , Path , Goal , whatever . 
D:  This will um be um a job to find ways of writing down Image schema , X - schema , constructions , in some  some form , 
D:  and have this be in a  in a  in the content , 
D:  loosely called " Constructicon " . 
D:  And the rules we want to throw away completely . 
D:  And um  and here is exactly where what 's gonna be replaced with our Bayes - net , 
D:  which is exactly getting the input feeding into here . 
D:  This decides whether it 's an whether action  
D:  the  the Enter , 
D:  the Vista , 
D:  or the whatever 
D:  uh Approach um construction should be activated , IE just pasted in . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Aspects of the X - schema to add . 
D:  Object type , 
D:  mm - hmm . 
D:  Also it strikes me that we  we m may want to approach the point where we can sort of try to find a  uh , a specification for some interface , here that um takes the normal M - three - L , looks at it . 
D:  Then we discussed in our pre - edu  EDU meeting um how to ask the ontology , what to ask the ontology 
D:  um the fact that we can pretend we have one , make a dummy until we get the real one , 
D:  and so um we  we may wanna decide we can do this from here , 
D:  but we also could do it um you know if we have a  a  a belief - net interface . 
D:  So the belief - net takes as input , a vector , 
D:  right ? 
D:  of stuff . 
D:  And it  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And um it Output is whatever , as well . 
D:  But this information is just M - three - L , 
D:  and then we want to look up some more stuff in the ontology 
D:  and we want to look up some more stuff in the  
D:  maybe we want to ask the real world , 
D:  maybe you want to look something up in the GRS , 
D:  but also we definitely want to look up in the dialogue history um some s some stuff . 
D:  Based on 
D:  we  we have uh  
D:  I was just made some examples from the ontology 
D:  and so we have for example some information there that the town hall is both a  a  a building and it has doors and stuff like this , 
D:  but it is also an institution , so it has a mayor and so forth and so forth 
D:  and we get relations out of it and once we have them , we can use that information to look in the dialogue history , 
D:  " were any of these things that  that are part of the town hall as an institution mentioned ? " , 
D:  " were any of these that make the town hall a building mentioned ? " , 
D:  and so forth , 
D:  and maybe draw some inferences on that . 
D:  So this may be a  a sort of a process of two to three steps before we get our vector , that we feed into the belief - net , 
D:  and then  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  So this is actually , s if  if we were to build something that is um , 
D:  and , uh , I had one more thing , 
D:  the  it needs to do  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I think we  I  I can come up with a  a code for a module that we call the " cognitive dispatcher " , which does nothing , 
D:  but it looks of complect object trees and decides how  are there parts missing that need to be filled out , 
D:  there 's  this is maybe something that this module can do , something that this module can do 
D:  and then collect uh sub - objects and then recombine them and put them together . 
D:  So maybe this is actually some  some useful tool that we can use to rewrite it , and uh get this part , 
D:  then . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  There 're no primitives upon which  uh 
D:  yeah . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Maybe we sho 
D:  should we a add then the " what 's this ? " domain ? 
D:  N 
D:  I mean , we have to 
D:  " how do I get to X " . 
D:  Then we also have the " what 's this ? " domain , where we get some slightly different  
D:  Um Johno , actually , does not allow us to call them " intentions " anymore . 
D:  So he  he dislikes the term . 
D:  But um , I 'm sure the " what 's this ? " questions also create some interesting X - schema aspects . 
D:  So . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Getting out of  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  It 's unfortunate also that English has sort of got rid of most of its spatial adverbs 
D:  because they 're really fancy then , in  in  for these kinds of analysis . 
D:  But uh . 
D:  Yeah , but they 're  they 're easier for parsers . 
D:  Parsers can pick those up but  but the  with the spatial adverbs , they have a tough time . 
D:  Because the  mean the semantics are very complex in that . 
D:  OK , yeah ? 
D:  I had one more  thing . 
D:  I don't remember . 
D:  I just forgot it again . 
D:  No . 
D:  Oh yeah , 
D:  b But an architecture like this would also enable us maybe to  to throw this away and  and replace it with something else , or whatever , 
D:  so that we have  so that this is sort of the representational formats we 're  we 're  we 're talking about that are independent of the problem , 
D:  that generalize over those problems , and are oh , t of a higher quality than an any actual whatever um belief - net , or " X " that we may use for the decision making , ultimately . 
D:  Should be decoupled , yeah . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yeah , um , Liz also asks whether we 're gonna have presentations every time . 
D:  I don't think we will need to do that but it 's  
D:  so far I think it was nice as a visual aid for some things and  and  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And um . 
D:  Yeah , that was my  
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  The uh  um , she w she was definitely good in the sense that she  she showed us some of the weaknesses 
D:  and um also the um  <inbreath> the fact that she was a real subject you know , is  is  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So I think that um  I mean , w 
D:  Looking  just looking at this data , listening to it , what can we get out of it in terms of our problem , 
D:  for example , is , you know , she actually m said  you know , she never s just spoke about entering , she just wanted to get someplace , and she said for buying stuff . 
D:  Nuh ? 
D:  So this is definitely interesting , and  
D:  Um , and in the other case , where she wanted to look at the stuff at the graffiti , 
D:  also , of course , not in the sentence " How do you get there ? " was pretty standard . 
D:  Nuh ? 
D:  except that there was a nice anaphora , you know , for pointing at what she talked about before , 
D:  and there she was talking about looking at pictures that are painted inside a wall on walls , 
D:  so 
D:  Actually , you 'd need a lot of world knowledge . 
D:  This would have been a classical um uh " Tango " , actually . 
D:  Um , because graffiti is usually found on the outside and not on the inside , 
D:  but 
D:  OK . 
D:  So the mistake  would have make a mistake  the system would have made a mistake here . 
