B:  Alright . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So , are  are you trying to record this meeting ? 
B:  S so if you just number them " one " , " two " , " three " it 's 
B:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  True . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Great . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Uh . 
B:  OK , 
B:  great . 
B:  So  first of all , I agree that um we should hire Fey , and start paying her . 
B:  Probably pay for the time she 's put in as well . 
B:  Um , do you know exactly how to do that , 
B:  or is uh Lila  
B:  I mean , you know what exactly do we do to  to put her on the payroll in some way ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Well , you 'll have to . 
B:  Right . 
B:  So anyway , 
B:  um 
B:  So why don't you uh ask Lila 
B:  and see what she says about you know exactly what we do for someone in 
B:  th 
B:  Well , yeah she 's un she 's not a  a student , 
B:  she just graduated 
B:  but anyway . 
B:  So i if  
B:  Yeah , I agree , 
B:  she sounded fine , 
B:  she a actually was  uh , more uh , present and stuff than  than she was in conversation , 
B:  so she did a better job than I would have guessed from just talking to her . 
B:  So I think that 's great . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Oh , yeah , 
B:  and then of course as she does it she 'll  she 'll learn @ @ . 

B:  So that 's great . 
B:  Um  And also if she 's willing to take on the job of organizing all those subjects and stuff that would be wonderful . 
B:  And , uh she 's  actually she 's going to graduate school in a kind of an experimental paradigm , 
B:  so I think this is all just fine in terms of h her learning things she 's gonna need to know uh , to do her career . 
B:  So , I  my guess is she 'll be r r quite happy to take on that job . 
B:  And , so  
B:  Great . 
B:  Well , as I say there is this s set of people next door , it 's not hard to 
B:  uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We could talk to the people who run it and um see if they have a way that they could easily uh tell people that there 's a task , pays ten bucks or something , 
B:  but um you have to be comfortable reading relatively complicated stuff . 
B:  And  and there 'll probably be self - selection to some extent . 
B:  Uh , so that 's good . 
B:  Um . Now ,  I signed us up for the Wednesday slot , and part of what we should do is this . 
B:  So , 
B:  my idea on that was  uh , partly we 'll talk about system stuff for the computer scientists , 
B:  but partly I did want it to get the linguists involved in some of this issue about what the task is and all  um you know , what the dialogue is , and what 's going on linguistically , 
B:  because to the extent that we can get them contributing , 
B:  that will be good . 
B:  So this issue about you know re - formulating things , 
B:  maybe we can get some of the linguists sufficiently interested that they 'll help us with it , 
B:  uh , other linguists , if you 're a linguist , 
B:  but in any case , 
B:  um , the linguistics students and stuff . 
B:  So my idea on  on Wednesday is partly to uh  
B:  you  I mean , what you did today would  i is just fine . 
B:  You just uh do " this is what we did , and here 's the  thing , and here 's s some of the dialogue and  and so forth . " 
B:  But then , the other thing of course is we should um give the computer scientists some idea of  of what 's going on with the system design , 
B:  and where we think the belief - nets fit in 
B:  and where the pieces are and stuff like that . 
B:  Is  is this  make sense to everybody ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , I don't  I don't think it 's worth a lot of work , particularly on your part , to  to  to make a big presentation . 
B:  I don't think you should  
B:  you don't have to make any new  uh PowerPoint or anything . 
B:  I think we got plenty of stuff to talk about . 
B:  And , then um just see how a discussion goes . 
B:  Great . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So , let 's  let 's  
B:  Yeah , I don't understand it . 
B:  Let 's go  
B:  Slide all the way up so we see what the p the p very bottom looks like , 
B:  or is that it ? 
B:  OK , great . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  So  
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right , 
B:  yep . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right , OK . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Ch - ch - ch - ch . 
B:  Now . 
B:  Alright , so I understand what 's  what you got . 
B:  I don't yet understand  how you would use it . 
B:  So let me see if I can ask 
B:  a s 
B:  Right . 
B:  No , I understand that , 
B:  but  but um 
B:  So , what  
B:  Let 's slide back up again 
B:  and see  
B:  start at the  at the bottom 
B:  and 
B:  Oop - bo - doop - boop - boop . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , you could imagine 
B:  w Uh , go ahead , you were about to go up there and point to something . 
B:  Good , do it ! 
B:  No no , 
B:  go do it . 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  So , so if you  if we made  if we wanted to make it into a  a real uh Bayes - net , 
B:  that is , you know , with fill  
B:  you know , actually f uh , fill it @ @ in , then uh  
B:  Well , I don't  
B:  That 's an issue . 
B:  So , um  
B:  Well , here 's the problem . 
B:  And  and uh  Bhaskara and I was talking about this a little earlier today  
B:  is , if we just do this , we could wind up with a huge uh , combinatoric input to the Mode thing . 
B:  And uh  
B:  Well , i But that 's what we have to do . 
B:  OK , so , so , 
B:  uh . 
B:  There  there are a variety of ways of doing it . 
B:  Uh . Let me just mention something that I don't want to pursue today 
B:  which is there are technical ways of doing it , 
B:  uh I I slipped a paper to Bhaskara and  about Noisy - OR 's and Noisy - MAXes 
B:  and 
B:  there 're ways to uh sort of back off on the purity of your Bayes - net - edness . 
B:  Uh , so . If you co you could ima and I 
B:  now I don't know that any of those actually apply in this case , 
B:  but there is some technology you could try to apply . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And , um 
B:  So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So what I was gonna say is  is maybe a good at this point is to try to informally  
B:  I mean , not necessarily in th in this meeting , but to try to informally think about what the decision variables are . 
B:  So , if you have some bottom line uh decision about which mode , 
B:  you know , what are the most relevant things . 
B:  And the other trick , which is not a technical trick , it 's kind of a knowledge engineering trick , is to make the n  each node sufficiently narrow that you don't get this combinatorics . 
B:  So that if you decided that you could characterize the decision as a trade - off between three factors , whatever they may be , 
B:  OK ? 
B:  then you could say " Aha , let 's have these three factors " , 
B:  OK ? 
B:  and maybe a binary version f for each , or some relatively compact decision node just above the final one . 
B:  And then the question would be if  if those are the things that you care about , uh can you make a relatively compact way of getting from the various inputs to the things you care about . 
B:  So that y so that , you know , you can sort of try to do a knowledge engineering thing 
B:  given that we 're not gonna screw with the technology and just always use uh sort of orthodox Bayes - nets , then we have a knowledge engineering little problem of how do we do that . 
B:  Um 
B:  and 
B:  " Eh - eh - eh . " 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , mmm , something . 
B:  I mean , so uh , Robert has thought about this problem f for a long time , cuz he 's had these examples kicking around , 
B:  so he may have some good intuition about you know , what are the crucial things . 
B:  and , um , I understand where this  the uh  
B:  this is a way of playing with this abs Source - path - goal trajector exp uh uh abstraction and  and sort of sh displaying it in a particular way . 
B:  Uh , I don't think our friends uh on Wednesday are going to be able to  
B:  Well , maybe they will . 
B:  Well , let me think about whether  whether I think we can present this to them or not . 
B:  Um , 
B:  Uh , 
B:  Alright , well , le let me think about this some more , 
B:  and uh see if we can find a way to present this to this linguists group that  that is helpful to them . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Good . 
B:  OK , I 'm sorry . 
B:  You 're  you 're  
B:  It was much too quick for me . 
B:  OK , so let me see if I understand what you 're saying . 
B:  So , I  I do understand that uh you can take the M - three - L and add not  and it w 
B:  and you need to do this , for sure , 
B:  we have to add , you know , not too much about um object types and stuff , 
B:  and what I think you did is add some rules of the style that are already there that say " If it 's of type " Landmark " , then you take  you 're gonna take a picture of it . " 
B:  F full stop , 
B:  I mean , that 's what you do . 
B:  Ev - every landmark you take a picture of , 
B:  you enter  
B:  You approach . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh , and certainly you can add rules like that to the existing SmartKom system . 
B:  And you just did , 
B:  right ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Ah . 
B:  Well . So , s well , and let 's think about this . 
B:  Um , that 's a  that 's another kind of baseline case , 
B:  that 's another sort of thing " OK , here 's a  another kind of minimal uh way of tackling this " . 
B:  Add extra properties , 
B:  a deterministic rule for every property 
B:  you have an action , " pppt ! " 
B:  You do that . 
B:  Um , then the question would be 
B:  Uh Now , if that 's all you 're doing , then you can get the types from the ontology , 
B:  OK ? 
B:  because that 's all  you 're  all you 're using is this type  the types in the ontology and you 're done . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  So we don't  we don't use the discourse , we don't use the context , we don't do any of those things . 
B:  Alright , but that 's  but that 's OK , and I mean it it 's again a kind of one minimal extension of the existing things . 
B:  And that 's something the uh SmartKom people themselves would  
B:  they 'd say " Sure , that 's no problem  
B:  you know , no problem to add types to the ont " 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , " approach " , you called it , I think this time . 
B:  That 's what you said  
B:  Yeah , that 's fine . 
B:  Yeah , but  
B:  Right . 
B:  But it 's not construction there , it 's action . 
B:  Construction is a d is a different story . 
B:  For  for  for  
B:  Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So that  that uh 
B:  i if you had the generalized " Go " X - schema 
B:  and you wanted to specialize it to these three ones , then you would have to supply the parameters . 
B:  And then uh , although we haven't worried about this yet , you might wanna worry about something that would go to the GIS 
B:  and use that to actually get you know , detailed route planning . 
B:  So , you know , where do you do take a picture of it and stuff like that . 
B:  But that 's not  It 's not the immediate problem . 
B:  But , presumably that  that  that functionality 's there when  when we  
B:  Yeah , so the pro The immediate problem is  is back t t to what you were  what you are doing with the belief - net . 
B:  You know , uh what are we going to use to make this decision  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Well , that  that actually is relatively easy in this case . 
B:  The harder problem is we decide what we want to use , how are we gonna get it ? 
B:  And that the  the  that 's the hardest problem . 
B:  So , the hardest problem is how are you going to get this information from some combination of the  what the person says and the context and the ontology . 
B:  The h 
B:  So , I think that 's the hardest problem at the moment is  is 
B:  where are you gonna  
B:  how are you gonna g get this information . 
B:  Um , 
B:  and that 's  so , getting back to here , 
B:  uh , we have a d a technical problem with the belief - nets that we  we don't want all the com 
B:  too many factors if we  if we allow them to just go combinatorially . 
B:  So we wanna think about which ones we really care about 
B:  and what they really most depend on , 
B:  and can we c you know , clean this  this up to the point where it  
B:  Right . 
B:  We might . 
B:  Uh , I mean that  that 's certainly one thing we can do . 
B:  Uh , it 's true that the way you have this , a lot of the times you have  
B:  what you 're having is the values rather than the variable . 
B:  So uh  
B:  OK ? 
B:  So you  
B:  Yeah , 
B:  right , 
B:  and then it would have values , uh , " Tour " , " Business " , or uh " Hurried " . 
B:  But then  but i it still some knowledge design to do , about i how do you wanna break this up , what really matters . 
B:  I mean , it 's fine . 
B:  You know , we have to  it 's  it 's iterative . 
B:  We 're gonna have to work with it some . 
B:  Well , you  you could do that . 
B:  And it 's perfectly OK  to uh insist that  that , you know , th um , they add up to one , 
B:  but that there 's uh  that  that it doesn't have to be one zero zero . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So you could have the conditional p 
B:  So 
B:  the  each of these things is gonna be a  a  a probability . 
B:  So whenever there 's a choice , 
B:  uh  
B:  so like landmark - ness and usefulness , 
B:  OK  
B:  Absolutely right . 
B:  And so that you might want to then have those 
B:  b Th - Then they may have to be separate . 
B:  They may not be able to be values of the same variable . 
B:  So that 's  
B:  but again , this is  this is the sort of knowledge design you have to go through . 
B:  Right . 
B:  It 's  you know , it 's great  is  is , you know , as one step toward uh  toward where we wanna go . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I think that 's  I think that 's exactly right . 
B:  There will be rules , but they aren't rules that come to final decisions , they 're rules that gather information for a decision process . 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  no I think that 's  that 's just fine . 
B:  Uh , yeah . 
B:  So they 'll  they  presumably there 'll be a thread or process or something that 
B:  " Agent " , yeah , " Agent " , whatever you wan wanna say , yeah , 
B:  that uh is rule - driven , and can  can uh  can do things like that . 
B:  And um there 's an issue about whether there will be  that 'll be the same agent and the one that then goes off and uh carries out the decision , 
B:  so it probably will . 
B:  My guess is it 'll be the same basic agent that um can go off and get information , run it through a  a c this belief - net that  
B:  turn a crank in the belief - net , 
B:  that 'll come out with s uh more  another vector , 
B:  OK , 
B:  which can then be uh applied at what we would call the simulation or action end . 
B:  So you now know what you 're gonna do 
B:  and that may actually involve getting more information . 
B:  So on once you pull that out , it could be that that says " Ah ! 
B:  Now that we know that we gonna go ask the ontology something else . " 
B:  OK ? 
B:  Now that we know that it 's a bus trip , 
B:  OK ? 
B:  we didn't  We didn't need to know beforehand , uh how long the bus trip takes or whatever , but  but now that we know that 's the way it 's coming out then we gotta go find out more . 
B:  So I think that 's OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  Uh . 
B:  I confess , I 'm still not completely comfortable with the overall story . 
B:  Um . 
B:  I 
B:  i This  this is not a complaint , this is a promise to do more work . 
B:  So I 'm gonna hafta think about it some more . 
B:  Um . In particular  
B:  see what we 'd like to do , and  and this has been implicit in the discussion , is to do this in such a way that you get a lot of re - use . 
B:  So . What you 're trying to get out of this deep co cognitive linguistics is the fact that w if you know about source  source , paths and goals , and nnn  all this sort of stuff , that a lot of this is the same , for different tasks . 
B:  And that  uh there 's  there 's some  some important generalities that you 're getting , 
B:  so that you don't take each and every one of these tasks and hafta re - do it . 
B:  And I don't yet see how that goes . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  u u What are the primitives , and how do you break this  
B:  So I y I 'm just  just there saying eee  well you  I know how to do any individual case , 
B:  right ? 
B:  but I don't yet  
B:  see what 's the really interesting question is can you use uh deep uh cognitive linguistics to  get powerful generalizations . 
B:  And 
B:  um 
B:  Could . Uh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , I  I don't like the term either , so I have n i 
B:  uh 
B:  i i y w i i 
B:  It uh  
B:  Could be . 
B:  I 'm not a  I 'm not op particularly opposed to adding that or any other task , 
B:  I mean , eventually we 're gonna want a whole range of them . 
B:  Uh , 
B:  I 'm just saying that I 'm gonna hafta do some sort of first principles thinking about this . 
B:  I just at the moment don't know . 
B:  H 
B:  No . 
B:  Well , no the Bayes  the Bayes - nets  
B:  The Bayes - nets will be dec specific for each decision . 
B:  But what I 'd like to be able to do is to have the way that you extract properties , that will go into different Bayes - nets , be the  uh general . 
B:  So that if you have sources , you have trajectors and stuff like that , 
B:  and there 's a language for talking about trajectors , 
B:  you shouldn't have to do that differently 
B:  for uh uh going to something , than for circling it , 
B:  for uh telling someone else how to go there , 
B:  whatever it is . 
B:  So that  that , the  the decision processes are gonna be different 
B:  What you 'd really like of course is the same thing you 'd always like which is that you have um a kind of intermediate representation which looks the same o over a bunch of inputs and a bunch of outputs . 
B:  So all sorts of different tasks  and all sorts of different ways of expressing them use a lot of the same mechanism for pulling out what are the fundamental things going on . 
B:  And that 's  that would be the really pretty result . 
B:  And pushing it one step further , when you get to construction grammar and stuff , what you 'd like to be able to do is say you have this parser which is much fancier than the parser that comes with uh SmartKom , 
B:  i that  that actually uses constructions and is able to tell from this construction that there 's uh something about the intent  
B:  you know , the actual what people wanna do or what they 're referring to and stuff , 
B:  in independent of whether it  about  what is this or where is it or something , that you could tell from the construction , you could pull out deep semantic information which you 're gonna use in a general way . 
B:  So that 's the  
B:  You might . 
B:  You might . 
B:  You might be able to  to uh 
B:  say that this i this is the kind of construction in which the  
B:  there 's  Let 's say there 's a uh cont 
B:  there  the  the land the construction implies the there 's a con this thing is being viewed as a container . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So just from this local construction you know that you 're gonna hafta treat it as a container you might as well go off and get that information . 
B:  And that may effect the way you process everything else . 
B:  So if you say " how do I get into the castle " 
B:  OK , 
B:  then um  
B:  Or , you know , " what is there in the castle " or  
B:  so there 's all sorts of things you might ask that involve the castle as a container 
B:  and you 'd like to have this orthogonal so that anytime the castle 's referred to as a container , you crank up the appropriate stuff . 
B:  Independent of what the goal is , and independent of what the surrounding language is . 
B:  Alright , so that 's  that 's the  that 's the thesis level 
B:  uh  
B:  Well , you have prepositional phrases that  
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  So , are we gonna be meeting here from now on ? 
B:  I 'm  I 'm happy to do that . 
B:  We  we had talked about it , cuz you have th th the display and everything , that seems fine . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Oh yeah . 
B:  No I  I think it 's worth it to ass to meet here to bring this , and assume that something may come up that we wanna look at . 
B:  I mean . Why not . 
B:  She was good . 
B:  Litonya was good . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah , and  and  and  yeah and  and she took it seriously and stuff 
B:  l No , it was great . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Click ? 
B:  Alright . 
