F:  Yep . Yep . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  Yeah . I think so , too . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  It could  Do you have to put it in your ear ? 
F:  I Does it really need to go in her ear ? 
F:  That  that bud ? 
F:  It doesn't have to go in her ear . 
F:  Right ? 
F:  Oh , wow . 
F:  But Tcl is wonderful . 
F:  There you go . 
F:  Oh . 
F:  Yeah .  <laugh> Yeah . I like it . 
F:  It 's great . 
F:  I think , maybe talk to him first in person ? 
F:  That 's what I would  think . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Oh , is that right ? 
F:  Oh . I saw him  I saw him on Tuesday . 
F:  Oh , OK . 
F:  Well , did you ask Lila ? 
F:  Cuz I bet she has this information . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  And it  
F:  M 
F:  And , uh , then there 's still m um  
F:  Miguel is still an active member of the group and he 's  
F:  What I mean is , he 's an active member and he 's still here . 
F:  Very helpful . 
F:  Most of them , though , really were visitors here and Lila should have contacts with them . 
F:  Nice meetings , by the way . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well , not the ones that  
F:  Are you su ? Are you sure ? 
F:  Yeah . NSA - one and NSA - three ? 
F:  We 're talking about those ? 
F:  Oh , oh . I see . OK . Fine . 
F:  But I knew everybody in the NSA meetings . 
F:  So th I 'm sure that we have , uh , fresh , you know , information on them . 
F:  Good . OK . 
F:  I bet I know who that was . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well , you know , uh , I  All I need to do is mail , um  send them m a mail like two days in advance so they can schedule their time . 
F:  I did that with the last outage . I j I wrote to them letting them know that this w 
F:  was not , um 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  This is on Popcorn ? Or  ? 
F:  This is on Popcorn or something ? 
F:  Yeah ? OK . 
F:  That 's very good . 
F:  What was the question ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  Ooo . 
F:  I don't like that term . 
F:  I don't like that term . 
F:  I don't like that term . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Hmm . Interesting . 
F:  Wow . 
F:  That 's interesting . 
F:  Did it get rid of other stuff , too , though ? 
F:  Did it get rid of other stuff besides the speech ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  Wow . Interesting . 
F:  Wow . 
F:  Wow . Interesting . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  I wanna ask , um  So , you know that the data  I ' v I have upgraded it considerably . 
F:  So I 've probably made  I probably corrected something like , 
F:  well , s 
F:  It 's really a substantial amount of things that I 've caught , changed  um , added to it . 
F:  Including a lot of , uh , backchannels . 
F:  So , when you 're d running things , if you run it on the old  
F:  So . If you  if you  run it on the new version , then the numbers will be  um , and you compare it to the  to runs on the old version , then you 're gonna end up with more of an improvement than would actually be the case . 
F:  As of February ? 
F:  So a l Like the HLT paper ? 
F:  OK . Well , so long as you have the same baseline , then  you 'll be able to tell . 
F:  So long as i so long as it 's the same baseline you 'll be able to tell . 
F:  But  but I 'm just gonn I 'm just saying that if you were to compare that with running that on the new data , that it would be an  a more optimistic outcome . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Mmm . I did . 
F:  That sounds great . 
F:  Yeah . I mean , t y I was thinking , th the other day , that this <inbreath> is not just conversational speech . 
F:  The fact that is has so much technological jargon in it . I it makes it  u considerably harder to , um  me e e e to transcribe and to  to double check and all those things . 
F:  So , <inbreath> I think you 're gonna find a substantial gain in terms of the word ac accuracy . 
F:  So long as those words are in your vocabulary . 
F:  Well , all of them are . All of our  all of our meetings have a lot of jargon in them . But we know what those words are . 
F:  I mean , I don't know how you get them into the vocabulary , 
F:  but it would seem @ @  
F:  Now , I have to  I have to <laugh>  I really need to , uh , raise a question about the term " cheating " . 
F:  OK ? 
F:  And the reason is , um , if I understand that , " cheating " is a term which is used to apply for basically what all of linguistics  corpus linguistics does , and what  what my transcribers are doing and what I do , <laugh> which is a methodology whereby you actually physically mark things in the data . 
F:  Like the transcription , 
F:  like the words that are actually there . 
F:  OK . I mean , that  that part is OK . 
F:  But I  but I do wonder sometimes if it might be possible to use <inbreath> a term that 's a little bit less evaluative , like , um , " hand - marked " . 
F:  OK . I guess what I 'm  I 'm thinking , is just in  if  uh , when these are presented in an inte interdisciplinary context , it might be nice to add that explanation ? 
F:  Cuz otherwise it sounds like a pejorative statement on an alternative methodology ? 
F:  Cuz it sounds like  it sort of devalues the  the , um , all  other approach , which is to  to put those distinctions in . 
F:  They can do experiments . 
F:  Yeah , it just seems like , you know , i if it were " bootstrapping " , or if it were  I mean , there are other ways to maybe get the point across . 
F:  Hu - Well . OK . 
F:  OK . 
F:  OK . Alright . 
F:  Well , I  I think  
F:  OK . 
F:  OK . OK . 
F:  Does seem to me that it  that it carries over some baggage with it . That , uh , <inbreath> i that  
F:  I can understand it in context as you described it . 
F:  But , it  it seems to me that  u um , it does import some negative evaluation , that , um , would maybe not be good if  
F:  It has shock value , 
F:  and 
F:  to the wr to the wrong audience , I think that that might be t <laugh> a negative shock . 
F:  Yeah . We started with hand - marked data , or with , uh , t you know , hand - transcribed data , 
F:  or  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Did you break the microphone ? 
F:  Nnn . OK . 
F:  OK . Well , I feel better now . 
F:  Thank you very much . 
F:  The trouble is , that  
F:  you know , I understand it in that context , 
F:  but it  but it is almost resentful . 
F:  It 's almost like , you know , resentful of the data , resentful of the , um , the hard work that 's going into preparing the data 
F:  is  
F:  OK . 
F:  OK . OK . 
F:  Mmm . 
F:  Oh , interesting . 
F:  I didn't know that . 
F:  Huh ! 
F:  Uh - huh ! 
F:  OK . 
F:  Oh , sure . Terminology is always context dependent . 
F:  No question about it . 
F:  It 's just  that it seems like  the  the point without the negative evaluation would be  
F:  However , you know , if i I understand your point . That it  th it has a long tradition in this field  
F:  I didn't realize . 
F:  And is used  
F:  This is interesting what  what Adam said about it being used also for a bunch of other , uh , dimensions . 
F:  Oh . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Huh ! 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well . <laugh> The term itself is . 
F:  You know ? 
F:  But  but it  And it 's pejorative with respect to a certain purpose . 
F:  I understand . 
F:  I  I wanted to raise the issue . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Anyway . 
F:  OK . That 's interesting . OK . 
F:  Well , I wanted to raise the issue , 
F:  and um , 
F:  I  I , uh   I appreciate the discussion . 
F:  I wanted to ask one other question which is a different  matter , 
F:  which is with respect to , um , this thing that you 've been r working on for the recording monitoring script ? 
F:  So . The idea  You had this script that you 're working on , to be sure that the microphone values are in  are kept in  ? 
F:  OK . <inbreath> OK . 
F:  Cuz , y you know  
F:  Well , I was just wondering if  i i 
F:  Because I  I am finding that , um , in double checking , I 've run across , u um , one data set where the microphone was off early on , 
F:  and then two other  speakers  their microphones went off later . 
F:  And this is out of , like , seven speakers . 
F:  So out of seven speakers , four microphones  Y you know , basically , three  three microphones bak basically flaked , 
F:  which makes it hard for the data to be  used for all possible purposes . 
F:  That 's what I think . 
F:  I think the two that flaked late , I think it was the battery . 
F:  But , you know , if the script could , um , you know , alert the recording person to that  
F:  I mean , I don't know if there 's a way to replace a battery , if it happens in the middle of a meeting . 
F:  Maybe that 's hopeless anyway . 
F:  But  
F:  Oh , I see . 
F:  OK . Then I guess that raises the question of , <inbreath> uh , whether we should screen the data before they get transcribed . 
F:  Because , although I think that the data are still useful in terms of providing content , 
F:  and  and that , I know that having three out of seven microphones out of commission during some part of the meeting restricts the , uh , usefulness of the data  for other purposes . 
F:  And maybe you don't wanna have it  
F:  I actually think that Thilo 's  n in a  in a  k a  You know , when you do the pre - segmenter and you  and you run across troubles  He  he runs across s some of these that are  
F:  So , we have some part of that . 
F:  I c 
F:  Well , there the  And the other aspect of it is , um , that , when the microphone is not well - adjusted , then y i i even if it 's not a lapel mike , you can get lapel mike type behavior . 
F:  Cuz I 'm  I 'm expecting , for example , with this , that you 're gonna end up , <inbreath> you know , picking up other peoples ' signals . 
F:  Yeah . I mean , it 's just  you know , the microphone is intended for certain adjustments . 
F:  The only argument for doing so would be with reference to the content . Content maps . 
F:  Uh  but mayb maybe then it should be done in the old original way , 
F:  w instead of channelizing and having the , uh , uh , you know , elaborate coding of the backchannels . 
F:  And actually , an  an alternative to even doing that level of transcription would be to have a transcriber listen and  and m you know , maybe just  
F:  Oh , I don't know if a transcr uh  
F:  Well , someone who 's associated with the meeting could have , like , a summary of points handled in the meeting . 
F:  You know , maybe if we could pay one person who knows that subject matter to do an outline of the meeting 's content . 
F:  Instead of losing the content altogether . 
F:  I guess the troub trouble in my mind is that it  that it 's not a very neat corpus 
F:  if you say " these data are available , 
F:  but these are imperfect , 
F:  because of the f you know , the batteries flaked . " 
F:  And we have so many . 
F:  We have such a backlog . I mean , to be able to get through the backlog of the  of the good meetings , it would be nice to not have energies diverted . 
F:  That 's fine . 
F:  Oh , good question . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yep . Yep . 
