B:  Or  ? 
B:  I think that 's correct . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So do you have to pad that out ? Uh , so that it looks like it 's an eight kilohertz sampled thing ? 
B:  Or  ? 
B:  Mmm . 
B:  Seems like you should be able to spawn that off into a background process , 
B:  because <breath> not everything is displayed in that tree at once . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Right . 
B:  Seems like you wanna ass 
B:  Did you actually look through your  transcripts ? 
B:  Or  you just approved them all . 
B:  I just approved all mine . 
B:  I didn't look at them . 
B:  That 's a compliment to you . 
B:  He said it 's hard to find things you say wrong . 
B:  Find everything that should be bleeped . 
B:  I haven't done anything . 
B:  I was  
B:  I was away for a couple of days . 
B:  So . 
B:  I haven't done a  
B:  What does the two - second threshold mean ? 
B:  Ah . 
B:  I wouldn't think that the language model would continue across two seconds . 
B:  Wel - He had a problem . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  H he did , and then it didn't work , 
B:  and 
B:  I didn't hear anything after that . 
B:  Yeah . He  he didn't say  he hasn't said anything to me about it . 
B:  Yeah . I think  
B:  Yeah . He  
B:  They 're stored on Popcorn . 
B:  Uh  
B:  Um , I 'm rebuilding the net that we 're gonna use for the tandem stuff . 
B:  And so what I 'm doing is , <inbreath> um , putting in the stream reader into the Quicknet libraries for the SRI feature files . 
B:  An - Which is the right way to do it . 
B:  I mean , when we did our first experiments and I was , <breath> uh , creating SRI feature files from the ICSI front - end , I just had perl scripts , you know , and <breath> hacked a bunch of stuff together 
B:  just to get it going . 
B:  But the r the right way to do it is to integrate it in with the ICSI tools . 
B:  And so , 
B:  that 's what I 'm doing now . 
B:  And so once I get that done , then I 'll generate the P - files I need . 
B:  Cuz we already have the feature files in the SRI format . 
B:  So what I need to do is , make it so that the  the Quicknet stuff can read those . 
B:  And , uh  
B:  It 's both . 
B:  There 's a  there 's an input stream and an output stream . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , then it 's t uh , tandem experiments after that ? 
B:  We don't have too many . We just have that  just have a few Linux machin 
B:  Whatever the language model says . 
B:  D Do you think the battery ran out ? 
B:  Or  ? 
