H:  You have to plug your ears or just prepare not to laugh . 
H:  Yeah .  <mike noise, adjustment in progress> Tried that , and it died . 
H:  Great ! 
H:  I  I got the wavefile 
H:  but  
H:  Sorry . I got the wavefile , 
H:  but I couldn't get the words yet . 
H:  But the  the wavefile part looks  looks good . 
H:  I  I 'll have done  I 'm probably doing something wrong . 
H:  Sorry this microphone 's moving around . 
H:  I can't put this over my ear . 
H:  I can  I can do that 
H:  but there 's no orientation where the  
H:  Darn ! 
H:  Hmm . 
H:  Right . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Right . 
H:  Right . I guess for the demo you can always play  just store the pieces that you 're gonna display and play those as separate files , if we can't , you know , actually do it . 
H:  But it 's  you know , it  it 's  
H:  Yeah . 
H:  And just make it l 
H:  Right . 
H:  Right . 
H:  So , what happened to  Is it st possible at all to display the words in their aligned locations ? 
H:  OK . So . Sorry , 
H:  I missed  
H:  OK . Great ! 
H:  But it  
H:  OK . 
H:  I couldn't get the words and the waveform at the same time for some reason , 
H:  and there must be some  
H:  I 'll  I 'll work on it with Don and see what I 'm doing wrong . 
H:  OK . Great ! Well , thanks a lot . 
H:  That 's really great . 
H:  So do you think it 's  reasonable to display more than one  before the demo ? 
H:  Cuz  
H:  Huh . 
H:  Right . 
H:  OK . Let me know . 
H:  I just did it . 
H:  But it is  
H:  I did wanna say that , um  
H:  No ! 
H:  No ! No ! 
H:  I just figured you p 
H:  Oh , my gosh . 
H:  OK . 
H:  Terrific . 
H:  Well , since you didn't answer the emai 
H:  So there was a q question I had asked Adam whether it 's possible to search only for your own name  your own utterances , 
H:  so that you know you don't have to go through the whole meeting , 
H:  and  <inbreath> Um , 
H:  and I didn't hear back . 
H:  So I thought " OK . It 's probably too hard . 
H:  He 's overloaded . 
H:  I won't say anything . 
H:  I 'll just do it " . 
H:  Great . 
H:  OK . So , anyway I looked at everybody else 's stu 
H:  Good . 
H:  So th 
H:  That 's great . 
H:  That 's great . 
H:  Uh  Well 
H:  I sort of spot - checked . 
H:  I was trying to remember  
H:  I couldn't find the  the keywords for things <laugh> that I thought I had said wrong . 
H:  So . 
H:  That makes it g 
H:  It 's hard to find anything that you say in these . 
H:  Great . 
H:  Well , thanks for the filter . 
H:  Uh , it 's really useful , tha 
H:  Cuz if you 're only at part of a meeting , or something 
H:  Yeah ! 
H:  That 's actually  Well , it 's useful . 
H:  But this helps a lot . 
H:  Great . Thanks . 
H:  Right . 
H:  We 
H:  Yeah . You can search for " beep " or " bleep " . 
H:  In somebody else 's turn . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  We 're sort of in a stage where we 're  uh , Don 's going through getting some of the next meetings that Jane s has . 
H:  And , uh , you know , creating a second database . 
H:  So we haven't actually run anything yet . 
H:  We need to get a critical mass for that . 
H:  And check the segmentations . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Great . 
H:  A  What do you mean , a different pause threshold ? 
H:  Do you mean a  ? 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  No , it 's not bad . 
H:  That 's good . 
H:  i ye Yeah . th u 
H:  I th I think that 's g that 's good . 
H:  It 's  it 's no more than six words . So  Roughly . On average . 
H:  That 's pretty good , I think . 
H:  It 's better than a  
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Well , yeah . Y you do , becau 
H:  Yeah . I think it 's better . 
H:  The longer is better . 
H:  There 's  there 's  th 
H:  There 's a l there 's a lot of these cases just like now , where I c people say " uh  uh " when they 're trying to ta 
H:  and there 's about a half - second pause to a second in between and then another word , 
H:  and it 's much better if we can keep those together , I think . 
H:  You know , you just fake the format that you take as input with the synch times to a new set of synch times , 
H:  and  
H:  Oh . 
H:  And I have  I have like another un - backed  I ha have another six gig , which Jeremy , if you 're not using , can  on XA . 
H:  To you . 
H:  How about during the picnic ? 
H:  Sorry .  <laugh> Beep . 
H:  You 're really dedicated , if you 're  No matter how you parse that one . 
H:  So that means we can't , um , save meeting data either . 
H:  Right ? 
H:  So it just can't  so we can't have two meetings in a row where the first meeting 's during that hour . 
H:  That 's all I meant . 
H:  That  that 's happening , like , today . 
H:  Temporarily . 
H:  Well , no . I mea I mean , the fir 
H:  Oh , jus OK . 
H:  n Run all our jobs on your machines . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Ye - It 's also an interesting problem to come up with the reference . 
H:  So , the reference file for the relative times at which  
H:  So  
H:  Well , i it 's an interesting question , because I was thinking " well you can force align the transcriber transcripts , and then of course , you try to merge them in time . 
H:  But how do you score ? " 
H:  I mean it 's just an interesting problem . 
H:  Right . I mean , there 's a whole sort of dis 
H:  Right . We  Right . 
H:  But there 's a whole interesting discussion , 
H:  cuz of course the alignments are not perfect either , 
H:  and so  um . In fact , we actually don't have a  a p 
H:  I mean , it it 's worth trying . 
H:  I  
H:  Right . Right . 
H:  Oh , I see . You mean when only one person is  talki 
H:  Yes . We could  we could try tha 
H:  Right . 
H:  Right . Exactly . 
H:  Yeah . We  we should try  
H:  Do you assume you know the speaker when you do this ? 
H:  Well , th r Well , there , there 's only one person who it can be , 
H:  because they own that microphone . 
H:  I 'm just wondering  There 's  
H:  No - It 's not a pro 
H:  Right . And  
H:  R right . But in terms of  for norm 

H:  for adaptation . Right . 
H:  You know , do you do a supervised adaptation  ? 
H:  Ye - All of these adaptations ha 
H:  assume that the same person  
H:  Yeah . 
H:  N Well . I was just aski 
H:  Actually , the s Those are two  
H:  So , wait , the simplest thing is you cheat , saying  
H:  Oh , you m y totally unadapted . 
H:  Uh . Right . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  i i 
H:  No . You can  
H:  You can use a speaker  eh  
H:  What about gender detection ? 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . So . You can r 
H:  No . You can run both . 
H:  And you can s 
H:  The other thing is that you actually have direction here . 
H:  So , unlike these corpora that are recorded with other microphones , like  The right way to do this I guess , w you know , in the future would be , well , in general , Thilo 's sitting there , and this PZM is gonna  You know , he 's roughly  in that location . 
H:  Well , any case where the people are not all sitting at the same place and they 're not moving around too much . 
H:  W well , you have distance , and you have  
H:  I mean , that , um , Jane 's  i n The pickup of Adam on this mike is gonna be different than me , in terms of energy and so forth over the whole meeting . 
H:  You might get some clustering from the speaker and some of it from the characteristics of the distance , 
H:  and  
H:  Right . Exactly . 
H:  They 're both picked up in the clustering , I guess . 
H:  Or to just do the clustering , knowing that you 're capturing both . 
H:  It 's just that the kind of clustering we 've done before hasn't had that , uh , distance factor , or location factor in it in the same way . 
H:  And so we 're not really modeling it directly . 
H:  If somebody does , we sh maybe we add that 
H:  because I think it would be a pretty big difference . 
H:  When you listen , you can sort of tell where people are , 
H:  not which s you know , side , 
H:  but  
H:  Right . Even with one microphone . 
H:  Right . So our  our clustering is not gonna be intelligent that way . 
H:  It 's just gonna pick up whatever energy difference , or whatever , is  
H:  OK . 

H:  Yeah . 
H:  Mm - hmm . 
H:  Mm - hmm . 
H:  F Sorry . 
H:  For these meetings ? 
H:  Right . They 're somewhere in between January and late March , or something like that ? 
H:  N 
H:  N 
H:  They 're meetings that are now channelized , but they were not from  
H:  Yeah . We haven't a modified the recognizer at all . 
H:  So , actually , um , at some point we should update and rescore everything with , you know , the corrected transcripts , 
H:  just to h 
H:  Sometimes the changes are , um , cases where the recognizer would get it wrong anyway , 
H:  cuz it was some word that we didn't have in the vocabulary , 
H:  or  
H:  But it does help to get the backchannels back in , and things like that . 
H:  Would that  ? Doesn't that only change the scoring if a word has moved into a different segment ? 
H:  I mean , I don't think that 's  har I hardly ever see that . 
H:  I think most of them are pretty good . 
H:  Oh , you mean you would need to re - run the recognition . 
H:  I mean , if you re - ran the recognition , then you just run it  
H:  Oh , I see . 
H:  If you wanna use the old  
H:  You can actually never , though , really infer what you would get with a different  
H:  You know ? It 's  it 's probably more fair to re - run the whole th re - run that . 
H:  Uh , in other words , it 's not really a scoring script problem . 
H:  It 's  
H:  Y Yeah . Yeah . 
H:  You  It 'll sort of work , but it 's not exactly what you would maybe get from recognition . 
H:  You never know . 
H:  Well , you c You  you s 
H:  You can  
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Mm - hmm . 
H:  Well , it definitely helps with , um , forced alignment , too , 
H:  because , you know , whe when we know the  the  the true words and we 're adding them to the vocabulary and training a language model and so forth for future meetings , especially the  like , the front - end meetings or meetings with a lot of  jargon in them , that is not represented in Switchboard or CallHome , then it  then it really helps . 
H:  So 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  It  I guess it  It 's been around for a long time , 
H:  and it  it 's sort of , um  Because it 's so strong a word , people don't take it that seriously , 
H:  in  It 's not negatively viewed . 
H:  It just really means  
H:  Actually , Jane is right . 
H:  Like , in conversation analysis , I 've never heard people use this , 
H:  because they 're not using an automatic system . 
H:  So , it really  
H:  Right . I 'm j Well , 
H:  you can do experiments , 
H:  but the  it 's cheating relative to what we call a system where we can completely control this black box . 
H:  And it 's not a very smart system . 
H:  It  it only knows what we give it . 
H:  And if w If it knows more than we would really give it when it runs , we call it cheating . 
H:  But it 's  
H:  Yeah , it 's f only used in a community that does some type of computational modeling , 
H:  I think . It 's really not used in any kind of community doing experiments on human perception , 
H:  or  
H:  You know . So  she certainly can define it . 
H:  Yeah . I thi I think to the wrong audience , I agree that , um , p 
H:  to the wrong audie we should just explain what it  what it means here , and that it 's a common term , 
H:  and 
H:  we 're  
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Hmm . The first time I heard that , I  I thought , you know , the same thing 
H:  and I guess you ju after a while it becomes almost a  It 's a bu bit of a  a humbling thing when somebody says that . 
H:  If they get good results but we were cheating on this feature because we took it for granted even though we  can't really assume that , then it 's actually the opposite . 
H:  It 's  
H:  Well , it 's  it 's  
H:  Actually , I think of cheating as  a way to do some work , where you can't address all of the computational tasks . 
H:  Like , if we wanna study , um , speaker habits , but we can't do speaker detection . 
H:  But we wanna assume  Let 's say , we know this is Jane and we know this is Chuck , 
H:  even though automatically to look at the habits , we would need to also first figure that out . 
H:  But we can sort of cheat on that factor 
H:  because it 's somebody else 's research . 
H:  And then we just  
H:  So it 's  Then we wanna make a proof of concept for  
H:  If someone else  
H:  Right . Eh  or  w But we really can't work on that problem . 
H:  We don't have time , 
H:  we 're not interested , or w whatever  
H:  And so you  you assume it 's given 
H:  because it 's , um  you wanna go forward with your research , and assume that you have that information . 
H:  So , 
H:  I guess if  I don't ever think of it as negative . More like , it 's something we 're not building . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  I  I think that 's a really good idea . 
H:  Because for all kinds of studies , we don't really enjoy meetings where some of the  where the signal 's going off at times . 
H:  It just makes it hard to study any kind of parameters . 
H:  So , 
H:  if there 's a way to check the signal quality before transcribing it and you find any problem at all , it 'd be much better to go to another meeting , I think . 
H:  I 've already written some notes here , 
H:  so I  
H:  Um , right . Uh  
H:  OK . 
H:  But it 's my ear . 
H:  I 'm sure it 's something wrong with my head , 
H:  but  
H:  Um , actually , is there a way , though , to use whatever you 're using for background noise to check post hoc that a microphone was constantly on ? 
H:  I mean  
H:  Uh , like this o 
H:  But then how are y how are you detecting during a meeting ? 
H:  But is it better than nothing ? 
H:  Cuz it would really be  
H:  Right . 
H:  But you could  
H:  So , you could run that post hoc on a already recorded meeting , in the sense that , you know , not everyone  as you just said , you won't be there . 
H:  And then if we find any problems , have the transcribers listen and  
H:  I really think it 's better not to transcribe a meeting that 's gonna have problems once you 've spent all this effort . 
H:  Yeah . Yeah . 
H:  Mm - hmm . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  I 'd mu We 're  I 'd much rather have , you know , meetings that have all the channels , 
H:  even if we had to skip a meeting or something , 
H:  just for  all these other purposes . 
H:  So . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Right . But may just  
H:  Right . There  but there 's a shortage of trans transcription power . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  You know what ? 
H:  They can their four o ' clock cancelled , 
H:  and they 're starting at four twenty , 
H:  and I 'll set up at four fifteen . 
H:  Yeah . 
H:  Yeah . So you 'll have si 
H:  You have to plug your ears or just prepare not to laugh . 
