B:  Just control - C , Dan ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  So . 
B:  OK , I 'm on  <outbreath> I 'm talking on mike two . 
B:  So , 
B:  Which channel is that ? 
B:  Mike number two , I 'm talking right now on ? 
B:  Mike number two ? 
B:  Channel one ? 
B:  Is that channel one or channel zero ? 
B:  which is zero - based or one - based ? 
B:  OK , So we 're not going to do that . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Wh - that 's why I wanted to write it down , 
B:  but 
B:  Dan just doesn't want to do that . 
B:  Thank you . 
B:  OK , now , that means  if I 'm going to be standing in there looking ,  then someone else has to write them down . 
B:  because I won 
B:  OK . 
B:  Fine . 
B:  Let 's not try  to do anything too easy . 
B:  Testing . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  They 're  in the folder right there . 
B:  You may . 
B:  So , Jane , can you talk into your mike ? 
B:  You said it 's mike four ? 
B:  Well , hmm , I 'm glad you like it . 

B:  Uh Eric , what mike are you ? 
B:  Mike one  
B:  Looks like it . S 
B:  talk again ? 
B:  Thank you . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Um , can you  do taps on the P D 
B:  and the P Z 
B:  And you have to actually check what the nu 
B:  The - Start with P Z 
B:  Thank you . 
B:  I can't tell . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Thanks . 
B:  F  Thank you . 
B:  OK . 
B:  And PDA , 
B:  left , right ? 
B:  I don't see anything . 
B:  Ah . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  All OK . 
B:  Thank you . 
B:  Did we just record all that ? 
B:  Should we start it over ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  The ones that aren't filled out are the ones you want to hand out . 
B:  I threw the ones out , that we already recorded 
B:  but we didn't record . 
B:  Right . So the first task is to read some digits . 
B:  So I 'll go ahead and start . 
B:  And  This is Adam on mike number two , 
B:  So . If you could just fill out the form , 
B:  and then later on we 'll read it , with pauses between . 
B:  And we 're session two . 
B:  Let her fill it out and go ahead and read . 
B:  So you wanna pause  briefly between each one 
B:  so that the person transcribing can tell  where one ends and one begins . 
B:  So , a short sentence between each line . 
B:  Well ,  you can intone it however you want . 
B:  Imagine that you 're <inbreath> reading a number  phone number to someone . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  OK . Good . 
B:  Thanks . 
B:  So we 'll probably do another one at the end  of the meeting . 
B:  just to get some more digits . 
B:  And , uh 
B:  Thank you . 
B:  What - what 's your mike number , Jane ? 
B:  Dan doesn't remember what sex he is . 
B:  That 's true , it 's  it 's really difficult . 
B:  Well , don't you  
B:  I  I wrote a scanner program that scans these forms in . 
B:  Anyway . So , why did I call you all here ? 
B:  Um , what I 'd like to talk about is , um the transcription . 
B:  So , as part of this um project , we need to transcribe these meetings . 
B:  um , to do training and test and so on . 
B:  and , uh , so we need word transcripts and , uh , speaker change identification . 
B:  So , speaker ID . 
B:  And , uh so I 'd sort of like to know  who 's going to do that , 
B:  hi Jane , 
B:  and uh  what tools to use , 
B:  what other resources you might need , 
B:  and also what we  
B:  things like just the data format and how we 're going to do it . 
B:  Oh really ? 
B:  Cuz Morgan said he asked you . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  And so , one of the first questions is , " do you need help ? " 
B:  That 's not the first question . 
B:  Ah <laugh> right . 
B:  Uh , that 's  
B:  I  I was saying before we don't really have to worry about people being surprised by it . 
B:  Play . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Oh , I actually have some foot pedals for the P C . 
B:  Uh , keyboard . 
B:  and they generate keystrokes . 
B:  Um There 's a little program that downloads into it . 
B:  Um . 
B:  But the program probably only runs in Windows , 
B:  although I bet we could program it once 
B:  And  and then put it on another machine and it would work . 
B:  I haven't used them . 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  I don't think it does . 
B:  I 'm not using them anymore . 
B:  I used to use them . 
B:  So they 're currently set up for Shift , Control , and Alt . 
B:  But I r I don't use them . 
B:  They 're not even plugged in . 
B:  And so tha uh if that would help , uh I 'm certainly willing to donate them . 
B:  And it  it is a PC connection , 
B:  so it would have to go on a P C somewhere . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah , yeah , you are  generating it . 
B:  Well , that  that was part of the question , 
B:  is that if , for  if we 're doing this regularly  
B:  Imagine we 're doing a couple of hours a week of transcripts 
B:  um , of recording , 
B:  uh , I wouldn't expect you to do it all . 
B:  So the question is do you know of resources that we could use . 
B:  So are there grad students or undergrads or just commercial services ? 
B:  Oh , really ? 
B:  So we only have to give them credits , 
B:  We don't have to give them money ? 
B:  Oh , you do have to pay them . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , we  we need to  We need to find out how much that will cost , so I can pass that on to Morgan , 
B:  cuz right now we have almost no money . 
B:  So  so the cheaper we can do it , the better . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , if  in terms of transcripts , sure , 
B:  but in terms of speaker change it might be nice to get the actual time . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Oh , in terms of data format , what are we going to do about that ? 
B:  I mean , you have the S T M format , where you have you know , every phrase , every utterance is  is a single speaker . 
B:  I mean , is that the right way to do it ? 
B:  Or  
B:  Is that the right way to do it ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . So that means that for each utterance , we 'll need the time marks , 
B:  the start and end of each utterance . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , X Waves have some as well , 
B:  but they 're pretty low level . 
B:  They 're designed for um  for phoneme - level 
B:  Although , they actually have a nice tool for  that could be used for speaker change  marking . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Ha - Have you looked at it already ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  a a is this  
B:  Oh . So , these are p particularly for time alignment ? 
B:  Right .  are they just for time alignment or are they for transcription as well ? 
B:  Th - i It 's wireless . 
B:  I mean it won't  
B:  Sure . 
B:  Yeah , don't talk to yourself too much . 
B:  So , For the digits  For the d 
B:  Right . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , I 'm not sure if we can do automated alignment or not . 
B:  I mean , e especially in e with speaker change in a meeting like this , where we 're overlapping so much , 
B:  I don't think we 're gonna have a  a prayer . 
B:  Oh , that 's true . 
B:  Right . 
B:  We could just do it through these . 
B:  I hadn't even thought about that . 
B:  Sure . 
B:  Um . In terms of data formats , uh what I did for the Digits stuff was just to hand - rolled my own . That looks like this form . 
B:  You know , it 's just uh something that 's easy to parse in Perl . 
B:  Um . Probably for the full one , we 'll want to do something like S T 
B:  I mean , some format that our tools already work with . 
B:  Yeah , presumably . 
B:  Yeah , I guess that 's true . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . " MATE Mark - up Framework " . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  Oh , no ! 
B:  It has the word " X M L " in it ! 
B:  Is that free ? 
B:  But it doesn't have enough pictures . 
B:  So , I think it will require too much reading to understand whether this is anything that we can easily use . 
B:  " TEI " is  ? 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Well , I guess XML makes some amount of sense . 
B:  I 'm not actually familiar with it 
B:  but it seems to be the sort of thing that this would be good for . 
B:  But  
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right , but it 's  I think for the initial task , just getting the word transcripts and speaker change is highest on my list . 
B:  So . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well I think that uh  
B:  It sounds like you 're at least a little familiar with these tools , Jane , 
B:  so Are y Do you feel comfortable just picking one ? 
B:  Um , because  
B:  OK . 
B:  Signed language is interesting . 
B:  Well , so , how should we proceed on picking a tool ? 
B:  Jane , do you want to  pick a few 
B:  and we 'll download them and try them out ? 
B:  Is that the right thing to do ? 
B:  No , we 're not going to do time alignment . 
B:  Right , and so  but , in terms of what the transcriber needs to do , they 're not going to have to do time alignment . 
B:  Except maybe for word speaker change , 
B:  but  
B:  OK , then we 'll have to use it . 
B:  No  no question . 
B:  Boy , the recognition on what you just mumbled is going to be really horrible . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , So , so , it 's called " Transcriber " you said ? 
B:  gacks 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , I think  
B:  Well , I just wrote down the French site 
B:  and I will check it and try to download it 
B:  And uh see what it looks like . 
B:  Yeah , they have a  
B:  I vaguely recall that they have a pages uh tools page somewhere , 
B:  with like lists and lists and lists of uh various and assorted tools . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So , Um , we 'll start with " Transcriber " 
B:  and if it looks like that 's not gonna  do  what we need ,  we 'll  move on to the Mississippi State 
B:  and if it doesn't look like that 's going to work , we 'll look at something else . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Also , I wanted to mention just in passing that uh another thing that we 're going to want to start collecting is queries for the meetings . 
B:  So if over the next couple of days you find yourself wondering what we talked about in the meeting , write down the sort of query you 'd like to make . 
B:  Do you understand what I mean ? 
B:  So , imagine that we had Meeting Recorder all done , and you had one , 
B:  what might you do with it ? 
B:  So , 
B:  if they occur to you . 
B:  Right . 
B:  That 's a good one . 
B:  Send m So , if you could just email me them . 
B:  Yeah , except we didn't record . 
B:  So . 
B:  It 's WWW dot ETCA dot FR . 
B:  s l slash lots of other stuff , yeah . 
B:  So , when is she showing up ? 
B:  April . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right , since we have almost none right now , let 's 
B:  We need to move forward from there . 
B:  But uh , yeah , I guess it 's O K . 
B:  And then , uh there 's also just the general question of  will it handle multiple channels or should we just  
B:  Dan and I spoke about this briefly , 
B:  do we want to try to combine channels somehow to make the transcriber 's job easier ? 
B:  I was listening to some of it 
B:  and uh 
B:  like , if you just listen to the far P Z M the person sitting at this end of the table you can hardly hear at all . 
B:  on  on the transcript , 
B:  so there may be  
B:  it may be worthwhile to at least try a little bit to combine the channels . 
B:  Huh . 
B:  Neat ! 
B:  Oh , so , that would be interesting as well to do that . 
B:  Well , I bet if you used this one  the two s most separated P Z 
B:  Well , maybe , maybe not . 
B:  Big ears . 
B:  Right . 
B:  OK , 
B:  do we have anything else to talk about with transcribes ? 
B:  And we 'll run a  train a neural net 
B:  and create a recognizer 
B:  and do information retrieval 
B:  and  
B:  Well , that 's my interest . 
B:  I mean , other people have different interests , 
B:  so . 
B:  That 's what I want . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Well , what  the  so , the reason we 're doing near field as well is if that doesn't work we wanna back we want some  something that will work . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Why ? 
B:  Y 
B:  The question is , " is it  will it work well enough to do information retrieval ? " 
B:  So , w will the application  the Meeting Recorder application , work ? 
B:  So , Is  Part of the research is um " is fifty percent accuracy enough to do an useful information retrieval ? " 
B:  It might be . 
B:  That 's right , 
B:  Well , but you know we have to try . 
B:  We  we  we could simply not do the project . 
B:  But I think that 's a bad solution . 
B:  Oh , I didn't know that . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  He has  he has the open piece of paper . 
B:  So , open notebook . 
B:  I have one 
B:  but I 've carefully covered it so that it doesn't  
B:  Well , I think to some extent with things like the stress and the other prosodic things 
B:  an and tighter time alignments that we can do 
B:  I think we should probably do those 
B:  but only once we have a consumer of that data 
B:  ' You know , so right now we have a consumer of the word transcripts and the speaker change . 
B:  Me . 
B:  I want those things to work . 
B:  And so I would like to get that done as quickly as possible . 
B:  And so ,  if  if Liz or someone else wants  to do some work on uh prosody and on stress and so on then we can go back to the data and generate the uh the transcripts that we need . 
B:  Even for an undergrad ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Accuracy ? 
B:  Certainty , 
B:  islands of certainty . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Sure . 
B:  All caps . 
B:  Anything else ? 
B:  I 'm gonna go download " Transcriber " 
B:  and Jane and I will look at it 
B:  Oh 
B:  Well I think the answer is we need to record as many as we can . 
B:  Right ? I don't see any reason not to try to record a meeting or two a week . 
B:  Um . 
B:  I mean , more if we can . 
B:  And uh so I wanna  um I wanna start by in the next couple weeks just doing the Speech group 
B:  until we get to the point where we 're fairly comfortable with the hardware and the software and everything works . 
B:  and then I think I 'll  
B:  also uh a Jerry volunteered to have his group do a few . 
B:  So , I 'll uh try to get those as well . 
B:  We have five of the wireless . 
B:  And then we were  going to be getting a bunch of wired ones as well . 
B:  I mean notice that n 
B:  your  you  you stood up and walked around . 
B:  None of the rest of us have . 
B:  And so we could have wired mikes and I wouldn't be a big deal . 
B:  for bigger meetings . 
B:  So . 
B:  It really makes you feel like you 're doing real work 
B:  when you get all this hardware . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Why ? 
B:  I had noticed that you were talking quietly , 
B:  and I was actually going to ask you . 
B:  I was going to ask you to speak up . 
B:  But I didn't want you to feel self - conscious . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  I 've been trying to rotate it through . 
B:  So , Dan will get it next time . 
B:  Do you feel like a television star ? 
B:  That  that makes sense , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Cuz he 's not heavily encumbered with this  
B:  N You should have run it under your sweater , though . 
B:  I think we 're there . 
B:  uh 
B:  He  he  he changed the downsampling . 
B:  OK , so this is Adam , on uh 
B:  mike number two , wireless headset 
B:  OK ? 
B:  Thanks very much . 
B:  Just control - C , Dan ? 
