C:  And  
C:  So are you  
C:  Are we going ? 
C:  Yu 
C:  I think the date 's written in there , yep . 
C:  And actually if everyone could cross out the R - nine next to " Session " , and write MR eleven . 
C:  And let 's remember also to make sure that one 's  gets marked as unread , unused . 
C:  MR eleven . 
C:  There 's lots of clicking I 'm sure as I 'm trying to get this to work  correctly . 
C:  I wanna talk a little bit about getting  how we 're gonna to get people to edit bleeps , parts of the meeting that they don't want to include . 
C:  What I 've done so far , and I wanna get some opinions on , how to  how to finish it up . 
C:  Oh really . 
C:  Clicks . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , I think it 's 
C:  uh , it  it could be a number of things . 
C:  It could be touching and fiddling , 
C:  and the other thing is that it could  
C:  the fact that it 's on a wired mike is suspicious . 
C:  It might be a connector . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Mmm . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Well maybe it would be a good idea for one of us to  like on Wednesday , or Tuesday send out a reminder for people to send in agenda items . 
C:  Sure . 
C:  Let me 
C:  I 'll put that on my spare brain or it will not  get done . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Maybe . 
C:  Weirder things have happened . 
C:  Well then  
C:  Yeah , actually I  I was going to say we need to  talk about that too . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Um , the new microphones , the two new ones are in . 
C:  Um .  And they are being assembled as we speak , I hope . 
C:  And I didn't bring my car today so I 'm gonna pick them up tomorrow . 
C:  Um , and then the other question I was thinking about is  well , a couple things . 
C:  First of all , if the other headsets are a lot more comfortable , we should probably just go ahead and get them . 
C:  So we 'll have to evaluate that when they come in , 
C:  and get people 's opinions on  on what they think of them . 
C:  Um , then the other question I had is maybe we should get another wireless . 
C:  Another wireless setup . 
C:  I mean it 's expensive , but it does seem to be  better than the wired . 
C:  Um , well , I 'm pretty sure that you can daisy - chain them together 
C:  so what we would do is replace the wired mikes with wireless . 
C:  So we currently have one base station with six wireless mike , 
C:  possibility of six wireless receivers , 
C:  and apparently you can chain those together . 
C:  And so we could replace our wired mikes with wireless if we bought another base station and more wireless mikes . 
C:  And  
C:  So , you know it 's still , it 's fifteen minus six . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  So we could have up to nine . 
C:  Right . 
C:  And we have five , we 're getting one more . 
C:  And it 's um , about nine hundred dollars for the base station , 
C:  and then eight hundred per channel . 
C:  Right . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK , so I 'll look into how you daisy - chain them and  and then just go ahead and order them . 
C:  No , we 're just replacing the wired  the two wired that are still working , 
C:  along with a couple of the wired that aren't working , one of the wired that 's not working , with a wireless . 
C:  I  I guess three wireds work , yeah . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Everyone 's battery OK ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Well we should talk to them about it because I know that SRI is also in the process of looking at stuff , 
C:  and so , you know , what we should try to keep everyone  on the same page with that . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  They got sa apparent 
C:  Well , Maybe  this needs to be bleeped out ? 
C:  I have no clue . 
C:  I don't know how much of it 's public . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Uh , no , 
C:  we 're having the  them do it . 
C:  So it 's so hand - soldering it , but I 'm not doing it . 
C:  So , they  they charge 
C:  right . 
C:  You 've never seen my hand - soldering . 
C:  But uh , a as I said they 're coming in . 
C:  I  I mean  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I mean . 
C:  As professionally as I guess you can get it done . 
C:  I mean i it 's just their repair shop . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  Their maintenance people . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  And , I mean we 'll see , tomorrow , you know , what it looks like . 
C:  Right , so , the decision was that Jane did not want the transcribers to be doing any of the paperwork . 
C:  So I did the  all that last week . 
C:  So all the  all the forms are now  on the computer . 
C:  And uh , then I have a bunch of scripts that we 'll read those and let the uh  transcribers use different tools . 
C:  And I just want to talk to Jane about how we transition to using those . 
C:  I  I don't think it 'll take too long . 
C:  So , you know , just uh , a matter of a few days I suspect . 
C:  Right . 
C:  I 've already done five or six  sets . 
C:  So if he wanted to , you know , just have a few to start with , he could . 
C:  You know , and I also have a bunch of scripts that will , like , generate P - files and run recognition on them also . 
C:  Uh , we don't have a active one 
C:  but I 'll make sure he 's on the list . 
C:  I mean , he 's still taking classes , so uh , he may well have conflicts . 
C:  Yeah didn't he say his signal - processing class was like  Tuesdays and Thursdays ? 
C:  Oh well , whatever . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , we have about thirty - two hours 
C:  uh as of , I guess a week and a half ago , 
C:  so we probably now have about thirty - five hours . 
C:  That 's including digits . 
C:  I haven't separated it out so I have no clue how much of that is digits . 
C:  Of  of non - digits ? 
C:  Yeah , absolutely . 
C:  I mean , the digits don't take up that much time . 
C:  Nine two , 
C:  right . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Misspelled . 
C:  Right . 
C:  You don't know what they could be . 
C:  So how are you doing the  
C:  How are you doing the uh , acronyms so if I say PZM what would it appear on the transcript ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So it sounds good . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Have you also been doing spot checks , Jane ? 
C:  Okay , good . 
C:  Oh good . 
C:  Good . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  It was a technical term that she didn't recognize , 
C:  Right . 
C:  Obscure , 
C:  yeah . 
C:  Is this anything different than the HMM system you were using before ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  So there 's still no  no knowledge using different channels at the same time . 
C:  You know what I mean ? 
C:  Across all of them . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Hmm . 
C:  Good . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So the  The idea is that we need to have  
C:  We need to provide the transcripts to every participant of every meeting to give them an opportunity to bleep out sections they don't want . 
C:  So I 've written a bunch of tools that will generate web pages , uh with the transcription in it so that they can click on them and piece  pieces and they can scroll through and read them , 
C:  and then they can check on each one if they want it excluded . 
C:  And then , it 's a form , HTML form , so they can submit it and it will end up sending me email with the times that they want excluded . 
C:  And so , uh , some of the questions on this is what do we do about the privacy issue . 
C:  And so I thought about this a little bit and I think the best way to do it is every participant will have a password , 
C:  a single password . 
C:  Each person will have a single password , user name and password . 
C:  And then each meeting , we 'll only allow the participants who were at that meeting to look at it . 
C:  And that way each person only has to remember one password . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Right , I mean so th th th the fact that you could listen to it over the web is a minor thing that I had already done for  other reasons . 
C:  And so that  that 's a minor part of it , 
C:  I just wanted some web interface so that people  you didn't actually have to send everyone the text . 
C:  So m what my intention to do is that as the transcripts become ready , um  I would take them , and generate the web pages 
C:  and send email to every participant or contact them using the contact method they wanted , 
C:  and just uh , tell them , " here 's the web page " , 
C:  um , " you need a password " . 
C:  So th th question number one is how do we distribute the passwords , 
C:  and question number two is how else do we wanna provide this information if they want it . 
C:  I think that um there are a subset of people who will want printouts that we can certainly provide . 
C:  But certainly I wouldn't want a printout . 
C:  These are big , 
C:  and I would much rather be  ha be able to just sit and leaf through it . 
C:  Well I certainly read books by hand . 
C:  But for something like this , I think it 's easier to do it on the web . 
C:  Cuz you 're gonna get , you know , if I  I 'm  I 'm in a bunch of meetings and I don't wanna get a stack of these . 
C:  I wanna just be able to go to  go to the web site  and visit it as I want . 
C:  Well , I don't think it 's that much harder than , paper . 
C:  So . 
C:  Well , no fre for the most  
C:  For the most frequent case they just say  " it 's OK " 
C:  and then they 're done . 
C:  And I think  almost everyone would rather do that by email than any other method . 
C:  I mean , cuz you don't have to visit the web page if you don't want to . 
C:  Oh that was another thing 
C:  I  I had assumed that we didn't need their signature , that it  that an email approval was sufficient . 
C:  But  I don't actually know . 
C:  Yes . 
C:  If someone feels strongly enough about it , then I  I  I think they should be allowed to do that . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , the only other choice is that the person would say " no , don't distribute this meeting at all " , 
C:  and I would rather they were able to edit out other people then just say " don't distribute it at all " . 
C:  Well , but if  if someone is having a conversation , and you only bleep out one side of it , that 's not sufficient . 
C:  Um , I don't think so . 
C:  I mean , because if I object to the conversation . 
C:  If I say " we were having a conversation , and I consider that conversation private , " and I consider that your side of it is enough for other people to infer , I wanna be able to bleep out your side . 
C:  I mean I can certainly provide a printable version if people want it . 
C:  Um . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Well I think most of the people in the meetings are the former . 
C:  So . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Right . 
C:  And that  
C:  Well , but if they want to print it out that 's alright . 
C:  I think everyone in the meeting can access the web . 
C:  OK , so does that mean that I can't use email ? 
C:  Or what ? 
C:  Well , I don't think I  
C:  well I don't think we can send the text through email because of the privacy issues . 
C:  Um . So giving them , you think a web site to say , " if you wanna print it out here it is " , is not sufficient ? 
C:  Yeah , I 'm just thinking for people that that 's not sufficient for , what  the only sufficient thing would be for me to walk up to them and hand it to them . 
C:  Equivalent . 
C:  That 's right . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  No . 
C:  Whole utterances only . 
C:  And that was just convenience for my sake , that it 's uh , uh 
C:  it would end up being fairly difficult to edit the transcripts if we would do it at the sub - utterance level . 
C:  Because this way I can just delete an entire line out of a transcript file rather than have to do it by hand . 
C:  I mean that 's why I did the web form , because for me that would be my most convenient . 
C:  Oh . 
C:  I guess I don't see having a few phrases here and there in a meeting being that mu much of a headache , bleeped out . 
C:  So . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Well I don't see any way of avoiding that . 
C:  I mean , we have to provi we have promised that we would provide them the transcript and that they can remove parts that they don't like . 
C:  So that the  
C:  The only question is  
C:  The problem is if it 's harder for them it 's also harder for me . 
C:  Whereas this web interface , I just get email , 
C:  it 's all formatted , 
C:  it 's all ready to go and I can just insert it . 
C:  Well  
C:  Well , to some extent I have to do that anyway because as I said we have to distribute passwords . 
C:  So , 
C:  Well , but  
C:  what I 'm saying is that I can't just email them the password because that 's not secure . 
C:  So they have to call me and ask . 
C:  Well , we do because of privacy . 
C:  We can't just make it openly available on the web . 
C:  But the  the problem with what you 're suggesting is it 's not just inconvenient for them , it 's inconvenient for me . 
C:  Because that means multiple contacts every time  for every single meeting every time anyone wants anything . 
C:  I would much prefer to have all be automatic , they visit the web site if they want to . 
C:  Obviously they don't have to . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  So I think you 're thinking people are going to arbitrarily start bleeping and I just don't think that 's gonna happen . 
C:  It seems to me that sending them email , saying " if you have an O - OK reply to this email and say OK , 
C:  If you have a problem with it contact me and I 'll give you a password " , 
C:  seems like is a perfectly , reasonable compromise . 
C:  And if they want a printout they can print it out themselves . 
C:  Having it . 
C:  Well the in  
C:  the consent form is right in there if anyone wants to look at it , 
C:  so . 
C:  D you want me to grab one ? 
C:  Yeah , but you 're wired 
C:  aren't you ? 
C:  " If you agree to participate you 'll have the opportunity to have anything ex anything excised , which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . " 
C:  " Once a transcript is available we will ask your permission to include the data in the corpus for the r larger research community . 
C:  There again you will be allowed to indicate any sections that you 'd prefer to have excised from the database , 
C:  and they will m be removed both from the transcript and the recording . " 
C:  Well , I mean it  
C:  The one question is definitely clear with anything as opposed to just what you said . 
C:  They just have to make sure that it is available to them . 
C:  Right . 
C:  It 's just a check box next to the text , it 's not any fun at all . 
C:  Well , but they won't get that feedback . 
C:  All  
C:  no because it doesn't automatically bleep it at the time . 
C:  It just sends me  
C:  Right . 
C:  It just sends me the time intervals . 
C:  And then at some point I 'll incorporate them all and put bleeps . 
C:  I mean I don't wanna have t ha do that yet until we actually release the data 
C:  because um , then we have to have two copies of every meeting 
C:  and we 're already short on disk space . 
C:  So I  I wanna  I  just keep the times until we actually wanna release the data and 
C:  then we bleep it . 
C:  Well since you seem to feel heart uh , strongest about it , would you like to do the first pass ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I don't think so . 
C:  Yeah because thi th they 're signing here that they 're agreeing to the paragraph which says " you 'll be given an opportunity . " 
C:  And so I don't think they need another signature . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So I guess I probably should at the minimum , think about how to present it in a printed form . 
C:  I 'm not really sure what 's best with that . 
C:  The problem is a lot of them are really short , 
C:  and so I don't necessarily wanna do one per line . 
C:  But I don't know how else to do it . 
C:  Hmm . 
C:  Yeah I think actually  
C:  my opinion probably is that the only time someone will need to listen to it is if the transcript is uh not good . 
C:  You know , if  if there are lots of mumbles and parentheses and things like that . 
C:  Right . 
C:  That was all mumbled ? 
C:  I think Microsoft is 
C:  Sorry transcribers . 
C:  They 're gonna hate this meeting . 
C:  Actually Liz will like it . 
C:  You know , but . 
C:  Yep , yep , that 's right . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well that would be good to get , definitely . 
C:  Just for corrections . 
C:  So um , in terms of password distribution , I think phone is really the only way to do it , 
C:  phone and in person . 
C:  Or mail , physical mail . 
C:  Any sub - wor 
C:  Yeah , OK . 
C:  I mean you could do it with PGP or things like that but it 's too complex . 
C:  You probably won't listen to it . 
C:  How about them energy crises . 
C:  Done ? 


C:  Shall we do digits ? 
C:  Um , oh by the way I did find a bunch  
C:  Uh , we should count out 
C:  how many more digits to forms do we have back there ? 
C:  That 's what I thought . 
C:  I f I was going through them all and I found actually a lot filed in with them , that were blanks , that no one had actually read . 
C:  And so we still have more than I thought we did . 
C:  So , we have a few more digits before we 're done . 
C:  Oops . 
C:  I 'd like a burger with that , 
C:  do you want fries with that ? 
C:  And  
