C:  This is our final meeting , the detailed design meeting . 
C:  what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two , 
C:  so you can show us what you've been working on so diligently . 
B:  It does look very cool . 
C:  <laugh> then Cat's going to present the evaluation criteria that we're going to be evaluating this against . 
C:  Then I need to say some st a few things about finance , 
C:  'cause we have to check that it's within the finance criteria . 
C:  Um and then we'll be making sure that our product fits both the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits . 
C:  Um and then we uh will have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that we've been through . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens this detailed design meeting by going over the agenda.

D:  so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things 
D:  and and then I will explain the the user interface th uh things , like the buttons and the scrolling things and  
A:  <other> Okay . So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and <laugh>  we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . 
B:  <laugh> You think bananas are a safe thing to use ? 
B:  It's a bit um phallic . 
D:  <laugh> Well , but it's it's just an a approximation . <laugh> 
B:  so I would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable . 
D:  <laugh> yeah , but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing , that one side was supposed to be rounder , 
B:  Is it to scale , or do you think you can make it a bit smaller ? 
D:  Um it could be made a bit smaller , 
C:  And it's  <other> with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours . 
D:  Yeah , I think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website . 
descriptions: Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Offer Inform Elicit-Inform Assess Inform Assess Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The designers present the prototype, which they decided to make the color and shape of a banana.

A:  <laugh> Um so basically it's the it's the flip open thing again . 
A:  And it flips open on the side , so it opens like that . 
A:  And we have the user interface o in here 
A:  and uh <other> the the L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside . 
C:  And it's  the whole thing's made of rubber , is that  
D:  So <laugh> so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the <other> on the cover we just have the very basic things . 
D:  So we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three  
D:  So it's four , up to four , up to seven , up to nine and zero , z zero here . 
D:  And then , well this is on off button . 
D:  and and also the colour is quite often red , 
D:  And then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and  
D:  And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here , previous and ne prevon prevon next . 
D:  The volume is is scrolling . 
D:  On the side , 
D:  And and and it's it's on the back is mm cover or back lid , because if you flip it open , you can still do the scrolling here . 
D:  and and you have the mm <other> spinning wheel with options to choose . 
B:  Oh , the thing we forgot was like a mute button . 
D:  Well ,  we'll have this on the screen , on the display . 
B:  On the wheel , like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute . 
A:  Uh on the L_C_D_ we r you know , the main menu will have various options . 
D:  yeah , the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute , right ? 
C:  if it's a scroll and click so you hold it in ? 
C:  But if you hold it in , 
D:  <other> And okay , so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it . 
D:  You can't really see it in the interface . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They demonstrate the remote components, showing how it flips open on the side and features a LCD and scroll inside.

B:  So what we're gonna do is prefer  prepare the evaluation of the new design . 
B:  <other> Um so we're gonna be using a seven point scale , 
B:  so one is , you know , yes , it totally meets with that requirement 
B:  and seven is , no , it really doesn't , we need to go back and start again . 
B:  Um , you know . Basically , what I did was I went through all the like user requirements and things that we've done and we've worked on and like made a list of them . 
C:  So for each of these we need to give it a one to seven . 
B:  I did have A_ , B_ , C_ , and D_ down here , 
B:  but it seems to have turned into like just bullet points . 
B:  Okay . But if you can imagine that they say A_ , B_ , C_ , and D_ , then that would be really good . 
B:  Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in . 
B:  If you take a note of them , 
B:  left-handed people can't normally write right-handed , 
A:  Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , 
B:  Does it match the operating behaviour of the user ? 
D:  so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m <other> model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . 
B:  So maybe we need to put  that needs a little bit of investigation , 
B:  maybe give it a five , I would say ? 
D:  Or maybe six , 
A:  It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , 
B:  I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top . 
A:  Yeah , but we  which makes it kind of really big , yeah . 
B:  or are we saying we're gonna stick a locator on the T_V_ ? 
C:  th there's the locator dot . 
D:  Mm that you stick on T_V_ . 
B:  so that means you need a  that does mean you need a little speaker on it though , 
B:  To make it beep . 
B:  so that's seven , yeah . 
D:  If <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things 
C:  I'd say six , 
C:  'cause the  I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you've got it . 
C:  but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . 
A:  but uh it's a good technology , I mean once they get used to it . 
B:  So , should we maybe say f a five 
B:  so possibly for left-handed . Investigate . 
C:  But otherwise it's superb . 
B:  So , should we give it a six ? 
D:  Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design  
D:  well mm I mean I d uh I dunno , I mean the the repetitive stress things , 
D:  but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway , 
A:  And moreover it it has um <other> L_C_D_ and everything , 
A:  so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway . 
B:  Okay , so we give that a six , 
C:  G_ technologically innovative . 
A:  it's the most sophisticated remote that I ever seen . <laugh> 
D:  Well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well , which is  yeah , it's kind of new . 
C:  All of the components have been used in other things before . 
B:  They're never been used i they've never been using remote remote control before I don't think . 
C:  What do you reckon , five , six ? 
D:  Six . 
C:  Put fashion in electronics . 
D:  Fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days , so . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Suggest Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Assess Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Assess Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Suggest Assess Elicit-Assessment Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert gives the product evaluation, which is based on the criteria of attractiveness, whether it matches operation behavior of the user, locatability, intuitiveness, ergonomic design, and how technologically innovative it is.

B:  maybe give it a five , I would say ? 
D:  Or maybe six , 
A:  It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , 
B:  I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top . 
A:  Yeah , but we  which makes it kind of really big , yeah . 
B:  so that's seven , yeah . 
D:  If <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things 
C:  I'd say six , 
C:  'cause the  I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you've got it . 
C:  but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . 
A:  but uh it's a good technology , I mean once they get used to it . 
B:  So , should we maybe say f a five 
B:  So , should we give it a six ? 
D:  Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design  
D:  well mm I mean I d uh I dunno , I mean the the repetitive stress things , 
D:  but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway , 
A:  And moreover it it has um <other> L_C_D_ and everything , 
A:  so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway . 
B:  Okay , so we give that a six , 
C:  What do you reckon , five , six ? 
D:  Six . 
B:  So , we need the average here , 
D:  So I think we've done very well , 
D:  The average is about six and something . 
D:  <other> Six point five , yeah . 
B:  that's pretty good , I think . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Assess Suggest Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Assess Inform Assess Inform Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: They rate the product using a 7 point scale and come up with an average score of 6.5.

C:  so we've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria . 
C:  And now we have to calculate the production costs . 
C:  So I've got an Excel spreadsheet to help us do that . 
C:  Um I started filling it in , 
C:  No hand dynamo , right ? 
C:  One simple battery . 
C:  The chip , we're going for an advanced chip on print . 
C:  We also said the sample sensor and sample speaker . 
C:  Um single-curved surface , so that we can fold it . 
C:  Case material we said rubber . 
C:  I don't know what special colour means . 
D:  I think something coloured , 
B:  but rubber comes coloured , doesn't it ? You know . 
C:  <other> maybe it's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured , it's different . 
D:  Or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it , 
D:  We have pushbuttons , 
C:  Scroll wheel with pushbutton we had , no ? 
D:  And we have L_C_ display 
C:  And button supplements . 
D:  Yeah , but what do we ha we have L_C_ display , but but the wh but the s spinning wheel  
B:  We've got more than one pushbutton though , 
B:  That means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total doesn't it ? 
C:  That seems unlikely . 
C:  whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we  
D:  We have to count all of them , 
C:  I don't think that makes sense . 
A:  if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five , 
A:  it's a scroll wheel  so we we've put it's pushbutton and scroll wheel and L_C_D_ display , 
C:  So , as we can see , that's way too expensive down here . 
C:  Our budget's twelve point five . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The group goes on to calculate the production cost and finds they are over the budget.

B:  Yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 
B:  'cause that's the most expensive thing on there . 
C:  so that has implications though for the  . 
A:  Uh it does not have for voice recognition , 
A:  but it does have for the feedback speaker . 
A:   when you say  when you press one it says one or it says hello . 
B:  But that's a bit of a gimmick anyway really , isn't it ? 
A:  Mm <other> and the locator also goes away . 
D:  Well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive , 
D:  but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps . 
A:  A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface , 
A:  because it's just rubber , so it's probably a flat surface rubber . 
C:  Right , so we need one fifty off . 
C:  Take it down to just a scroll wheel . 
A:  in the L_C_D_ we can scroll , right ? 
A:  how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the L_C_D_ ? 
A:  But how do we make a selection if we d cannot push the button . 
D:  you can push this one , 
D:  but we don't have a pushbutton uh we ca we don't have this muting mechanism for this scrolling thing . 
B:  So that's point three . 
A:  and I thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing . 
C:  The scroll wheel is on the side . 
C:  We're point three over at the moment . 
B:  Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether 
B:  and just have pushbuttons for the volume . 
A:  Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , up  for up and down . 
C:  Oh look , we're way under budget 
B:  Yeah , well we could admit to the single curve  , couldn't we ? <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Or or that we have to have some sort of special colour . 
C:  So did we lose um on our evaluation criteria , as a result of doing that ? 
B:  No , I don't think so . 
A:  Because we keep all the features , 
A:  we keep voice recognition , 
A:  we keep L_C_D_ display . 
A:  instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons . 
A:  <other> But we lose the locator . 
D:  so we still have the locate . 
C:  We're gonna have a beep . 
D:  It can come in the same colour as the the case . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They have discussion and decide to eliminate the sample speaker locator and the scroll wheel inside.

C:  so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went , 
C:  um so that we can feed back to the management for next time they're designing a product . 
D:  as far as creativity is concerned , yeah I think there was there was room for creativity . 
D:  The only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had . 
A:  I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . 
B:  If we'd had that sheet at the beginning  should've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let's just throw it together and do what we can . 
C:  But in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting , that that worked in terms of . 
B:  I think 'cause the meetings were so regular , you know . 
D:  Yeah , the m the means were very very good , the means we used . 
C:  the whiteboard digital pens . 
C:  <laugh> We like the pens . <laugh> 
C:  But that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the PowerPoint , 
C:  New ideas found . 
C:  Not quite sure what about . 
D:  Well it's it's it's pretty new , 
B:  I think we'd like to think the ideas were new , 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Inform Assess Assess Inform Comment-About-Understanding Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The team discusses the project process- saying that they had to cut out some creativity in order to meet the budget because they had not known the cost of features beforehand.

D:  I was I was satisfied with with the leadership , yeah . 
D:  Yeah , and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the <other>  
B:  I mean especially with that last-minute alteration . 
B:  I mean that was fairly tight anyway , 
D:  But yeah , but I mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting , yeah . 
B:  You weren't like a a dictating leader , so that was always good . 
D:  And then the teamwork I think I think it worked quite quite nicely , yeah . 
C:  Did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit ? 
A:  Mm . I guess it was a fairly small group , 
A:  so all of us got to express our opinions , yeah . 
D:  And my main difficulty was the the time pressure . 
B:  sometimes it's like a little bit rushed . 
descriptions: Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Assess Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: They were satisfied with the leadership but felt rushed for time.

C:  costs are within budget , 
C:  One Euro left over for bits that we didn't foresee . 
C:  Um we've evaluated the project . 
C:  Can you put that in the project documents file ? 
C:  And the process wheel didn't really have any major problems with . 
B:  we've got like five minutes left . 
C:  but if we've finished , then we've finished . 
D:  Yeah , it was a pleasure working with you . 
C:  So I would say that's the end of that meeting . 
C:  Right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . 
A:  Was there a questionnaire already sent ? 
B:  Do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now ? 
C:  I don't see why you can't stay here , really . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Inform Inform Inform Be-Positive Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They finish the meeting 5 minutes early and the project manager tells them what is left to complete.

C:  Right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . 
A:  Was there a questionnaire already sent ? 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Inform 
abst_sum - action: The team needs to complete the final questionaire and meeting summary.

A:  <other> Okay . So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and <laugh>  we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . 
A:  And it flips open on the side , so it opens like that . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be black/yellow color and the shape of a banana.

None

abst_sum - decisions: Remote flips open on side.

A:  and uh <other> the the L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: LCD and push buttons inside flip-open door.

None

abst_sum - decisions: The LCD will display the main menu, which offers various options.

D:  So we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three  
D:  And then , well this is on off button . 
D:  The volume is is scrolling . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Has an on/off button, channel flipping, volume scroller on side.

D:  Yeah , I think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website . 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: Corporate logo will be in grey.

C:  One simple battery . 
C:  The chip , we're going for an advanced chip on print . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Remote uses one simple battery and an advanced chip.

C:  Um single-curved surface , so that we can fold it . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Single-curved surface.

C:  And it's  the whole thing's made of rubber , is that  
descriptions: Elicit-Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Rubber case material.

D:  but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps . 
C:  We're gonna have a beep . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Locator will have a beep instead of a speaker.

B:  left-handed people can't normally write right-handed , 
A:  Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , 
D:  so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m <other> model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . 
A:  It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - problems: When rating the product on how well it matches the user's behavior, they found that the product is more convenient for right-handed people and less so for those who are left-handed.

C:  'cause the  I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you've got it . 
D:  If <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things 
A:  but uh it's a good technology , I mean once they get used to it . 
C:  but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: When rating whether the product is intuitive, the layout is different,a good technology but less standard.

C:  but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - problems: It could be more difficult to get used to.

C:  So , as we can see , that's way too expensive down here . 
B:  Yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 
B:  'cause that's the most expensive thing on there . 
C:  Take it down to just a scroll wheel . 
C:  Right , so we need one fifty off . 
C:  We're point three over at the moment . 
B:  Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether 
A:  Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , up  for up and down . 
D:  The only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: The team had to cut out some features in order to make the budget.

A:  I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . 
B:  If we'd had that sheet at the beginning  should've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let's just throw it together and do what we can . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: This happened because they had not known beforehand the cost of such features.

