B:  this is our second meeting 

B:  Um , right our agenda for today , 

B:  I'll go over what we decided last meeting , 

B:  we decided upon a universal control , one handset for all , T_V_ , video equipment . 

B:  try not to reflect our budget , um that we might have a bit of  oh oh you can see it , okay <laugh> . Um dissonance between what our budget was and what we want it to look like . 

B:  We discussed a flip-open design , 

B:  three presentations , I've got written here so 

D:  Um is it okay if I postpone that til later , 

C:  Okay this is uh the working design , 

C:  What  the first thing  question I asked was what are we trying to design ? 

C:  Um and uh <cough> I found out that most uh controls use some form of infrared to send signals to the T_V_ 

C:  Um , most of them are powered by some form of battery . 

D:  You're saying the triple A_ batteries are small or the  surrounding it ? 

C:  if you if you look at if you look at most remote controls they're quite they're quite chunky 

C:  and then you obviously need something to decode the information that you're putting in from from the controller 

C:  and that's because of the size of the batteries , 

D:  the triple A_s are the smallest you can get are they not , right ? 

C:  well you can you can get the sort of circular round ones 

C:  Um , now the ones at the moment are small 

C:  Now these have a wireless range of up to about five metres 

C:  we've just got the the power going to the infrared bulb with the chip and the <other> uh U_I_ interface um 

C:  so all the components that I've put forward are uh low in cost 

C:  Um it should should be different enough um from the alternative products to get a good consumer base , 

C:  because they're small they're also easy to lose so if we could look into some way of  d dunno some anti-going down the side of the sofa <laugh> thing that you could have , 

A:  Yeah . Actually mm some of my points might overlap with what William's just mention , 

A:  And to summarise I I would say it's  it should be user-friendly by being easy to use , rather than having a lot of complex button 

A:  So what the concept is to have a flip-top model . The 

A:  and we can punch in new f features such as uh  added features such as shock proof body 

A:  because there are times like uh people have used a remote control for say a year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons 

A:  so we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production 

A:  so we can give in  add in more features and make it less costly . 

A:  if you ask me personally , I would make uh flip-top with a trendy uh uh design 

A:  because they are times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after uh continuous use  usage and all that . 

A:  and s maybe we we should look at also like the buttons whe whether they are like soft or little hard 

B:  okay so if anyone wants to write something down that they want to bring up at the end , um  

D:  I'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view 

D:  we used our our usability lab , the company's usability lab , 

D:  all age groups from fifteen upwards 

D:  <other> Our findings , lots of findings , 

D:  Um , we found that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly . 

D:  but um that's quite a high proportion of our our , you know , international target group are prepared to spend more money for something that's a bit nicer looking . 

D:  <other> Um , fifty percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons , 

D:  Um and possibly we can also cut back on cost if we don't have so many functions actually on the remote control . Um 

D:  fifty percent were were particularly frustrated by that . 

D:  Um , um slightly more than a quarter of people said it was bad for uh repetitive strain injury . 

D:  Um the vast majority of the thirty five and under age group would like um a liquid crystal display and speech recognition , 

D:  So thirty fives and unders who would like those two features , that kind of evens out thirty five to forty five 

D:  if there's any more information I can email you extra details , 

B:  we have new project requirements , um 

B:  our control is only going to be for T_V_ , 

B:  I think maybe Sky things like that might be incorporated into it , but 

D:  Would that imply video use ? 

B:  But I mean , general T_V_ controls do do video as well . 

B:  I think we assume that it's still got play and stop functions and <other> programming . 

C:  Ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing 

B:  We do have a budget limitation that we can't control ourselves , 

C:  Yeah but um on on that again I just thought  'cause you can get those key chains now and you whistle and then it'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is 

B:  maybe <other> on the T_V_  you could put like a pack on the T_V_ or something 

B:  Um <other> the third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into the handset . 

D:  further market research will be needed to kind of focus on what that is , 

C:  Well y yeah you could you could have a number of different designs 

A:  So are we talking of a single model or maybe five , six designs  ? 

A:  The features could be same and the body could look slightly different . 

B:  um the controls that are coming out now have kind of big , rubber buttons , 

B:  I'm thinking kind of Japan , 

A:  Maybe for U_S_ and all you can have a slightly bigger remote control 

B:  Okay , so the remote control functions . 

A:  and maybe in Japan and all you need to have a small , yeah . 

B:  I think we have to design one product 

D:  Th the internal d engineering design has got to remain the same , yes , absolutely . 

B:  Um we've got the T_V_ , 

C:  Video plus . 

B:  We could use that as an alternative to programming in times , things like that , 

C:  And you wouldn't you wouldn't need uh a whole host of extra buttons for that , 

D:  I've not come across that function 

B:  if you look in the newspaper , T_V_ guide or any T_V_ guide there's a five , six digit number afterwards 

D:  but just discussing the different age groups and targeting the different age groups it occurs to me ,  to produce our own mobile phones , that that's kind of what led us on to comparing T_V_ remote controls with with their design features , 

D:  Is it worthwhile with with our retail outlets having a a similar um kind of service 

C:  But the only problem is that with a mobile phone you signed for a contract 

C:  but I I'm not sure how much the cost would be of having  

C:  I mean instru instruction books I feel c I reckon can cover that . 

B:  Instruction manuals . 

B:  there will be a customer service number thing that you can phone up and speak to 

A:   for a phone maybe he might walk down the street , 

B:  But we should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible 

B:  I'm not sure if we need a design um decision now , 

B:  Um , what other functions ? 

B:  oh batteries , that's what I was thinking about . 

B:  th the thing that you get with mobile house phones , you sit it in its charger when you're not using it or t at night or something , 

B:  Um , something like that should reduce the size of it . 

C:  yeah if you if you had if you had one of those  uh just coming back to your other point about pressing the button and setting off the bleeper in the room that could uh  

A:  So are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote ? 

B:  Rechargeable with a docking station . 

B:  Um , th the shape you got trendy . 

D:  I mean so many remote controls look absolutely identical , 

A:  What I was thinking of a design which Nokia h uh came up with almost six or seven years back . 

A:  so they came up with something like this , curled up , so here , 

A:  so it's like uh you can say a banana shape kind of thing , curled up like a boat . 

A:  I wouldn't say exactly semi-circular but yeah smooth . 

B:  I mean for example , if it was a C_ or something like that , you could have it in a vague C_ shape that opens up kind of like a shell , or something , 

D:  I think that's  <other> that sounds a really attractive idea , 

D:  you know even though we're using plastic , you can still  I mean think of the designs you can get in plastic , 

B:  You could have different kind of casings . 

D:  and people might want to put it on their mantelpiece or whatever as a ki if it looks attractive enough as a kind of ornament 

A:  Yeah maybe we could come at some say five , six des designs 

D:  Can I just quickly um go over the new project requirements so that I haven't missed anything . 

D:  Mm , and the rechargeable batteries . 

D:  That's not at the moment a requirement , 

B:  And we've talked about um there being an alarm or something , a beeping for being lost , um . 

B:  and the  I  the instruction manual , I don't know if we deal with that , um . 

D:  What would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting ? 

D:  'Cause we're at lunchtime now I think . 

B:  I think you can email me , if there's any more questions . 

