B:  Help .  It's up there ? That screen's black . 
D:   
C:   
B:  Alright , okay . Okay , that's fine . 
D:  <other> Oh God . 
B:  Are we done ? Right , okay um , this is our second meeting and I might be a bit all over the place . Um , right our agenda for today , do you want us to give you a second ? 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Uh , no that's okay , sorry . 
B:  Okay , um <other> I'll go over what we decided last meeting , 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  um , we decided upon a universal control , one handset for all , T_V_ , video equipment . Um , that it was important that the product was accessible to a wide range of consumers , wide age range , not limiting anyone . We decided it was important to reflect the company's image in our product , we put fashion in electronics , you know that kind of s thing . Um , our budget would have to affect um  try not to reflect our budget , um that we might 
A:  Sorry . 
B:  have a bit of  oh oh you can see it , okay <laugh> . Um dissonance between what our budget was and what we want it to look like . Um 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  want it to look uncluttered , undaunting to the customer . We discussed a flip-open design , um reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel um for further features like programming , things like that . 


B:  Okay . Um , three presentations , I've got written here so shall we hear from Marketing first ? 
D:  Um is it okay if I postpone that til later , I just want to get access to a little bit more information , is that okay ? 
B:  No that's fine , that's fine .  
C:  Okay , yeah I'll go first . Can I grab the  
B:  Unplug me . 
C:  Thanks . What do I have to press ? Oh , F_ eight ? 
B:  Um , F_N_ function F_ eight . 
C:  Oh right , yeah . Okay . Maybe  
A:  Yep . 
C:  Yep there we go . 


C:  Okay this is uh the working design , presented by me , the uh Industrial Designer extraordinaire . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  'Kay , this is where I went a bit mad with PowerPoint so . What  the first thing  question I asked was what are we trying to design ? Well , a device which basically just sends the signal to the T_V_ to change its state , whether that be the power , or the channel um or the volume , everything is just um some sort of signal to change the state of the T_V_ or other appliance that it's sending the signal to . Um , so I decided I'd have a look at what th other people have designed and try and take some inspiration from that . But uh although we will want to be taking ideas from other people , we wanna make sure that our design stands out and I thought that was something that  well it wasn't really my area because <other> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  I'm dealing with the inside really . So um , yeah I ran out of time so I couldn't do this one as fun as the last one <laugh> . 
C:  And so this is what I had as the basic idea of what we wanna do . It's not a proper circuit , I'm not sure if it'd work or not , I'm not even confident that those are the real um the real way you'd wire it up but anyway , we've just got the the power going to the infrared bulb with the chip and the <other> uh U_I_ interface um 
A:   
C:  which would basically , when you when you pressed anything it would  the chip would convert it into some form of I_R_ data which could be decoded by the T_V_ receiver , which obviously means that we're gonna have to conform to <other> whatever um whatever form of communication that the T_V_s are already using and since that that's another use and  reason to use that infrared because that's what all T_V_s use at the moment . And then finally , um we want uh the  it to be available to a wide audience at a low cost so all the components that I've put forward are uh low in cost so that that should be good . Um it should should be different enough um from the alternative products to get a good consumer base , we were talking about it before and also just something that I was thinking about , uh because they're small they're also easy to lose so if we could look into some way of  d dunno some anti-going down the side of the sofa <laugh> thing that you could have , I  th that was just sort of a general point there . <other> And that's uh  yeah . 
D:  Mm . Mm . Mm . That's a very important part , it came up in our market research findings too so I can refer to that , whenever you like me to present . 
C:  Alright okay , and yeah , that's that's what I came up with there , so if you wanna  
B:  Okay , thank you very much . 


B:  Um , would you like to continue on from that ? 
A:  Yep . 
C:  Ooh . 
A:  'Kay . It can be  okay , that's okay with me . 
B:  Or , maybe move the laptop over . 
A:   further .  
B:   
A:  Oops . Why's it not working ? F_ eight , right ? 
B:  F_ function . 
C:  Function F_ eight yeah . 
A:  Okay . Mm why's it in the right ? 
D:  No . The plug hasn't come out at the bottom , has it ? No . 
A:  Yeah , it's connecting  . 
C:  No , no yeah it's just  . 
D:  Meter adjusting . 
A:   okay . 
B:  Oh , there  . 
A:  Yeah . Actually mm some of my points might overlap with what William's just mention , but basically my method was like uh whatever brainstorming we did in the last meeting , just a couple of valuable points and started developing on that and there might be some missing loops in this thing which I think we'll uh take a feedback from the marketing because 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  um , I haven't had some marketing data and basically every product is marketable . So purpose , as William already said , I would put it to simplify the interaction with T_V_ to make make it as simple as possible . And to summarise I I would say it's  it should be user-friendly by being easy to use , rather than having a lot of complex button because you can have an engineering  maybe having hundred buttons and maybe having uh a remote control which has the main features like volume control or channel ch changing the channel or whatever . But we are to to make it unique so that people want to buy it , will  this two features together . So what the concept is to have a flip-top model . The main functions such as which are like often used will be on the top and the complex functions which say you  you can say like the y young generation or trendy generation want to pr say programme their favourite channels or whatever , can be put in the middle part of the f flip-top . So it's like  it could be accessed by a wide ra range of uh audience and we can punch in new f features such as uh  added features such as shock proof body and maybe a design to appeal to a lot of people . Findings most people prefer us user-friendly rather than complex remote controls because there are times like uh people have used a remote control for say a year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so it's not  of no use of punching in the uh  trying to put in those things in  on the top of the remote control and try to confuse the user . As we saw we we have to make a profit also so we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production mm by fifty million we said ? Yeah , with that I think we'll be able to achieve economies of scale also , so we can give in  add in more features and make it less costly . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Um , that's  so this is  if you ask me personally , I would make uh flip-top with a trendy uh uh design and s maybe we we should look at also like the buttons whe whether they are like soft or little hard because they are times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after uh continuous use  usage and all that . So in overall a simple and uh 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  user-friendly design . 
D:  Mm . 
A:  Uh any comments like , if you want ? 
B:  'Kay . Um , I think we'll chat about it at the end , okay so if anyone wants to write something down that they want to bring up at the end , um  
A:  Okay . 
D:  'Kay . 
C:  Yeah sure . 


B:  Ooh , it's vibrating , that's strange . Oh , God . Right , okay . 
D:  Have I got to keep this here ? Does it matter ? 
A:  I think you'll have to  You can't  It'll have to  this can't be pulled . 
D:  I'll have t I'll have to move it won't I ? Uh , whoops . Will it manage ? Bit more , oh dear . <laugh> 
B:  We just do the best we can . 
A:  You'll have to push it a bit more . Yep . Yeah this is more than enough . 
C:  There we go , I've got a bit more of the cable <laugh> . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Oh . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  There we go . 
D:  Is that okay ? 
A:  Yeah I think you can pull it out now . 
D:  Thank you , just pull it closer a little bit . 
A:   
C:  Uh you should be able to  and  yeah , there you go . 
B:  Yeah , you might . 
D:  Get it right over , okay , thank you . 
B:  Ah . Look at that . 


D:  Okay , um , I'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view and uh obviously our starting point with marketing is always market research . <other> Um , so that's where we started , we used our our usability lab , the company's usability lab , we did our usual selection methods to get a cross-section of the general public , male and female , all age groups from fifteen upwards and um we observed them in the lab , just their general use of the remote control , you can see we had a hundred subjects there . 
D:  <other> I had marvellous tables and things that I could show you , but I think I'll just keep it simple , if there's any more information I can email you extra details , is that okay ? 
A:  'Kay . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . Yeah . 
A:   That's fine . 
C:  Okay . 


B:  Right , um 
C:  Huh . 
B:  we have new project requirements , um we're not going to be using teletext , um apparently the consumers consider it outdated with the internet now . Um <other> 
A:  Okay . 
B:  our control is only going to be for T_V_ , it's not going to be a combined control , which limits you know all of the different things that  <other> it limits the cost for us , but it also makes it easier to understand for the consumer . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Mm-hmm , so can we not programme a video with this remote control ? 
B:  It says for T_V_ only , so <other> looks like it's just  yeah , I think maybe Sky things like that might be incorporated into it , but 
D:  Just channel-hopping . 
B:  <other> I don't know , what do you think ? It just said , for T_V_ only . But I mean , general T_V_ controls do do video as well . 
D:  Would that imply video use ? 
C:  T yeah yeah . I d well I dunno 'cause uh the w if you've g 
B:  I mean you bu well som you get com you get combined T_V_ and videos don't you ? 
C:  Yeah . If yeah  and if you got if you got a Sky box , they have one of those plus boxes , you can record straight off the T_V_ anyway so on to on to like the T_V_ hard drive or so . 
D:  Mm-hmm , yes . 
B:  Mm . I think we assume that it's still got play and stop functions and <other> programming . 
D:  Yes . 
A:  <other> Anything about that on the market research or something like regarding whether people want a combined something like that ? 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Um we didn't really look into that but remember we found that finding that most people only use about uh ten percent of the buttons , I think th th those do tend to be the basic channel-hopping things and on and off for the video , fast-forwarding , so on and I think it's sort of general knowledge that people do find programming their videos a nightmare <laugh> . So I don't know if that's something we need to look at . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Ten perc Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Hmm . 
C:  Ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing and they're not that great anyway . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Pens 
D:  In fact I've just called up that table there , we asked those two questions , the table relates to both questions , so we didn't differentiate . Would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen , that's multi-function remote and would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control ? So you can see how the the yes no sort of varies across the age group there , and a substantial number of don't knows in the older age group , I think that's just general fear of new technology . 
C:  Alright , okay . Alright , okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , bu 
C:  Yeah but um on on that again I just thought  'cause you can get those key chains now and you whistle and then it'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is so I thought that could be quite a  
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Oh yeah . Right . 
B:  We do have a budget limitation that we can't control ourselves , so I think when we can take a cheaper option which still does the same kinda thing um because it is something I  it needs to be  the thing that you 
D:  Mm . 
B:  use to find it needs to be something that you don't lose , you were saying whistling , maybe <other> on the T_V_  you could put like a pack on the T_V_ or something so you can't see the remote , you go and press the button on top of the T_V_ and it beeps and you're like oh okay it's over there , something like that , but that's  that sounds a lot cheaper to me . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  That's a super idea . 
C:  Hmm . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Um <other> the third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into the handset . Um so we want logo , we want um fashionable , trendy , I mean what you were talking about with the marketing . Um , people paying more for it to look good . Um , we need to focus on that as well . 




B:  Right , I think we have to round it up , um  
D:  Can I just quickly um go over the new project requirements so that I haven't missed anything . So it's no teletext , it's only for T_V_ and by implication video , our corporate image should be incorporated in the remote control , um something about Videoplus . 
B:  Sure . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  That was um in cutting down the number  that was kinda separate that was cutting down the number of functions , making it simpler so instead of having lots of things you put in for date  
D:  Right . Right . Right , so when they press for programming you  it comes up on the L_C_D_ , a reminder about using Videoplus ? So that they have a look at the guide and  Or was  is this nothing to do with the project requirements , is this just  that was an add-on feature ? 
B:  <other> It's  kinda takes the place of having a button to press for the date and having the button to press for the channel , things like that . Um it could be it c 
D:  Uh-huh . Right . Right , so it's kind of doing away with the programming feature ? Right . 
B:  It  yes , it could be uh adv advertisement feature , um rather than design feature , you know , drawing attention to that . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  And it also paid um lip service in the instruction manual , 'cause it's very simple so putting it down in words should be helpful . 
D:  Mm , and the rechargeable batteries . Was there anything else there that we  in the new new project requirements ? 
B:  Yeah . <other> Um  
A:  Yeah .  
B:  We've got the buttons but I think we'll work through that with the design of it , um . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . That's not at the moment a requirement , it's something we're looking at , what preference  so it may come round to market research at some point to see what people would like . 
B:  Yes . Yes . And we've talked about um there being an alarm or something , a beeping for being lost , um . 
A:  For detection , right . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Learning how to use it should be as simple as possible . But there aren't gonna be that func that many functions incorporated into it so it should be fine and the  I  the instruction manual , I don't know if we deal with that , um . I think  Yep , and different from what's out there . Yep , I think that's us . 
A:  Yep , I think  
D:  Okay . What would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting ? Or shall I just sort of generally look at all the issues involved ? 
A:  True . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  I think you might get guidance , but um I th Instruction manuals , 'cause there tends to be a 
D:  Okay . 
B:  demonised thing , u um , they're  everyone's got like a big pile of them , but no one really uses them . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Um . 
D:  Whoops , questionnaire four . 
A:  Oops . We should f 
B:  Yes , right . Okay . 
D:  'Cause we're at lunchtime now I think . 
A:  I think it's time for us to get back to  
B:  Right , okay . I think you can email me , if there's any more questions . Um and I'll be able to not answer them . 


