E:  O three 
E:  Are you talking about the overlap a annotations ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So what I was imagining was  um , so Dave says we can have unlimited numbers of green ribbons . 
E:  And so put , uh , a  a green ribbon on for an overlap code . 
E:  And since we w we  
E:  I  I think it 's important to remain flexible regarding the time bins for now . 
E:  And so it 's nice to have  
E:  However , you know , you want to have it , uh , time time uh , located in the discourse . 
E:  So , 
E:  um , 
E:  if we  if we tie the overlap code to the first word in the overlap , then you 'll have a time - marking . 
E:  It won't  it 'll be independent of the time bins , 
E:  however these e evolve , shrink , or whatever , 
E:  increase , 
E:  or  
E:  Also , you could have different time bins for different purposes . 
E:  And having it tied to the first word in an overlap segment is unique , uh , you know , anchored , clear . 
E:  And it would just end up on a separate ribbon . 
E:  So the overlap coding is gonna be easy with respect to that . 
E:  You look puzzled . 
E:  OK . 
E:  What , the codes themselves ? 
E:  Or the  ? 
E:  Well , we don't have to go into the codes . 
E:  We don't have to go into the codes . 
E:  But let me just  
E:  No . 
E:  W the idea is just to have a separate green ribbon , 
E:  you know , 
E:  and  and  and let 's say that this is a time bin . 
E:  There 's a word here . 
E:  This is the first word of an overlapping segment of any length , 
E:  overlapping with any other , uh , word  uh , i segment of any length . 
E:  And , um , 
E:  then you can indicate that this here was perhaps a ch a backchannel , 
E:  or you can say that it was , um , a usurping of the turn , 
E:  or you can  you know , any  any number of categories . 
E:  But the fact is , you have it time - tagged in a way that 's independent of the , uh , sp particular time bin that the word ends up in . 
E:  If it 's a large unit or a small unit , or 
E:  we sh change the boundaries of the units , 
E:  it 's still unique and  and , uh , fits with the format , 
E:  flexible , all that . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Is it S - diff ? 
E:  Mmm . 
E:  Well , can I ask one question ? 
E:  It  it seems to me that , um , we will have o an official version of the corpus , which will be only one  one version in terms of the words  where the words are concerned . 
E:  We 'd still have the  the merging issue maybe if coding were done independently of the  
E:  But  but  
E:  OK , then  
E:  Well , then the  
E:  I agree . 
E:  That was what I was wondering . 
E:  Time is unique . 
E:  You were saying that you didn't think we should  
E:  Andreas was saying  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Ach ! 
E:  Well , then  
E:  But then couldn't you just indirectly figure out the time  tied to the word ? 
E:  Not  
E:  Well , 
E:  but you 'd have some anchoring point . 
E:  He couldn't have changed all the words . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  But it could be that they just  uh , I mean , it could be that they chunked  they  they lost certain utterances and all that stuff , 
E:  or  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  That 's interesting . 
E:  O three 
