B:  That 's it . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  P Cs . 
B:  P Cs . 
B:  Well the first 
B:  stop ,  
B:  the first thing  the most , eh , complicated is to fit them with the removal  removable  um , hard disk . 
B:  But it 's  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So the first computer I had to  
B:  um 
B:  the 
B:  Oh , 
B:  what 's the right word ? 
B:  I had to put everything out 
B:  to  to put the  removable hard disk in 
B:  and  and it 's  
B:  Yeah , it 's  
B:  but i but it 's not  not , um  very , uh  difficult or something like that . 
B:  So you just have to  
B:  Uh ! 
B:  So Wilbert will set up the second computer . 
B:  So it 's about one hour to put this , uh  hard disk in 
B:  and a further hour to , uh   Well , two or three hours <laugh> to install the operating systems . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  At the moment . 
B:  Right , 
B:  um  On Friday when I installed , um  uh  Linux the first time <inbreath> I got access to the local network here , um , but not to any machines outside of , uh , ICSI . 
B:  And , till Monday there 's no access at all to any machines , 
B:  also not to inside machines . 
B:  So , I think it 's related to the work , um  they 've done on Sunday here 
B:  and I sent  
B:  The pages are already on the web ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  OK . 
B:  But , uh 
B:  your argument is , uh , I think it we have to have the right to change it . 
B:  So if there 's anything changing in insurances or something  something like that , <inbreath> that we have access to this page further on  to chan to make any changes . 
B:  Yeah , but it 's much more complicated . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I think the best solution is really to put a link on the ICSI page to this stuff . 
B:  And the stuff itself is , uh , <inbreath> located at our server . 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  in our directory , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Um , I don't know . 
B:  Maybe it could be a good thing if we have such an event button <inbreath> that , um , somewhere beneath this button or wherever , <inbreath> that there 's a date , when the last update was . 
B:  So that you know it 's worth to click this button to see there 's a new , um , <inbreath> announcement or not . 
B:  S So otherwise , you are often clicking this button 
B:  and you get your old information or even an  uh empty page . 
B:  So 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  something like that . 
B:  " Last updated " , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  So it 's just a su suggestion 
B:  I don't know how easy it is to  to implement something like that . 
B:  Holidays 
B:  And there 's no final master 's thesis or something like that what they have to perform ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well 
B:  I will  
B:  No , no , no , no , no . 
B:  So I will stay here till the end of February 
B:  and 
B:  afterwards , um , at Berlin I 'm yeah , funded by an institution of the German government , 
B:  so , 
B:  they are paying me , 
B:  and I have to do research for them , of course . 
B:  I have to <inbreath> um well , uh , reach some goals and so on . 
B:  But on the other hand there will be some time left I think to do some work on  this area I started here . 
B:  And for me , myself , I 'm also very interested in  in continue this work 
B:  and so that will be manageable 
B:  and , um , 
B:  on the other hand there are also <inbreath> uh , some students or  
B:  well , 
B:  at the moment it 's  quite difficult to find students , eh , who are doing their master 's thesis and so on 
B:  because there are not a lot of students , uh , which are in this state in Germany now , 
B:  but um , 
B:  about two years ago the numbers of students were , um , studying computer science , <inbreath> uh , started to increase again 
B:  and so in one or two years we will have , <inbreath> uh , many students , uh , which are performing their master 's thesis 
B:  and so <inbreath> I think there will also be , uh , many students <inbreath> which are joining in this work . 
B:  So , hopefully , <inbreath> uh , I will found  will find some students which are joining in 
B:  and , um 
B:  So , hopefully this work will be go on . 
B:  That 's it . 
