C:  this is our design . 
abst_sum - abstract: The ID and UI presented the drawing of a prototype.

C:  We have of course uh the the round shape uh the round uh basic shape . 
C:  Th So there's this part um <other> which is made of hard plastic , the front . 
C:  And uh we're we're using different colours . 
abst_sum - abstract: It is rounded, with the front made of hard plastic in different colours.

C:  and the rest of it , the under uh the under side uh of it , yeah , the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium , 
abst_sum - abstract: The back, as well as the lower part of the front are made of titanium.

C:  uh which is uh made uh which is also part of the back , part of the titanium uh titanium part . 
C:  And we thought about the logo big in the middle . 
C:  And the company slogan , we thought in a kind of arc shape uh above the logo . 
abst_sum - abstract: The back has the logo and slogan of the company engraved in its middle.

C:  I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons . 
C:  the the con the the the , yeah , the t volume and the channel controls uh in the middle here . 
C:  Um um with kind of arrow shapes , 
C:  And the video button . 
B:  Menu for the L_C_D_ screen . 
abst_sum - abstract: The buttons include oval digit buttons, arrow-shaped channel and volume controls in the middle; below those, is the menu (for the LCD) and the video button.

C:  And of course this low part , this is the L_C_D_ screen . 
abst_sum - abstract: The LCD can be found at the lower section of the device.

D:  I'm going to do uh the ev evaluation . 
abst_sum - abstract: After the presentation, the product was evaluated.

D:  That's gonna be done at the end of seven point skill criteria . 
D:  Uh the first question is , uh is the device good-looking ? 
D:  Easy to change channels ? 
D:  The uh device is easy to find if you lose it ? 
A:  Are there enough technology ? 
A:  Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented ? 
A:  Is the material attractive ? 
abst_sum - abstract: This was done on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad) on fancifulness, ease of use, finding the device when it is lost, hi-tech features, incorporation of fashion trends, and ergonomic design.

A:  look at the costs at this point . 
A:  The sample speaker , 
A:  Kick it out . 
C:  So we have to use the ditch the titanium , I'm afraid . 
abst_sum - abstract: Because it was over budget, titanium was replaced by plastic and the speech recognition was discarded.

None
abst_sum - abstract: They thought it would have been more sensible to have the component costs before the prototype design.

A:  but now we're going to evaluate our project , of uh project , 
A:  are we satisfactory about our creativity ? 
C:  Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best , yeah . 
A:  Uh leadership 
D:  Well it's <laugh>  It was very democratic . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Well the managers were terrible . So , with their all their useless requirements . 
A:  teamwork ? 
A:  Well great I think . 
A:  Uh well what do you , what did you think about the SMARTboard ? 
C:  It was a complete disaster . 
A:  And uh the digi the digital pen ? 
D:  Yeah , it might be useful for drawings . I I agree on that . 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (generally satisfied), leadership (the process was democratic, not happy with management), teamwork (happy with it), and means (SMARTboard was 'a disaster' and the digital pens only good for drawings).

None
abst_sum - action: *NA*

C:  And of course this low part , this is the L_C_D_ screen . 
C:  Well the the  Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side , but  
B:  Well f for as far as I can see , three of us agree 
B:  and only Nils  
A:  So <other> let it be like this at uh at this moment . 
abst_sum - decisions: Despite disagreement regarding the position of the LCD (top or bottom), the screen was left at the bottom as it was in the prototype.

A:  The sample speaker , 
A:  Kick it out . 
abst_sum - decisions: The sample speaker was taken out to bring the cost of the prototype down to the original budget of 12.50 euros.

C:  So we have to use the ditch the titanium , I'm afraid . 
abst_sum - decisions: They also decided to replace titanium with similar-looking plastic for the same reason.

A:  If if you look if if this this is thick , and this is thin , th th then it that it lies over your hands . But  
abst_sum - problems: There was criticism for the shape of the remote (thicker at the ends, thinner at the middle).

B:  and only Nils  
C:  Well the the  Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side , but  
abst_sum - problems: The project manager still disagreed on the position of the LCD: he would prefer it to be at the top.

A:  Kick it out . 
A:  Then we go to fourteen point six . 
A:  The sample speaker , 
abst_sum - problems: The total cost of the prototype was 18.6 euros.

None
abst_sum - problems: The team had to discuss which features should be discarded.

D:  Yeah , we need to have the <other> the L_C_D_ screen . 
C:  But we d Then we have to lose the L_C_D_ screen . 
C:  <laugh> Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen , it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing . 
abst_sum - problems: The only way was to go to a regular chip, but that would mean losing the LCD screen, which was integral to the design.

B:  Why why don't we replace the titanium with uh plastic coloured titanium , 
A:  Th then you have a ugly , stupid , l ugly looking , dumb remote that that no-one would buy . 
abst_sum - problems: Replacing the titanium with plastic would have a detrimental effect on the looks of the remote.

B:  Well we make it more expensive to buy . 
A:  Well , then we have two dollars less profit . 
A:  I'll put in the report we that we think that fourteen point one is the l m lowest price you can make a remote for that's trendy d these days . 
abst_sum - problems: The team discussed the possibility to leave the remaining cost at 14.10.

A:  Uh well what do you , what did you think about the SMARTboard ? 
C:  It was a complete disaster . 
abst_sum - problems: The SMARTboard was considered a disaster as they could not draw, and the digital pens can only be useful for drawings.

C:  Uh <other> a green uh board with uh chalk is much more useful than that thing . 
abst_sum - problems: Some people thought that there was no advantage to using the SMARTboard instead of a normal blackboard and chalk, although you can save and reuse things with the former.

