{"dialogue": "oh , this was aboutum , inferring intentions from features in context , and the words ,", "summary": "abstract: the initial task of the edu group is to work on inferring intentions through context ."}
{"dialogue": "so , < clears throat > what we found interesting is , first of all , intentions differ . maybe you want to enter a building . maybe you want to see it , or maybe you actually want to come as close as possible to the building . if you do n't have the intention of entering your building , but you know that something is really close to it , and you just want to approach it , or get to that building .", "summary": "abstract: in the navigational paradigm used for the task , these intentions are to `` see '' to `` enter '' or to `` get to the closest point of '' a building ."}
{"dialogue": "but , um , since we are designing aaaan , compared to this , even bigger data collection effort , um , we will definitely take care to put it in there ,", "summary": "abstract: there will be purpose-designed experiments carried out ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we can look at some factors that may make a difference . um . sometimes i found in theuh , looking at the data , in a superficial way , i found some s sort of modifiers thatthat m may also give us a hint , and this leads us straight to the context which also should be considered . and i will try toto sort of come up with a list of factors that we need to get out of there , there 's gon na be contextual things , there 're gon na be linguistic things , there 're gon na be discourse things , the issue is , can we find a way to , basically , featurize it", "summary": "abstract: however , the starting point is , through the use of existing data , to determine possible linguistic , discourse or situation features that define intentionality ."}
{"dialogue": "like `` s go to see `` , or `` visit `` , or some this is of course a crucial factor , `` what type of object is it ? `` then of course thethe actual phrases may give us some idea of what the person wants . oh , another thing you want is some information abou i think , about the time of day . so if it turns out that , whatever it is , you want to know whether the person 's uh , a tourist or not , ok ? that becomes a feature .", "summary": "abstract: these may include the type of building , time of day , particular phrases used or whether the user is a tourist or a native ."}
{"dialogue": "and we 're able to , by hand , extract the features to put in the belief - net . if that goes well , then we can start worrying about how we would extract them . so we 'll be like , hand , uh , doing all the probabilities .", "summary": "abstract: initially , these features will be hand-coded , but the goal is to find ways of extracting them automatically from the xml data ."}
{"dialogue": "if we feed it through a belief - net oror something along those lines . we 'd get an inferred intention , wewe produce a structure that differentiates between the vista , the enter , and the , um , tango mode . and , my idea on how to combine them is with a belief - net , which is going to have as output , the conditional pr probability of one of three things , but the idea is to take as a first goal , see if we could actually build a belief - net that would make this three way distinction uh , in a plausible way , here 're the things which , if you get them out ofout of the language and discourse , and put them into the belief - net , it would tell you which of these three uh , intentions is most likely . `` i think that , uh , if we can get the information , a belief - net is a perfectly good way of doing the inferential combination of it . javabayes or something ?", "summary": "abstract: consequently , they will be fed into a belief-net -implemented on a software package like javabayes- and the conditional probability of each intention calculated ."}
{"dialogue": "so one thing you could do is build a little system that , said , `` whenever you got a question like that i 've got one of three answers . u u sort of i 'm , at the moment , curious and i 'mi 'ms w want to approach it from the end where we can s sort of start with this toy system that we can play around with , and then in the longer run , you would figure out how you could derive them . from previous discourse or w any anything else you knew . and , then as soon as we have it , i think we should start trying to populate it for this problem .", "summary": "abstract: a prototype system will be put together to test hypotheses regarding both the exact nature of the features and how intentions are derived from them ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe for a deep understanding task , that 's a nice sort of playground or first little thing . `` so we think it 's a well - formed , uh , starter task for this , uh , deeper understanding in the tourist domain .", "summary": "decisions: inferring intentions in a navigational context is an appropriate task both in project and real-world terms ."}
{"dialogue": "ok ? wewe have awe know what the outcomes are gon na be , it allall of a sudden it does much better .", "summary": "decisions: its goals are clearly defined and contributre to a smarter system ."}
{"dialogue": "thesewe have all these transcripts but , um , since we are designing aaaan , compared to this , even bigger data collection effort , um , we will definitely take care to put it in there , and start recording subjects probably within a month or something .", "summary": "decisions: although there are some preliminary data to work on , task-specific experiments and recordings will take place ."}
{"dialogue": "so , th they 're gon na give us some cr uhorwe can assume that y you get this crude information . so , yeah , we 're sort of < mike noise > committed to xml as the kind of , uh , interchange .", "summary": "decisions: the xml format is going to be used has not been defined , although the smartkom data can be used as a foundation ."}
{"dialogue": "ok ? soy so one of th one of the things we wan na do is actually , uh , pick a package , yeah bu w i 'd like that thisy yeah , this week , to ha to n to <inbreath> have y guys , uh , you know , pick <mouth> they you know , belief - net package", "summary": "decisions: in the first instance , the group will have to decide on the software package to be used for the creation and manipulation of the belief-nets ."}
{"dialogue": "you know , we do n't need the one that 'll solve massive , uh , belief - nets quickly . but we do want one in which it 's easy to interact with and , uh , modify . you want it stable , you want it and probably one in which it 's easy to have , um , what amounts to transcript files .", "summary": "decisions: stability and ease-of-use -in addition to ability to handle xml- of the package are the focus at this stage , instead of the ability to handle large amounts of data ."}
{"dialogue": "an and there 're plenty of people around , students in the department who , you know , live and breathe bayes - nets .", "summary": "decisions: experts in bayes nets within icsi can be consulted on the matter ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i 'd like to also , though , uh , ha have a first cut at what the belief - net looks like . is show the state and show the system and show that .", "summary": "decisions: the decision will be presented in the next meeting along with a first schema of the belief-nets themselves ."}
{"dialogue": "and you probably need intermediate nodes . and then in the longer run , you would figure out how you could derive them . from previous discourse or w any anything else you knew .", "summary": "decisions: possible intermediate nodes can be added to the nets after this ."}
{"dialogue": "is , uh , one , where do you get this iinformation from , if that goes well , then we can start worrying about how we would extract them . and then we can start worrying about where to get this input , the issue is , can we find a way to , basically , featurize it and , as soon as we have one , we can start trying to , uh , make a first cut at what 's going on .", "summary": "decisions: the hypothesis that a set of features from which intentions can be derived exists has to be assessed , before moving on to how to extract these features from the data automatically ."}
{"dialogue": "the street network of our geographic information system . a lot of parsers , um , that 's way beyond their scope , isof interpreting that . because i we can not differentiate , at the moment , between , you know , the intention of wanting to go there or the intention of just know wanting to know wherewhere it is .", "summary": "problems: curent navigation systems do not provide for the user 's particular intentions when asking for directions ."}
{"dialogue": "it would always use the closest point to the object ,", "summary": "problems: they always compute the shortest path between source and destination ."}
{"dialogue": "what we do know , is that the parser we use in the smartkom system will never differentiate between any of these . so it 'sit 'sit 's way too crude to d capture those differences in intentions . what he was saying is , the m - three - l does not have any of that . that 's way beyond their scope , isof interpreting that .", "summary": "problems: the smartkom parser , for example , does not mark up data with features adequate for the inference of these intentions ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's gon na be contextual things , there 're gon na be linguistic things , there 're gon na be discourse things , is , uh , one , where do you get this iinformation from , but if we ca n't do that , then we 're in trouble . the real issue is , do what are the factors involved in determining this ? the issue is , can we find a way to , basically , featurize it", "summary": "problems: although it is understandable that language , discourse and situation features will play a role in how they are weighed , the exact nature of those features is unclear ."}
{"dialogue": "and two , what 's the structure of the belief - net ? so that we get some discrete number of features so that , uh , when we know the values to all those features , or as many as possible , we can w come up with the best estimate of which of the , in this case three little intentions , are most likely .", "summary": "problems: also hard to evaluate at this stage , is how the assumed features will combine in a belief-net , in order to provide the conditional probabilities of the users ' intentions ."}
{"dialogue": "if that goes well , then we can start worrying about how we would extract them . and then in the longer run , you would figure out how you could derive them . from previous discourse or w any anything else you knew .", "summary": "problems: even if these problems are solved , extracting the features from the data may prove to be a bottleneck ."}
{"dialogue": "not from that data . butit was never th th the goal of that data collection toto serve for sat for such a purpose . so that 's why for example the tasks were not differentiated by intentionality , uh , what one hopes is that when we understand how the analyzer works , we can both worry about converting it to english and worry about how it could ex extract the parameters we need for the belief - net .", "summary": "problems: the existing data are appropriate only for preliminary work , as they do n't include intention-related information ."}
{"dialogue": "so . uh , wewe have to have this discussion of th the experiment , and the data collection , and all that sorta stuff so , we that 's part of what we 'll have to figure out .", "summary": "problems: on the other hand , the details of the experiments that will have to be designed to get more appropriate data are not clearcut and are yet to be settled ."}
