{"dialogue": "topic of this meeting is i wan na talk a little bit about transcription . so , well w shall we move on and talk a little bit about transcription then ? isand so one of the things was to get an estimate of how long it would take , and then also what tools we would use . and so the next decision which has to be made actually pretty soon is how are we gon na do it ? i mean , i looked at cyber transcriber", "summary": "abstract: the berkeley meeting recorder group discussed the aims , methods , timing , and outsourcing issues concerning transcription of the meeting recorder corpus ."}
{"dialogue": "what we 're using right now is a tool , um , from this french group , called `` transcriber `` so as far as i 'm concerned those transcription conventions are fixed right now . andbut so in terms of the con the conventions , then , <breath> uh , basically , <breath> uh , it 's strictly orthographic so i havei have a convention of putting like a dash <breath> arrow just to indicate that this person 's utterance continues .", "summary": "abstract: the transcriber software tool was introduced , along with a set of transcription conventions for coding different speech events ."}
{"dialogue": "these are linguistics grad students . but we can pay a graduate student seven dollars an hour .", "summary": "abstract: the prospect of sending the data to an external transcription service was weighed against that of hiring a graduate student transcriber pool ."}
{"dialogue": "so that means that even if it takes them thirty times real time it 's cheaper toto do graduate students . i mean , that 's why i said originally , that i could n't imagine sending it out 's gon na be cheaper .", "summary": "abstract: it was tentatively decided that the latter option would be less costly and allow bmr to maintain greater control over the transcription process ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things .", "summary": "abstract: methods for distributing the data were briefly discussed , along with an initiative for creating a bmr project website ."}
{"dialogue": "and then get an update on the electronics , um , let 's move on to electronics .", "summary": "abstract: the group received an update on the meeting room recording setup and electronics ."}
{"dialogue": "cuz they 're distributing it through the ldc . maybe we shouldmaybe we should get a copy of it just to see what they did soso that we canwe can compare . csae . corpus of spoken american english .", "summary": "decisions: the group will obtain a copy of the corpus of spoken american english ( csae ) from the ldc to compare the methods and conventions used by uc santa barbara with those being considered for the meeting recorder project ."}
{"dialogue": "so i mean , i 've been sort of playing with , uh , different ways of mar cuz i 'm thinking , you know , i mean , if you could get optimal instructions you could cut back on the number of hours it would take . so i think though it 's a good proposal to be used on a newa new batch of text that i have n't yet done yet in the same meeting . could use it on the next segment of the text . i could generate the segmentation andand you could do the words , and time yourself on it .", "summary": "decisions: speakers fe008 and me011 will experiment with pre-segmentation procedures in hopes of facilitating the transcription process ."}
{"dialogue": "so what we wanted to do was have jane do basically one meeting 's worth , you know , forty minutes to an hour ,", "summary": "decisions: speaker fe008 will perform the transcription for one meeting ( 40-60 minutes of data ) as a pilot project ."}
{"dialogue": "i hope it 's jane . yeah , no , thatii would be interested in thatin becoming involved in the project in some aspect like that", "summary": "decisions: a tentative decision was made to put speaker fe008 in charge of the in-house transcription effort ."}
{"dialogue": "we could program that pretty easily , areare those d delays adjustable ? could you get it so that withso it wouldit would detect volume on a channel and insert a marker ? sure . so if we wantif we didif we did something like programmed in a delay , which actually i think is a great idea , um , i 'm sure they would want that incorporated back in . and i said , well , maybe . and they havethey 've actually asked if we are willing to do any development well , so anyway , are we interested then in writing tools to try to generate any of this stuff automatically ?", "summary": "decisions: modifications to the transcriber source code , e.g . adjusting the delay between the audio play function and the inputting of time boundaries , may be undertaken by the bmr group ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things . i think mostly internal . we could do an ht access which would accommodate those things .", "summary": "decisions: an initiative for creating an internal bmr project website was discussed , along with ideas for providing web access to external organizations , such as the university of washington ."}
{"dialogue": "well i can build a cabinet .", "summary": "decisions: a cabinet will be built to house wires and other electronic equipment used in the recording setup ."}
{"dialogue": "which is to say just laptop with a wireless . so we certainly could use that asas a constant reminder of what the vu meters are doing .", "summary": "decisions: a laptop and wireless modem will be avaiable to participants for monitoring the recording progress ."}
{"dialogue": "andand so how we do we distribute the transcripts , how do we distribute the audio files , butbut so should we do it in the same format as ldc", "summary": "problems: how should transcripts and corresponding audio files be formatted and distributed ?"}
{"dialogue": "they 're never gon na be able to do a meeting like this . and soso what i 'm saying is that if we hire an external service i think we can expect three hundred dollars an hour . who knows if they 're gon na be able to m manage multal multiple channel data ? they wo n't . i mean , that 's why i said originally , that i could n't imagine sending it out 's gon na be cheaper .", "summary": "problems: external transcription services are expensive , difficult to monitor , and are unlikely to be able to handle multi-channel data ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "problems: it is unclear which levels of transcription should be encoded ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's some interesting human factors problems like , <breath> yeah , what span ofof time is it useful to segment the thing into in order to uh , transcribe it the most quickly .", "summary": "problems: what size of segment is most useful for doing transcriptions ?"}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "problems: which level of segmentation is most suitable for the aims of the project ?"}
{"dialogue": "um , the user interface only allows two . and so ifif you 're using their interface to specify overlapping speakers you can only do two . it 's just there 's no user interface for specifying multipleany more than two .", "summary": "problems: transcriber 's interface only allows the user to view two overlapping speakers ."}
{"dialogue": "no , but w certainly one of the issues isis the , uhis security .", "summary": "problems: decisions must be made regarding the security of electronic recording equipment ."}
