{"dialogue": "um , but i 'd rather try to get more regular meetings of types that we know about , and hear , then sort of a mish - mosh of a bunch of oneone - time", "summary": "abstract: the berkeley meeting recorder group discussed research aims and corresponding concerns for future data collection ."}
{"dialogue": "and in that uh , regard , i thought we definitely w will needit 'd b it 'd be nice for us to have a bunch of data from a few different domains , or a few different kinds of meetings . um , but i 'd rather try to get more regular meetings of types that we know about , and hear , then sort of a mish - mosh of a bunch of oneone - time but also data where we hold some parameters constant or fairly similar , uh , for other kinds of research , particularly the acoustic oriented research , i actually feel the opposite need . i 'd like to have many different speakers . so , um i think i would also very much like us to have a fair amount of really random scattered meetings , of somebody coming down from campus , andand uh , i 'd love to get people that are not linguists or engineers , cuz these are both weird", "summary": "abstract: it was agreed that a substantial amount of meeting data is required from different domains , and comprising several speakers , to perform the types of discourse and acoustic analyses desired ."}
{"dialogue": "i have , eh , < clears throat > the result of my work during the last days . it 's a real problem , a frequently problemuh , because you have overlapping zones eh , eh , eh , all the time . but , eh , my idea is , eh , is very interesting toto workinin the line of , eh , automatic segmenter . no , iiplan to do that . now , <mouth> eh , i need ehm , <mouth> to detect eh all the overlapping zones exactly . so the first thing is for you toto build up something that will detect the overlaps .", "summary": "abstract: ongoing efforts by speaker mn005 to automaticallydetect regions of speaker overlap were considered ."}
{"dialogue": "i would take just a few features . instead of taking all the mfcc 's , or all the plp 's or whatever , i would just take a couple . uh , and uh on the other hand , the lpc residual , the energy in the lpc residual , <breath> will say how well , uh <breath> the low - order lpc <breath> model 's fitting it , which should be <breath> pretty poorly for two two or more <breath> people speaking at the same time , and it should be pretty well , for w forfor one . well , thatthatthat 's another reason why very simple features , things like energy , and thingsthings like harmonicity , and <breath> residual energy are uh , yeah areare better to use than very complex ones because they 'll be more reliable .", "summary": "abstract: it was suggested that speaker mn005 focus on a small set of acoustic parameters , e.g . energy and harmonics-related features , to distinguish regions of overlap from those containing the speech of just one speaker ."}
{"dialogue": "and <breath> then um , i guess another topic would be <breath> where are we in the whole disk resourcesquestion", "summary": "abstract: disk space issues were discussed ."}
{"dialogue": "um and then also anonymity , how we want to anonymize the data . the question becomes what symbol are you gon na put in there for everybody 's name , and whether you 're gon na put it in the text where he says `` hey roger `` or are we gon na put that person 's anonymized name in instead ? because if we made thethe transcript be the tag that we 're using for roger , someone who had the transcript and the audio would then have a mapping between the anonymized name and the real name , and we wan na avoid that . um , how important is it for a person to be identified by first name versus full name ? however , taking one step further back , they 'd be identifiable anyway , even if we changed all the names . on the other hand , this is a smallthis is a small pool , and people who say things about topic x e who are researchers and well - known in the field , they 'll be identifiable and simply from thefrom the first name . now , it would be very possible for me to take those data put them in ain a study , and just change everybody 's name for the purpose of the publication . and within that , it may be that it 's sufficient to not uh change theto not incorporate anonymization yet , but always , always in the publications we have to .", "summary": "abstract: and , finally , the problem of speaker anonymization was explored ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i think that , umi think that the only thing we should say in the advertisement is that the meeting should be held in english .", "summary": "decisions: recordings must be of existing meetings that are conducted in english ."}
{"dialogue": "so i wasi was thinking more in terms of talking to professors uh , andandand uh , senior uh , uh , d and uh , doctoral students who are leading projects and offering to them that they have theirhold their meeting down here . i mean , ititi think that if we 're aiming atat uh , groups of graduate students and professors and so forth who are talking about things together , and it 's from the berkeley campus , probably most of it will be ok , and my point in m in my note to liz was i think that undergrads are an iff iffy population .", "summary": "decisions: participants should ideally consist of professors and doctoral students , but no undergraduate students , who are willing to record their meetings at icsi ."}
{"dialogue": "and in that uh , regard , i thought we definitely w will needit 'd b it 'd be nice for us to have a bunch of data from a few different domains , or a few different kinds of meetings . i 'd like to have many different speakers . so , um i think i would also very much like us to have a fair amount of really random scattered meetings , of somebody coming down from campus , andand uh , i 'd love to get people that are not linguists or engineers , cuz these are both weird", "summary": "decisions: the meeting recorder corpus should comprise data from a large number of speakers representing different domains ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "decisions: attempts should also be made to optimize the speaker population for generating good language models ."}
{"dialogue": "um , i had ai spoke with some people up at haas business school who volunteered . should i pursue that ? oh , definitely , yeah .", "summary": "decisions: speaker me011 will pursue volunteers from the haas business school to record their weekly meetings at icsi ."}
{"dialogue": "the o the o the otherthe other thing is , uh , that wewe talked about is give to themuh , burn an extra cd - rom . we could burn it after it 's been cleared with the transcript stage . so , after the transcript screening phase .", "summary": "decisions: a tentative decision was made to offer participants a recorded version of their meeting on a cd rom once the transcript screening phase is complete for that meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "if you have people who are using english as aas an interlanguage because theythey don'tuh , they ca n't speak in their native languages andbut their interlanguage is n't really a match to any existing , uh , language model ,", "summary": "problems: non-native speakers with a low proficiency in english are problematic for language modelling ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , i we realized in discussion that the other thing is , what about this business of distant and close microphones ? if you 're talking about something simple , where you throw away a lot of these dimensions , then you can do that right away .", "summary": "problems: the prospect of creating another recording setup requires the elimination certain more complicated dimensions of the existing setup , e.g . the use of close-talking and far-field microphones ."}
{"dialogue": "then , uh , it seems to me thatwell , maybe iuh it seems to me that if you change the name , the transcript 's gon na disagree with the audio , and you wo n't be able to use that . ok , well , but then there 's this issue of if we 're gon na use this for a discourse type of thing , thenand , you know , liz was mentioning stuff in a previous meeting about gaze direction and who 'swho 's the addressee and all , then to have `` roger `` be the thing in the utterance and then actually have the speaker identifier who was `` roger `` be `` frank `` , that 's going to be really confusing and make it pretty much useless for discourse analysis .", "summary": "problems: speaker anonymization poses problems for the transcription proccess , and also discourse analysis , as it makes it more difficult to track who is speaking and to whom a particular utterance is being addressed ."}
{"dialogue": "well , the current one they do n't do speaker identity . and so in their current conventions there are no multiple speaker conventions .", "summary": "problems: as the current version of transcriptions does not include speaker identification labels , no multiple speaker transcription conventions are in use ."}
