{"dialogue": "and the other one is , um , uh , is there some good use that we can make of the transcribers to do other things ? oneone was uh , we had s had some discussion in the past about some very high level labelings , um , the other thing is thatthere was a number of things at the transcription side that , um , transcribers can do , like dialogue act tagging ,", "summary": "abstract: the berkeley meeting recorder group discussed recording equipment and setup issues , recent developments in the transcription effort , other potential types of tagging to be assigned to transcribers , and the post-processing of waveforms ."}
{"dialogue": "and actually in addition to that , that thethe close talking mikes are worn in such a way as to best capture the signal . so it 's towards the corner of your mouth so that breath sounds do n't get on it . but if we could actually standardize , you know , thethe microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . but have them all be the same mike . it 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . it 's really < mike noise > it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view so we might as well get it as uniform as we can . and , uh , also dan ellis 's innovation of the , uhthe multi - channel to here really helped a r a lot in terms of clearingclearing up h hearings that involve overlaps .", "summary": "abstract: the discussion was largely focused on efforts to facilitate transcriptions , including the improvement of strategies for transcribing overlapping speech , and achieving greater uniformity in the type of equipment used during recordings and the manner in which recording devices are worn by speakers ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , well one thing i was gon na say was that , um , i we could get more , uh , of the head mounted microphones so why do n't we just go out andand get an order ofof but have them all be the same mike . so we might as well get it as uniform as we can .", "summary": "decisions: to achieve greater uniformity in across-speaker recording conditions , the group decided to purchase three additional head-mounted microphones ."}
{"dialogue": "i guess i wanted to , um , sort of make a pitch for trying to collect more meetings . because i think it 'd be good ifif we can get a few different sort of non - internal types of meetings", "summary": "decisions: future work will include recording more varied meeting data from non-icsi discussion groups ."}
{"dialogue": "but that , um , it would be helpful if i can stay in the loop somehow with , um , people who are doing any kind of post - processing ,", "summary": "decisions: it was proposed by speaker fe016 that better communication be established between researchers involved in post-processing of the waveform and asr ."}
{"dialogue": "it adds this extra , you know , vari variable for each speaker toto deal with when the microphones are n't similar .", "summary": "problems: use of dissimilar microphones adds an extra , unwanted variable to individual speaker recordings ."}
{"dialogue": "but if we could actually standardize , you know , thethe microphones , uh , as much as possible that would be really helpful . it 's the equipment and also how it 's worn . it 's really < mike noise > it makes a big difference from the transcribers ' point of view", "summary": "problems: similarly , differences in the type of recording equipment used and the manner in which microphones are worn by speakers causes problems for the transcription effort ."}
{"dialogue": "but if you 're d i the kind of person who 's doing array processing you actually care about funny little times . andand so you actually wou would want to have a completely different set up than we have , is there an interest in getting video recordings for these meetings ? yes , absolutely . but it 's exactly the same problem , that you have an infrastructure problem , they were interested in ours . and , uh , it is related to ours .", "summary": "problems: setting up a microphone array and performing video recordings ( in a possible collaboration with nist ) are problematic due to the types of changes in infrastructure they require ."}
{"dialogue": "but there could be problems , right ? with that . then for forced alignment we actually do n't know whereyou know , in the signal the transcriber heard that word . th - but there 's going to be a real problem , uh , even if we chop up based on speech silence these , uh , the transcripts from i b m , we do n't actually know where the words were , which segment they belonged to .", "summary": "problems: ibm 's single-channel approach to transcriptions may pose problems for the post-processing of waveforms and forced alignments , as the group foresees difficulties in referencing chopped segments back to the original times / locations from which they were extracted ."}
{"dialogue": "so the problem is like , uh , on the microphone of somebody who 's not talking they 're picking up signals from other peopleand that 's <breath> causing problems ?", "summary": "problems: another post-processing problem involves cross-talk , and , in particular , situations in which a speaker whose contributions to the discussion are relatively sparse but whose microphone picks up signals from the other speakers ."}
