{"dialogue": "the other topic i was thinking of was the sta status on microphones and channels , and all that . um , the new microphones , the two new ones are in . so what we would do is replace the wired mikes with wireless . and so we could replace our wired mikes with wireless if we bought another base station and more wireless mikes . no , we 're just replacing the wiredthe two wired that are still working , along with a couple of the wired that are n't working , one of the wired that 's not working , with a wireless .", "summary": "abstract: the berkeley meeting recorder group discussed recording equipment issues , including the purchase of two additional headsets and the prospect of getting a new base station and a set of wireless microphones to replace those wired microphones currently in use ."}
{"dialogue": "but ithink it would come to about eleven hours that are finished uh , transcribing from them right now . the next step is tothat i 'm working on is to insure that the data are clean first , and then channelized . and also that we now incorporate these additional conventions that uh , liz requested in terms of um , umin terms of having a s a systematic handling of numbers , and acronyms which i had n't been specific about . that the mark - up is consistent all the way throughout ,", "summary": "abstract: speaker fe008 presented the current status on transcriptions , and explained procedures for cleaning up transcripts and ensuring they conform with set conventions ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , and iand i tried t to normalize uhuh the features , there 's loudness and modified loudness , um , within one channel , because they 're , <outbreath> yeah toto be able to distinguish between foreground and background speech .", "summary": "abstract: speaker mn014 briefly described his efforts to normalize loudness levels across speech channels to distinguish between foreground and background speech ."}
{"dialogue": "i wan na talk a little bit about gettinghow we 're gon na to get people to edit bleeps , parts of the meeting that they do n't want to include . the transcription part ? so i guess the next thing is this uhbleep editing . we need to provide the transcripts to every participant of every meeting to give them an opportunity to bleep out sections they do n't want . '' if you agree to participate you 'll have the opportunity to have anything ex anything excised , which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . `` there again you will be allowed to indicate any sections that you 'd prefer to have excised from the database , and they will m be removed both from the transcript and the recording . ``", "summary": "abstract: finally , the group discussed legal and procedural issues concerning the provision of transcripts to meeting participants for 'bleeping out ' any sections of speech they want excluded from the meeting recorder database ."}
{"dialogue": "`` if you agree to participate you 'll have the opportunity to have anything ex anything excised , which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . `` and they will m be removed both from the transcript and the recording . `` there again you will be allowed to indicate any sections that you 'd prefer to have excised from the database , again let 's you know , sort of circulate thethe wording on each of these things and get it right ,", "summary": "decisions: the consent form issued to subjects prior to meetings will be revised to make more explicit details concerning access to transcripts and the ability of subjects to mark sections of meetings for exclusion from the database ."}
{"dialogue": "so what we would do is replace the wired mikes with wireless . and so we could replace our wired mikes with wireless if we bought another base station and more wireless mikes . no , we 're just replacing the wiredthe two wired that are still working , along with a couple of the wired that are n't working , one of the wired that 's not working , with a wireless .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to replace wired microphones with a wireless setup , i.e . a new base station and set of wireless microphones ."}
{"dialogue": "well we should talk to them about it because i know that sri is also in the process of looking at stuff , and so , you know , what we should try to keep everyoneon the same page with that .", "summary": "decisions: efforts will be made to ensure that recording conventions are consistent across icsi , the university of washington , and sri ."}
{"dialogue": "in listening tosome of these meetings that have already been recorded there are sometimes big spikes on particular things ,", "summary": "problems: some of the meeting recordings contain spikes ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "problems: it was surmised that such disturbances are probably due to the connectors attached to a set of wired microphones in use ."}
{"dialogue": "areare people going to be allowed to bleep out sections of a meeting where they were n't speaking ? so that means other people are editing what you say ?", "summary": "problems: with respect to editing bleeps , should participants be allowed to edit out others ' speech ?"}
{"dialogue": "but i really think we wan na make it the rare incidence . andand uh , i am just a little worried about making it so easy for people to do ,", "summary": "problems: it was suggested that making transcripts available to all of the subjects involved might make it too easy for them to edit out sections of meetings , whereas the bias should be to ensure that editing bleeps occur only rarely in the database ."}
