{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: the berkley meeting recorder project is well underway , and this meeting discusses the progress and ongoing issues ."}
{"dialogue": "because <inbreath> it occurred to me that this is late may and the darpa meeting is inmid july . i mean in particular i wouldi would really hope that when we do this darpa meeting in july that we sort of havewe 'rewe 're into production mode , somehow um , we are gon na have this darpameeting in the middle of july , given that we 've beenwe 've given a couple public talks about it already , spaced by months and months , i think it 'd be pretty bad if we continued to say none of this is available .", "summary": "abstract: a pressing concern for the group is the darpa meeting in july , which is only a short time away , and for which they would like to have some progress ."}
{"dialogue": "and so he talked it over with the transcriber and the transcriber thought that the easiest thing for them would be if there was a beep and then the nu a number , a digit , and then a beep , uh , at the beginning of each one e e u uthe reason i 'm asking is because , uh , jane and i have just been talking , and she 's just been doing . <laugh> uh , e a , you know , further hiring of transcribers . and so we do n't sort of really know exactly what they 'll be doing , how long they 'll be doing it , and so forth , because right now she has no choice but to operate in the mode that we already have working . i hired two transcribers today . i 'm thinking of hiring another one , which willbecause we 've had a lot of attrition . yeah . so , um , uh , jane and adam and i had a meeting where we talked about the reorganization of thedirectory structure for all of the meeting for all the meeting recorder data .", "summary": "abstract: specifically , the group would like to have transcripts available , which would mean resolving legal issues for data use and on the basis of feedback from ibm get more transcription underway ."}
{"dialogue": "i know that we were gon na do something with the transcriber interface is one thing , well , we were gon na do a mock - up , like , question answering or something , i thought , i was gon na ask adam to , uh , say if he thought anymore about the demo stuff", "summary": "abstract: additionally they would also like to have the question answering mock-up and transcriber interface ready for then ."}
{"dialogue": "is there stuff that 's happened about , um , uh , thesri recognizer et cetera , y y you guys were doing a bunch of experiments with different front - ends and then with now thetheyou saw the note that the plp now is getting basically the same as the mfcc . um , it looks like the vocal tract length normalization is working beautifully , actually , because in all our previous experiments , we had theuh , you know , we were essentially cheating by having the , um , you know , the h the hand - segmentations as the basis of the recognition . and so now with thilo 's segmenter working so well , i think we shouldconsider doing a and eventhe good thing is that since you , um , have high recall , even if you have low precision cuz you 're over - generating , that 's good hashas , uh ? we justi think , just talked about this the other day , but h hashas anybody had a chance to try changing , uh , insertion penalty sort of things with thewith the , uh <breath> uh , using the tandem system input for the ? but the plp features workum , uh , you know , continue to improve the ,", "summary": "abstract: plp results for the front-end look good , with the group also reporting progress in segmentation: thilo 's segmenter will now be used and ways of improving performance investigated ;"}
{"dialogue": "but we did find that some of the features that , i gue jane would know about , that are expressing sort of the <breath> distance of , um , <mouth> boundaries from peaks in the utterance and <breath> somelocal , um , rangepitch range effects , like how close people are to their floor , are showing up in these classifiers , um , so we 're starting to see some patterns because the <breath> prosodic features arevery noisy and so youyou need a lot of data in order to model them .", "summary": "abstract: the classifier segmentation is progressing well , especially in the use of prosody for identifying interruption ."}
{"dialogue": "hashas , uh ? we justi think , just talked about this the other day , but h hashas anybody had a chance to try changing , uh , insertion penalty sort of things with thewith the , uh <breath> uh , using the tandem system input for the ? as i said before , theuh using dan 's , uh , uh , vocal tract normalization option works very well . but the plp features workum , uh , you know , continue to improve the , well , but if you add them all up you have , uh , almost five percent difference now . and i think i agree with you that if we fixed lots of different things and they would all add up , we would probably have aaa competitive system . but i think not that much of it is due to the front - end per se . i think maybe a couple percent of it is , as far as i can see from this . eh at this point i 'm as i mean , you knowe i 'm wondering is itcan we expect , uh , a tandem system to do better than a properly trainedyou know , a gaussian system trained directly on the features with , you know , the right ch choice ofparameters ?", "summary": "abstract: work on the front end continues , with improvements of 3-5 % being made ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , are we trying to do them < mike noise > in synchrony ? that might be fun . well , it 's < breath-laugh > it 'sit 's notyou know , it 's not gon na work out but we couldwe could just , uh , uh , see if we find a rhythm ,", "summary": "decisions: the group discussed how the digits should be recorded in the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , are we trying to do them < mike noise > in synchrony ? that might be fun . but we couldwe could just , uh , uh , see if we find a rhythm , well , it 's < breath-laugh > it 'sit 's notyou know , it 's not gon na work out", "summary": "decisions: in the end they decided to record these in unison for all of the meeting participants as a whole ."}
{"dialogue": "and so now with thilo 's segmenter working so well , i think we shouldconsider doing a so we do need some kind of pre - segmentation . we shouldwe should consider doing some extra things , like , um , you know , retraining or adapting the <breath> the models for background noise to theto this environment , for instance . and , yeah , using thilo 's , you know , posteriors or some kind ofor", "summary": "decisions: to improve the performance of thilo 's automatic segmenter , this is going to be retrained and adapted to run with thilo 's posteriors and speaker background models ."}
{"dialogue": "and so he talked it over with the transcriber e e u uthe reason i 'm asking is because , uh , jane and i have just been talking , and she 's just been doing . <laugh> uh , e a , you know , further hiring of transcribers . and so we do n't sort of really know exactly what they 'll be doing , how long they 'll be doing it , and so forth , because right now she has no choice but to operate in the mode that we already have working . you know , that wewe actually <breath> have a stream going and we know howhow well it does and howand how it operates . i hired two transcribers today . i 'm thinking of hiring another one , which willbecause we 've had a lot of attrition . but if we hire f you know , f we have five on stafffive or six on staff at any given time , then <inbreath> it 's a small enough number so we can be flexible either way .", "summary": "decisions: regarding transcription , no new transcribers will be employed until situation regarding ibm is clarified ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean in particular i wouldi would really hope that when we do this darpa meeting in july that we sort of havewe 'rewe 're into production mode , somehow you know , that wewe actually <breath> have a stream going and we know howhow well it does and howand how it operates . right . so we can s wewe wan na be able to say `` here is a subset that is available right now `` and that 's has been through the legal issues and so forth . and they do n't have to approve , you know , th an edited version , they can just give their approval to whatever version well , in principle , yes . but , i mean , i ififif somebody actually did get into some legal issue with it then we yeah . but th i mean , the editing will continue . presumably ifif s errors are found , they will be fixed , i ityou know , there there is a point at which i agree it becomes ridiculous unfortunately , uh , inin the sign thing that they signed , it says `` transcripts `` . '' you 'll beyou 'll be provided the transcripts when they 're available . `` so letlet me just suggest that <inbreath> uh , off - line that , uh , the people involved figure it out and take care of it before it 's july .", "summary": "decisions: legal issues surrounding the approval and signing off of transcripts by participants has proved to be very complicated , and so will be sorted out off line by those involved by july ."}
{"dialogue": "and , <breath> for instance , uh , dan @ @ dan just sent me a message saying that cmu used , um , <mouth> something like ten gaussians per cluster you know , eacheach mixture has tengaussians hmm . we 're using sixty - four , so that 's <breath> obviously a big difference and give very poorly trained , uh , you know , gaussians that way , the turn - around time on the training when we train only thea male system with , uh , you know , our small training set , is <breath> less than twenty - four hours ,", "summary": "decisions: after finding discrepancies with the cmu researchers , the icsi group have decided to tune the size of their gaussian system ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah . <inbreath> ii would actually double check with stephane at this point , yeah . it 's hard with features , cuz you do n't know what they should look like . i mean , you ca n't just , like , print thethe values out in ascii and , you know , look at them , see if they 're not unless you had a lot of time", "summary": "decisions: after raising the difficulty of checking for bugs in their generation of tandem features , they decide to check with stephane who has more experience of these procedures ."}
{"dialogue": "i was gon na ask adam to , uh , say if he thought anymore about the demo stuff because <inbreath> it occurred to me that this is late may and the darpa meeting is inmid july . i know that we were gon na do something with the transcriber interface is one thing , well , we were gon na do a mock - up , like , question answering or something , i thought , i mean in particular i wouldi would really hope that when we do this darpa meeting in july that we sort of havewe 'rewe 're into production mode , somehow yeah . so , um , uh , jane and adam and i had a meeting where we talked about the reorganization of thedirectory structure for all of the meeting for all the meeting recorder data . um , we are gon na have this darpameeting in the middle of july , given that we 've beenwe 've given a couple public talks about it already , spaced by months and months , i think it 'd be pretty bad if we continued to say none of this is available . right . so we can s wewe wan na be able to say `` here is a subset that is available right now ``", "summary": "problems: for the darpa meeting in july , the group propose that they should have the question answering mock-up and transcriber interface ready for then , and also have data available ."}
{"dialogue": "so letlet me just suggest that <inbreath> uh , off - line that , uh , the people involved figure it out and take care of it before it 's july . '' you 'll beyou 'll be provided the transcripts when they 're available . `` unfortunately , uh , inin the sign thing that they signed , it says `` transcripts `` . i ityou know , there there is a point at which i agree it becomes ridiculous yeah . but th i mean , the editing will continue . presumably ifif s errors are found , they will be fixed , well , in principle , yes . but , i mean , i ififif somebody actually did get into some legal issue with it then we and they do n't have to approve , you know , th an edited version , they can just give their approval to whatever version and that 's has been through the legal issues and so forth .", "summary": "problems: unfortunately , there are legal issues regarding the approval of transcripts ."}
{"dialogue": "because right now she has no choice but to operate in the mode that we already have working . you know , that wewe actually <breath> have a stream going and we know howhow well it does and howand how it operates . i hired two transcribers today . i 'm thinking of hiring another one , which willbecause we 've had a lot of attrition . butbut actually i it 's so correct for so much of the time , that it 's an enormous time saver and it just gets tweaked a little around the boundaries . thethethe pre - segmentations are so muchare s so extremely helpful . wha - what you 'd really like is that they started with pre - segmented and were pre - segmented all the way through . yeah . as long as we have a record , i guess , of the originalautomatic one , we can always find out how wellwe would do fr from the recognition side by using those boundaries . well , le let me put in another sort of a milestone kind ofasas i did with the , uh , uhthethe pipeline .", "summary": "problems: additionally , the group would like to have their data transcriptions in `` production mode '' by then ."}
{"dialogue": "e e u uthe reason i 'm asking is because , uh , jane and i have just been talking , and she 's just been doing . <laugh> uh , e a , you know , further hiring of transcribers . and so we do n't sort of really know exactly what they 'll be doing , how long they 'll be doing it , and so forth , because right now she has no choice but to operate in the mode that we already have working .", "summary": "problems: however the group do not want to hire more transcribers until ibm confirms in the next 2-3 weeks the acceptability of the data ."}
{"dialogue": "because in all our previous experiments , we had theuh , you know , we were essentially cheating by having the , um , you know , the h the hand - segmentations as the basis of the recognition . and so now with thilo 's segmenter working so well , i think we shouldconsider doing a", "summary": "problems: segmentation for the recogniser has been done by hand which the group consider `` cheating '' , instead now they want to use thilo 's automatic segmenter ."}
{"dialogue": "because we could n't use the non - nativeall non - native meetings and <breath> it 's , well , probably below threshold on enough data for us for the things we 're looking at because the <breath> prosodic features arevery noisy and so youyou need a lot of data in order to model them .", "summary": "problems: the classifier segmentation work is going well , but needs more data to improve results since non-native speaker data can not be used ."}
{"dialogue": "you know , chuck and i talked and the @ @ next thing to do is probably to tune theum , the size of the gaussian system , um , @ @ toto thisto this feature vector , which we have n't done at all . we just used the same <breath> configuration as we used for the <breath> for the standard system . and , <breath> for instance , uh , dan @ @ dan just sent me a message saying that cmu used , um , <mouth> something like ten gaussians per cluster you know , eacheach mixture has tengaussians hmm . we 're using sixty - four , so that 's <breath> obviously a big difference and give very poorly trained , uh , you know , gaussians that way , the turn - around time on the training when we train only thea male system with , uh , you know , our small training set , is <breath> less than twenty - four hours , but the plp features workum , uh , you know , continue to improve the , as i said before , theuh using dan 's , uh , uh , vocal tract normalization option works very well .", "summary": "problems: for the front-end , so far the group have been using a high number of gaussians per cluster ( 64 ) rather than the ten per cluster used by researchers at cmu , therefore they need to tune their gaussian system to the feature vector ."}
{"dialogue": "but there the main point is that , um , you know , it took us a while but we have the procedure for coupling the two systems <inbreath> debugged now andi mean , there 's still conceivably some bug somewhere in the way we 're feeding the tandem features uh , either generating them or feeding them to thisto the <breath> sri system , thatthati think that 'sthisthat 's essentially the same as we use with the ce with the p l p fe features . yeah . there could be a bug inin thesomewhere before that . yeah . <inbreath> ii would actually double check with stephane at this point , yeah . it 's hard with features , cuz you do n't know what they should look like . i mean , you ca n't just , like , print thethe values out in ascii and , you know , look at them , see if they 're not unless you had a lot of time", "summary": "problems: the groupobserved that it would be difficult to check for bugs in the generation of tandem features for the sri system ."}
