{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: this meeting mainly outlines the progress of the meeting recorder project ."}
{"dialogue": "well , maybe uh , since thatthat was a pretty short one , maybe we should talk about the ibm transcription status . so , we , uhwe did another version of the beeps , where we separated each beeps with a spoken digit . ii hirei 've hired two extra people already , expect to hire two more . which are now being edited by my head transcriber , <breath> in terms of spelling errors and all that . she 's also checking through and mar and <breath> and monitoring , um , the transcription of another transcriber . andand you indicated to me that we have a g a goal now , <breath> for thefor the , um , <click> <breath> the , uh , darpa demo , of twenty hours . so , i 'm gon na go up to twenty hours , be sure that everything gets processed , and released , andand that 'sthat 's what my goal is . but i guess the other thing is that , um , thatthat 's kinda twenty hours asap because the longer before the demo we actually have the twenty hours , the more time it 'll be for people to actually do cool things with it . yeah , i mean , i guess theso the difference ifif , um , if the ibm stuff works out , the difference in the job would be that they p primarily would be checking through things that were already done by someone else ?", "summary": "abstract: in particular , the group discuss their preparation of materials for the transcriptions of digits by ibm , and also the human transcribers who are working towards preparing the set of 20 for the darpa meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "n i 'm successfully , uh , increasing the error rate . we 've always viewed it , anyway , as the major difference between the two , is actually in the smoothing , that thethat the , um , <inbreath> plp , andand the reason plp has been advantageous in , uh , slightly noisy situations is because , <inbreath> plp does the smoothing at the end by an auto - regressive model ,", "summary": "abstract: other discussion focuses on the re-evaluation of recognition without cheating on segmentation , and also how sri recognition can be improved , especially for the female group ."}
{"dialogue": "and the , uhporzeland the , uh , smartkom group are collecting some dialogues . i mean , i do n't care what directory tree you have it under . well , butbut , <mouth> i put it under the same directory tree . and just simply in the file you mark somewhere that this is this type of interaction , rather than another type of interaction . we 're aboutwe 're about halfhalfway through our disk right now . well , but you can have it nw archive toyou can have , <inbreath> uh , a non - backed - up disk nw archived ,", "summary": "abstract: a number of issues regarding the management of data are addressed by the group:"}
{"dialogue": "and the , uhporzeland the , uh , smartkom group are collecting some dialogues . it 's just that it 's , you know , different directory , it 's called something different , it 's and just simply in the file you mark somewhere that this is this type of interaction , rather than another type of interaction . i mean , i do n't care what directory tree you have it under . well , butbut , <mouth> i put it under the same directory tree . we 're aboutwe 're about halfhalfway through our disk right now . well , but you can have it nw archive toyou can have , <inbreath> uh , a non - backed - up disk nw archived ,", "summary": "abstract: the inclusion of different data types in the corpus , and the storage and back-up of the group 's data ."}
{"dialogue": "butbut , uh , probably , if we had to pick somethingthat we would talk on for ten minutes or so while they 're coming here . or i guess it would be , you think , reorganization status , i mean , i think , chuck was the one who added out the agenda item . i do n't really have anything to say other than that we still have n't done it . so , naming conventions and things like that , that i 've been trying to keep actually up to date . and i 've been sharing them with u - d uw folks also .", "summary": "abstract: progress has been made in naming conventions , with file reorganisation to be done at a later date , however this was not discussed fully due to chuck 's absence ."}
{"dialogue": "so , is there something quick about absinthethat you ? and got <mouth> <inbreath> a speedup roughly proportional to the number of processors times the clock cycle . but thewhat it means is that it 's likely that for net training and forward passes , we 'llabsinthe will be a good machine . especially if we get a few more processors and upgrade the processors .", "summary": "abstract: finally , absinthe is now up and running with improved performance ."}
{"dialogue": "so i guess the other thing that we were gon na talk about isis , uh , demo . and , um , so , these are the demos for theuh , july , uh , meetingand , umdarpa mee but maybe , uhmaybe we 'll just put that off for now , given that but i think maybe we should have aa sub - meeting , i think , uh , probably , uh , adam andand , uh , chuck and me should talk aboutshould get together and talk about that sometime soon .", "summary": "abstract: discussion of demos for the july darpa meeting were left to the individuals concerned ."}
{"dialogue": "and the , uhporzeland the , uh , smartkom group are collecting some dialogues . i mean , i do n't care what directory tree you have it under . well , butbut , <mouth> i put it under the same directory tree . and just simply in the file you mark somewhere that this is this type of interaction , rather than another type of interaction .", "summary": "decisions: a number of data issues were resolved:"}
{"dialogue": "and the , uhporzeland the , uh , smartkom group are collecting some dialogues . basically they have one person sitting in here , looking at a picture , and a wizard sitting in another room somewhere . and , uh , they 're doing a travel task . but it starts where the wizard is pretending to be a computer and it goes through a , uh , <breath> speech generation system . should this be part of the corpus or not ? and my attitude was yes , because there might be people who are using this corpus foracoustics , as opposed to just for language . we simulate a computer breakdown halfway through the session , and so then after that , the person 's told that they 're now talking to a , uhto a human . but of course they do n't know that it 's the same person both times . and i said , `` well that 's silly , ifif we 're gon na try to do it for a corpus , there might be people who are interested in acoustics . `` ii would not say it was part of the meetings corpus . so it 'sititi guess itthebegs the question of what is the meeting corpus . i think it 'sii thinki th think the idea of two or more people conversing with one another is key . well , this has two or more people conversing with each other . we give everyone who 's involved as their own user id , give it session i ds , <inbreath> let all the tools that handle meeting recorder handle it , or do we wan na special case it ? well , itit makes sense to handle it with the same infrastructure , since we do n't want to duplicate things unnecessarily . but as far as distributing it , we should n't label it as part of this meeting corpus . because we have , like , meetings that have a reason . andand thoseand this sounds like it 's more of an experimental setup . it 's scenario - based , it 'sit 's human - computer interface <inbreath> it 's really pretty different . it 's just that it 's , you know , different directory , it 's called something different , it 's and just simply in the file you mark somewhere that this is this type of interaction , rather than another type of interaction . well , i don i would n't call reading digits `` meetings `` . well , butbut , <mouth> i put it under the same directory tree . i mean , i do n't care what directory tree you have it under .", "summary": "decisions: after discussing the human-computer interaction smartkom data , the group decide that different types of data can be included in the meeting corpus , but that it should be structured into different directories according to data type ."}
{"dialogue": "well , but you can have it nw archive toyou can have , <inbreath> uh , a non - backed - up disk nw archived ,", "summary": "decisions: some of the data storage problems can be overcome by backing up using the nw archive ."}
{"dialogue": "and iand i think a crucial part of that is the idea ofof not wanting to do it until right before the next level zero back - up so that there wo n't be huge number ofof added ,", "summary": "decisions: however , file reorganisation will be left until just before zero-level back up ."}
{"dialogue": "um , or we could try some automated methods . and mymy tendency right now is , well , if ibm comes back with this meeting and the transcript is good , just let them do it . yeah , i mean , i guess theso the difference ifif , um , if the ibm stuff works out , the difference in the job would be that they p primarily would be checking through things that were already done by someone else ? we could let ibm transcribe it .", "summary": "decisions: the group decide to use ibm transcription of the digits , in addition to automatic methods ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i mean , i guess theso the difference ifif , um , if the ibm stuff works out , the difference in the job would be that they p primarily would be checking through things that were already done by someone else ?", "summary": "decisions: if ibm methods work , transcribers will check and comment these ."}
{"dialogue": "but maybe , uhmaybe we 'll just put that off for now , given that", "summary": "decisions: discussion of demos for the july meeting has been postponed: the individuals concerned will meet independently ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're aboutwe 're about halfhalfway through our disk right now . so , once everything gets converted over to the disks we 're supposed to be using we 'll be probably , uh , seventy - five percent . i 'm much more concerned about the backed - up . what about putting the stuff on , like , c - cd - rom or dvd or something ? i mean , when i say two or three years what i 'm saying is that i have had disks which are gone in a year . but , uhiiyou do n't want to per p have your only copy on a media that fails . soso how about putting them on that plus , like on aonon dat or some other medium that is n't risky ? icsi already has a perfectly good tape system and it 's more reliable . so for archiving , we 'll just use tape . but even without that , the back - up system is becoming saturated . butbut this back - up system is smart enough to figure out that something has n't changed and does n't need to bebacked - up again . well , but you can have it nw archive toyou can have , <inbreath> uh , a non - backed - up disk nw archived ,", "summary": "problems: disk space is an issue for the group , especially in terms of back-up , which is 75 % full: dvds or cds are unreliable and can not be used , and although tape is reliable , this creates access issues ."}
{"dialogue": "n i 'm successfully , uh , increasing the error rate . so , i mean i 'm just playing with , um , the number of gaussians that we use in thethe recognizer , and well , you have to sa you have totell people that you 'reyou 're doingyou 're trying the tandem features . a and i 'm still tinkering with the plp features . that wasthat was before i tried it on the females . we had reached the point where , um , on the male portion of thedevelopment set , the , umor one of the development sets , i should say <inbreath> the , umthe male error rate with , uh , icsi plp features was pretty much identical with , uh , sri features . um , and the test data is callhome and switchboard . oh , and plus thethe vocal tractlength normalization didn'tactually made things worse . so something 's really seriously wrong . sobut you see , now , betweenbetween the males and the females , there 's certainly a much bigger difference in the scaling range , than there is , say , just within the males . d so the one thing that i then tried was to put in the low - pass filter , which we have in the so , mostmost hub - five systems actually band - limit theuh , at about , uh , thirty - seven hundred , um , hertz . although , you know , normally , i mean , the channel goes to fourfour thousand . umand it did n't hurt on the males either . oh , and suddenly , also the v the vocal tract length normalization only in the test se on the test data . maybe between one and two percent , um , for the females . we 're looking at the discrepancy between the sri system and the sri system when trained with icsi features . or maybeor maybe you 're doing one too many . no , but with baum - welch , there should n't be an over - fitting issue , really .", "summary": "problems: experimentation with the sri recognition have shown greater error when using tandem features , with vocal tract normalisation also making results worse ."}
{"dialogue": "that wasthat was before i tried it on the females . we had reached the point where , um , on the male portion of thedevelopment set , the , umor one of the development sets , i should say <inbreath> the , umthe male error rate with , uh , icsi plp features was pretty much identical with , uh , sri features . sobut you see , now , betweenbetween the males and the females , there 's certainly a much bigger difference in the scaling range , than there is , say , just within the males . d so the one thing that i then tried was to put in the low - pass filter , which we have in the umand it did n't hurt on the males either . oh , and suddenly , also the v the vocal tract length normalization only in the test se on the test data . maybe between one and two percent , um , for the females . we 're looking at the discrepancy between the sri system and the sri system when trained with icsi features . or maybeor maybe you 're doing one too many . no , but with baum - welch , there should n't be an over - fitting issue , really .", "summary": "problems: in particular more error is found with the female group which is 1-2 % worse than the males ."}
