{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: this meeting of the berkley meeting recorder group charts the progress of their project and covers ongoing issues as well as some new ones ."}
{"dialogue": "darpa demos ,", "summary": "abstract: the most pressing issue concerns the demos which the group are preparing for the darpa meeting next month ."}
{"dialogue": "but it does mean you need to be running a web server . and so itit 's pretty big and complex . uh and it would be difficult to port to windows uh the other option is dan did the tcl - tk thisl gui front - end for broadcast news and so i 've written some tools to convert everything into the right for file formats . and the command line version of the indexing and the querying is now working . so another idea i w t had just now actually for the demo was whether it might be of interest to sh to show some of the prosody uh <mouth> work that don 's been doing .", "summary": "abstract: here they discuss the querying and indexing tool which is progressing well albeit with a few front-end issues , and also the transcriber tool ."}
{"dialogue": "um i hired several more transcribers , they 're making great progress . uh i 've been uh finishing up the uh double checking .", "summary": "abstract: transcription is progressing well , with new people hired , and double checking almost complete ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're sort of doing things in parallel , especially for the information retrieval stuff .", "summary": "abstract: work is also going on in parallel with ibm ."}
{"dialogue": "um i spoke with dave johnson about putting all the meeting recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup and uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . so i guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , things that are recreatable easily and alsoyeah , basically things that are recreatable .", "summary": "abstract: additionally , the group have progressed further with data storage issues , with backing-up their data now regarded as a priority , and more disk space required ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 've been doing a bunch of xml tools yeah and then the other thing also that thilo noticed is , on the microphone , i mean this is why i wan na use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text thethe one that shows up here , that will flash yellow if the mike is n't connected .", "summary": "abstract: tools for accessing key file information have been developed which should ensure all meeting information is present ."}
{"dialogue": "good . crosspads ? who basically said `` if you 're not using them , could you return them ? `` wewe used them a couple times , wewe get somebody to buy into the idea of doing this as part of the task . uh part of the reasoni think part of the reason that adam was so interested in uh the speechcorder sort of f idea from the beginning is he said from the beginning he hated taking notes well if you wanted to do that maybe the right architecture for it is to get a pda with a wireless card . andand that way you can synchronize very easily with thethethe meeting i mean for whatwhat you 've been describing buttons would be even more convenient than anything else , maybe we could do like a student project , you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . i mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more", "summary": "abstract: the collection of crosspad note-taking data will be pursued in future meetings ."}
{"dialogue": "i know that uh that thilo you were , um , bringing the channeltrans interface onto the windows machine ? yeah it 'sitbasically it 's done , and then at the same time i 'll probably rewire the room as per jane 's suggestion w uhwe ordered uh more wireless , so that uh the first n channels are wireless , eh are the m the close - talking and the next n are far - field . i mean there 'sthere 's all this stuff going on uh between uh andreas andandand dave and chuck and others with various kinds of runs uh umrecognition runs , trying to figure things out about the features but it 'sit 's all sort of in process ,", "summary": "abstract: finally , other progress made includes getting the channeltrans interface working , ordering more wireless microphones , and analysing recognition runs ."}
{"dialogue": "s so when we here were having this demo meeting , what we 're sort of coming up with is that we wan na have all these pieces together , to first order , by the end of the month next month . uhthat 'llthat 'll give usthat 'll give us a week or so to uhto port things over to my laptop and make sure that works ,", "summary": "decisions: darpa demo illustrating prosody of meeting events will be completed by the end of the ( next ) month , so as to allow a week or so for transferring data across to laptops ."}
{"dialogue": "um i spoke with dave johnson about putting all the meeting recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup but he thought it was a bad idea . in fact what he said is doing the manual one , doing uh nw archive to copy itis a good idea and we should do that and have it backed up . he w he 's a firm believer inin lots of different modalities of backup . this data can not be recovered . and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup . if it 's stationary it 's not going to go through the increment it 's not gon na burden things in the incremental backups . justjust the monthly full . and we 're far enough away from saturation on full backups that it 's w probably ok . and uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . so i guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , things that are recreatable easily and alsoyeah , basically things that are recreatable .", "summary": "decisions: after consulting others , the group decide that not backing up their meeting data is a bad idea , since this can not be recovered ."}
{"dialogue": "in fact what he said is doing the manual one , doing uh nw archive to copy itis a good idea and we should do that and have it backed up . he w he 's a firm believer inin lots of different modalities of backup . this data can not be recovered . and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup . if it 's stationary it 's not going to go through the increment it 's not gon na burden things in the incremental backups . justjust the monthly full . and we 're far enough away from saturation on full backups that it 's w probably ok . and uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . so i guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , things that are recreatable easily and alsoyeah , basically things that are recreatable .", "summary": "decisions: therefore , meeting recorder data will be backed up , and also stored manually using the nw archive ."}
{"dialogue": "so i guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , things that are recreatable easily and alsoyeah , basically things that are recreatable . and uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings .", "summary": "decisions: more disk space will be purchased , however for now , data which is easily re-creatable will not be backed up ."}
{"dialogue": "uh part of the reasoni think part of the reason that adam was so interested in uh the speechcorder sort of f idea from the beginning is he said from the beginning he hated taking notes butuh by ii would suggest you return one . because wewe you know , wewe have n't used it at all . one would probably be fine . maybe we could do like a student project , you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . i mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more", "summary": "decisions: after evaluating the use of the crosspads , the group decide to return one , and also keep one which will be left out in meetings to encourage its use ."}
{"dialogue": "wewe get somebody to buy into the idea of doing this as part of the task . well if you wanted to do that maybe the right architecture for it is to get a pda with a wireless card . andand that way you can synchronize very easily with thethethe meeting i mean for whatwhat you 've been describing buttons would be even more convenient than anything else , maybe we could do like a student project , you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . i mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more", "summary": "decisions: use of pdas and buttons for note-taking will be investigated , along with using the data for a student research project ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean you hav sorta have to . yeah , so we might wan na do it simultaneous .", "summary": "decisions: because of time constraints , the group decide to do simultaneous digits ."}
{"dialogue": "but my intention is to do a prettier user interface based either but it does mean you need to be running a web server . and so itit 's pretty big and complex . uh and it would be difficult to port to windows uh the other option is dan did the tcl - tk thisl gui front - end for broadcast news", "summary": "problems: improving the thisl front-end user interface may be difficult if it is to run on windows as a web server tcl-tk may need to be used instead ."}
{"dialogue": "so yet again we should probably meet to talk about transcription formats in xml", "summary": "problems: more information on xml transcription formats is required for the creation of the tools ."}
{"dialogue": "oh , quick question on that . isdo we have the < clears throat > the seat information ? the seat information is on the key files for the ones which but i just had n't ever been putting it in the key files . i never knew we were supposed to put it in the key file . i mean this is why i wan na use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things . yeah and then the other thing also that thilo noticed is , on the microphone , on channel zero it says hand - held mike or crown mike , you actually have to say which one . and then uh also in a couple of places instead of filling the participants under `` participants `` they were filled in under `` description `` . thethe one that shows up here , that will flash yellow if the mike is n't connected .", "summary": "problems: information for key files , such as microphone type , seating , and participant information , is not being properly recorded , and in some cases the microphones are n't working properly ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean this is why i wan na use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things . yeah and then the other thing also that thilo noticed is , on the microphone , thethe one that shows up here , that will flash yellow if the mike is n't connected .", "summary": "problems: however this should be rectified by the use of appropriate xml tools ."}
{"dialogue": "wewe used them a couple times , and i haveuh so mymy feeling on it is that i think in principle it 's a really nice idea , and you have the time tags which makes it better tha than just taking ra raw notes . on the other hand , ithe down side for me was that i think the pen is really noisy . so that you canyou have a record of whatever it is you 've written . so i if you take notes it 's a great little device . and one of the reasons that it was brought up originally was because uh we were interested inin higher - level things , not just the , you know , microphone stuff but also summarization and so forth so that it 's synchronized with the time on that and then you have to download to an application , and then you have to figure out what the data formats are and convert it over if you wan na do anything with this information . and you do n't wan na take notes well , what if you 're sitting there and you just wan na make an x", "summary": "problems: the crosspads have not been used to their full potential , which is because of a number of problems regarding their use:"}
{"dialogue": "so that it 's synchronized with the time on that and then you have to download to an application , and then you have to figure out what the data formats are and convert it over if you wan na do anything with this information .", "summary": "problems: first , they need to be synchronised with the time of the meeting recording , and secondly , they use a non standard data format which needs converting ."}
{"dialogue": "and you do n't wan na take notes well , what if you 're sitting there and you just wan na make an x", "summary": "problems: additionally , some people tend not to make notes in meetings ."}
