{"dialogue": "so , i think this is gon na be a pretty short meeting because i have four agenda items ,", "summary": "abstract: this is a relatively short meeting of the meeting recorder group , with only a few agenda items ."}
{"dialogue": "three of them were requested by jane who is not gon na be at the meeting today . umwell first of all with ibm i got a note from brian yesterday saying that they finally made the tape for the thing that we sent them aweek or week and a half ago and hopefully next week we 'll have the transcription back from that . so we 're doing some in parallel .", "summary": "abstract: transcription was discussed briefly because jane was not present , however this appears to be progressing well in parallel with ibm ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 've been trying to keep a web page uh up to date f showing what the current status is of the trans of all the things we 've collected that 's the thing that i sent out just to foo people saying can you update these pages so jane also wanted to talk about participant approval , but i do n't really think there 's much to talk about . i 'm gon na send out to the participants , uh , with links to web pages which contain the transcripts and allow them tosuggest edits . so but it 's just transcripts , not thenot the audio ? nope , they 'll have access to the audio also . because the transcripts might not be right . so , um the audio that they 're gon na have access to , will that be the uncompressed version ? or will you have scripts that like uncompress the various pieces and yeah , it 'sit 's probably going to have to be the uncompressed versions because , uh , uh , it takes too long to do random access decompression .", "summary": "abstract: web pages have been set up to show transcription status and to allow participants to approve transcripts ."}
{"dialogue": "um , darpa demo status , not much to say . the back - end stuff is working out fine . and , also um , i was just showing andreas , i got um an x waves kind of display , and i do n't know how much more we can do with it with like the prosodic stuff where we have like stylized pitches and signals and the transcripts on the bottom", "summary": "abstract: darpa demos are progressing well with the back-end indexed to allow front-end filtering , and a potential demo ideas investigated which would use x waves ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've been putting together uh transcriber things for windows butbut it would be cool if the transcriber interface had like another window for theyou know , maybe above the waveform where it would show some arbitrary valued function that isthat is you know time synchron ti ti time synchronous with the wavform . and see the pitch contours also . just record the audio clip and show an image and i think that 's and , < clear throat > the more live , the better , but uh , given the crunch of time , we may have to retreat from it to some extent . so i thinkfor a lot of reasons , i think it would be very nice to have this transcriber interface be able to show some other interesting signal along with it", "summary": "abstract: transcriber is now working for windows , however live pitch contours may not work in the time available ."}
{"dialogue": "and the last i item on the agenda is disk issues yet again . we 'rewe 're only about thirty percent on the second disk . but we are like ninety five percent , ninety eight percent on the scratch disks for the expanded meetings .", "summary": "abstract: backed-up disk space is now fine , however temporary space is running out fast ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , you know dave johnson is gone for , like , ten days , i mean it 's just a question of figuring out where they should be and hanging them , so this is a question that 's pretty hard to solve without talking to dave , but at any rate i think that there 's athere 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need", "summary": "abstract: interim measures are discussed while sysadmin are away ."}
{"dialogue": "um yot i tested the uhthe sort of final version of the plp configuration um on development test data forfor this year 's hub - five test set . and the recognition performance was exactly , and i mean exactly up to theyou know , the first decimal , same as with the uh mel cepstra front - end . theythey werethe males i think were slightly better and the females were slightly worse but nothing really . and then the really nice thing was that ifif we combine the two systems we get a one and a half percent improvement .", "summary": "abstract: improvement has been made in the final version of the plp , which shows better female performance , and combined with mel ceptra offers 1.5 % improvement ."}
{"dialogue": "and then we had some results ondigits , uh , with um and the reason is basically there 's a whole bunch of read speech data in the hub - five training set .", "summary": "abstract: digit performance also improved thanks to training using scripted speech data ."}
{"dialogue": "and then i th guess chuck and i had some discussions about how to proceed with the tandem uh system", "summary": "abstract: progress has also been made in sri alignment for tandem system ."}
{"dialogue": "so something that we wan na do next meeting isis uh to put together um , a kind of reasonable list for ourselves of what is it , um , that we 've done . i mean just sort of bulletize i mean o e do do i cani can dream up text butthis is basically gon na lead to the annual report . so just a week from tomorrow ? umuhone thingi meanwe <inbreath> < clear throat > in past meetings we had um also a you know variousvariously talked about the um work that w uh was happening sort of on theon the recognition side well , it 's thatit 's just gon na be ver very boring for people who are not you know , sort of really interested in the details of the recognition system . well , ok , so how manyhow many people here would not be interested in uhin a meeting about recognition ? liz and jane probably . why do n't we alternate this meeting every other week ? but i do i don'ti mean a lot of times lately it seems like we do n't really have enough for a full meeting on meeting recorder . and then if we find , you know we 're just not getting enough done , there 's all these topics not coming up , then we can expand into another meeting . uh . so uh . um . let 's chat about it with liz and janewhen we get a chance , see what they think and", "summary": "abstract: the group note that the annual report needs to be worked on for next week , and it is also suggested to hold recognition meetings separately , however these issues will be discussed in more detail at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "because ii need to ask jane whether it 'sit would be ok for herum , s some of her people to transcribe uh some of the initial data we got from the smartkom data collection , which is these short like five or seven minute sessions . but to get going we would like some of the data transcribed right away so we can get started . and so um i wanted to ask jane ifif uh , you know , maybe one of their transcribers couldcould do i mean since these are very short , that should really be uh ,", "summary": "decisions: jane will be contacted to see whether transcribers could work on a small amount of smartkom data , in order to get the project moving ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll send it out to the list telling people to look at it .", "summary": "decisions: details of the transcription status web page will be sent to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "so jane also wanted to talk about participant approval , but i do n't really think there 's much to talk about . i 'm gon na send out to the participants , uh , with links to web pages which contain the transcripts and allow them tosuggest edits . so but it 's just transcripts , not thenot the audio ? nope , they 'll have access to the audio also . because the transcripts might not be right . so , um the audio that they 're gon na have access to , will that be the uncompressed version ? or will you have scripts that like uncompress the various pieces and yeah , it 'sit 's probably going to have to be the uncompressed versions because , uh , uh , it takes too long to do random access decompression . yeah , i was just wondering because we 're uh running out of the un - backed - up disk space on", "summary": "decisions: participants will be contacted to approve transcripts or suggest edits , however this depends upon decisions regarding disk space and ( un ) compression of audio files ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , you know dave johnson is gone for , like , ten days , i mean it 's just a question of figuring out where they should be and hanging them , so this is a question that 's pretty hard to solve without talking to dave , but at any rate i think that there 's athere 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need", "summary": "decisions: there are disk space problems regarding scratch space , although the group decide that a solution about adding extra drives can not be resolved without talking to sysadmin ."}
{"dialogue": "i have umi have an eighteen gig drive hanging off of my computer . i mean it 's just a question of figuring out where they should be and hanging them , so this is a question that 's pretty hard to solve without talking to dave , but at any rate i think that there 's athere 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need", "summary": "decisions: until they can be contacted , the group will use the hard drives on each other 's machines ."}
{"dialogue": "butbut it would be cool if the transcriber interface had like another window for theyou know , maybe above the waveform where it would show some arbitrary valued function that isthat is you know time synchron ti ti time synchronous with the wavform . and see the pitch contours also . just record the audio clip and show an image and i think that 's and , < clear throat > the more live , the better , but uh , given the crunch of time , we may have to retreat from it to some extent . so i thinkfor a lot of reasons , i think it would be very nice to have this transcriber interface be able to show some other interesting signal along with it", "summary": "decisions: displaying pitch contours live in transcriber would be desirable for the demo , however , if the group run out of time , the group note that they could generate this statically using powerpoint ."}
{"dialogue": "umuhone thingi meanwe <inbreath> < clear throat > in past meetings we had um also a you know variousvariously talked about the um work that w uh was happening sort of on theon the recognition side well , it 's thatit 's just gon na be ver very boring for people who are not you know , sort of really interested in the details of the recognition system . well , ok , so how manyhow many people here would not be interested in uhin a meeting about recognition ? liz and jane probably . why do n't we alternate this meeting every other week ? but i do i don'ti mean a lot of times lately it seems like we do n't really have enough for a full meeting on meeting recorder . and then if we find , you know we 're just not getting enough done , there 's all these topics not coming up , then we can expand into another meeting . uh . so uh . um . let 's chat about it with liz and janewhen we get a chance , see what they think and", "summary": "decisions: the group decide that it may be more beneficial to have separate meetings to discuss recognition , since jane and liz are less likely to be interested in this ."}
{"dialogue": "uh . so uh . um . let 's chat about it with liz and janewhen we get a chance , see what they think and", "summary": "decisions: they will discuss this with them before going ahead ."}
{"dialogue": "but we are like ninety five percent , ninety eight percent on the scratch disks for the expanded meetings . and , my original intention was like we would just delete them as we needed more space , but unfortunately we 're in the position where we have to deal with all the meeting dataall at once , in a lot of different ways . youwe need about a gig per meeting . i have umi have an eighteen gig drive hanging off of my computer . but at any rate i think that there 's athere 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need", "summary": "problems: scratch disk space used to store the uncompressed meetings when they are being processed is getting short - the group are using 98 % ."}
{"dialogue": "well , maybe it should get another rack . uh , you know dave johnson is gone for , like , ten days , i have umi have an eighteen gig drive hanging off of my computer . i mean it 's just a question of figuring out where they should be and hanging them , well i sent that message out to , i guess , you and dave asking forif we could get some disk . the sysadmins would prefer to have one external drive per machine . so they do n't want to stack up external drives . so this is a question that 's pretty hard to solve without talking to dave , i think part of the reason why dave ca n't get thethe new machines up is because he does n't have room in the machine room right now . but at any rate i think that there 's athere 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need", "summary": "problems: various options are suggested about adding extra drives , externally to their machines , or to the server , but these can not be resolved until after the relevant sysadmin person returns from a break in 10 days time ."}
{"dialogue": "uhthe back - end is uh , going more slowly as i s i think i said before just cuz i 'm not much of a tcl - tk programmer .", "summary": "problems: time is getting tight for some of the demo development , especially a lack of tcl-tk skills slowing up back-end progress ."}
{"dialogue": "butbut it would be cool if the transcriber interface had like another window for theyou know , maybe above the waveform where it would show some arbitrary valued function that isthat is you know time synchron ti ti time synchronous with the wavform . and see the pitch contours also . just record the audio clip and show an image and i think that 's and , < clear throat > the more live , the better , but uh , given the crunch of time , we may have to retreat from it to some extent . so i thinkfor a lot of reasons , i think it would be very nice to have this transcriber interface be able to show some other interesting signal along with it", "summary": "problems: additionally , time constraints may impinge upon the `` live-ness '' of the transcriber pitch contour demo ."}
{"dialogue": "so something that we wan na do next meeting isis uh to put together um , a kind of reasonable list for ourselves of what is it , um , that we 've done . i mean just sort of bulletize i mean o e do do i cani can dream up text butthis is basically gon na lead to the annual report . so just a week from tomorrow ?", "summary": "problems: annual report is due next week , so this will need to be discussed at the next meeting ."}
