{"dialogue": "so i did n't send out agenda items because until five minutes ago we only had one agenda item and now we have two . and if you disagree with it , why do n't you read it and give me comments on it ?", "summary": "abstract: although the meeting recorder group only list two agenda items , this meeting explores transcription , and in particular , consent forms in depth , and at times results in heated debate ."}
{"dialogue": "so , uh , as most of you should know , i did send out the consent form thingies and we had decided that they havethey only needed to sign once . no . at some point y you go around and get people to sign something ? this is in the summer period and presumably people may be out of town . but we can make the assumption , ca n't we ? that , um , they will be receiving email , uh , most of the month . itwell , itwell , you 're right . sometimes somebody will beaway that 'sit 's , you know , just a certain risk to take . cuz i because if we wan na be able to give it to people july fifteenth , if somebody 's gon na come back and say `` ok , i do n't want this and this and this used `` , uh , clearly we need some time to respond to that .", "summary": "abstract: with regard to obtaining consent , the group discuss the extent to which they need to attempt to contact people , which methods are most appropriate , and how much responsibility rests on participants being available and checking their e-mail regularly ."}
{"dialogue": "but i thought it might be good to remind people two weeks prior to that cuz i because if we wan na be able to give it to people july fifteenth , if somebody 's gon na come back and say `` ok , i do n't want this and this and this used `` , uh , clearly we need some time to respond to that . maybeuh , do we have mailing addresses for these people ? al - altogether we 've got twenty people . these people are people who read their email almost all the time . ii really do n't see that it 's a problem . ii think that it 's a common courtesy to ask themuh , to expect for them to , uh , be able to have @ @ us try to contact them , u just in case they had n't gotten their email . i think they 'd appreciate it . and if there 's half the people , say , who do n't respondat all by , you know , some period of time , <breath> we can just make a list of these people and i 'll hand it to administrative staff or whatever , and they 'll just call them up and say , you know , `` have you isis this ok ? and would you please mailyou know , mail adam that it is , if i if it , you know , is or not . `` the other thing that there 's a psychological effect thatat least for most people , that if they 've responded to your email saying `` yes , i will do it `` or `` yes , i got your email `` , they 're more likely to actually do itlaterthan to just ignore it . so what are we gon na do when we run into someone that we ca n't get in touch with ? i do n't think , uhthey 're so recent , these visitors . ii mean , ii w i 'll be able toif you have any trouble finding them , i really think i could find them . well , the way icsi goes , people , uh , who , uh , were here ten years ago still have acc <laugh> have forwards to other accounts and so on . that if they give us contact information and that contact information is n't accurate thatwe fulfilled our burden . and itithis discussion has made me think it might be nice to have a follow - up email within the next couple of days saying `` by the way , you know , we wan na hear back from you by x date", "summary": "abstract: the group suggest sending reminder e-mails , although since many participants are local they can be contacted by other means if necessary ."}
{"dialogue": "we heard anything from ibm ? so we got the transcript back from that one meeting . everything seemed fine . adamhad a script that willput everything back together and there waswell , there was one small problem but it was a simple thing to fix . yeah . now we have n't actually had anyone go through that meeting , to see whether the transcript is correct yeah . it 's gon na have to go through our regular process . i mean , the one thing i noticed is it did miss a lot of backchannels . do you suppose that was because they were n't caught by the pre - segmenter ? yeah . they 'rethey 're not in the segmented . it 's not that theibm people did n't do it .", "summary": "abstract: transcriptions are back from ibm , and the group discuss the checking of these , particularly since the pre-segmenter has interfered with back-channel data ."}
{"dialogue": "the german ones will be ready for next week . nsa . um @ @ so , this is from one of the nsa meetings no , no . these arethese are our local transcriptions of the nsa meetings . sometimes some speakers will insert foreign language terms . and i 'm hoping that when the checked versions are run through the recognizer that you 'll see s substantial improvements in performance yeah , but i beti bet they 're acoustically challenging parts anyway , though . no , actually no . oh , so it 's just jargon . i mean this iscuz , you know you do n't realize in daily life how much you have top - down influences in what you 're hearing . and it 's jar it 's jargon coupled with a foreign accent . but we don'ti mean , our language model right now does n't know about these words anyhow .", "summary": "abstract: checking of the nsa meetings has revealed that this non-native english meeting data contains transcription inaccuracies due to the use of foreign language terms and technical vocabulary ."}
{"dialogue": "disk space , that for every meeting any meeting which has any bleeps in it we need yet another copy of . well <inbreath> iyou know , i think at a certain point , that copy that has the deletions will become the master copy . so ii do n't wanti really would rather make a copy of it , rather than bleep it out are you del are you bleeping it by adding ? we 've been , uh , contacted by university of washington now , of course , to , um we sent them the transcripts that correspond to thosesix meetings and they 're downloading the audio files . uh , the only one was don wanted to , uh , talk about disk space yet again . we 've just ordered a hundred gigabytes . uh , and there 's also an annual report . now , so theyso darpa just said do an annual report . i mean , thethe next thing on our agenda is to go back and look at the , um <mouth> the automatic alignments iii learned from thilo what data we can use as a benchmark to see how well we 're doing on automatic alignments of the background speech or , of the foreground speech with background speech . and then , uh , i guess , the new data that don will start to process you know , before we were working with these segments that were all synchronous we got our abstract accepted for this conference , isca workshop , in , um , uh , new jersey . but we 're hoping to have a paper for that as well , which should be an interesting but , i mean , the good news is that that will have sort of the european experts in prosody sort of a different crowd , and i think we 're the only people working on prosody in meetings so far , uh , it 's isca workshop on prosody in speech recognition and understanding , or something like that y you going to , uh , eurospeech ? i do n't have a paper but i 'd kinda like to go ,", "summary": "abstract: additional topics covered more briefly in this meeting are disk space , the darpa annual report , progress with the demo , conference submissions and attendance , and requests from the university of washington for data ."}
{"dialogue": "so , just to repeat the thing bef that we said last week , it was there 's this suggestion of alternating weeks on <inbreath> more , uh , automatic speech recognition related or not ? wellwe have n't really started ,", "summary": "decisions: the group discuss whether this meeting will relate to either meeting recorder or speech recognition issues ."}
{"dialogue": "so , just to repeat the thing bef that we said last week , it was there 's this suggestion of alternating weeks on <inbreath> more , uh , automatic speech recognition related or not ? wellwe have n't really started , but i figure also if they 're short agenda items , we could also do a little bit of each . so next week we 'll do automatic transcription status , plus anything that 's real timely .", "summary": "decisions: they decide that covering such topics over alternate weeks will commence at the next meeting , although other topics will be discussed if time allows ."}
{"dialogue": "and then maybe it 'd be good to set an explicit deadline , something likea weekbefore that , uh , j july fifteenth date , or two weeks before .", "summary": "decisions: the group decide that it would be good to set a date for having the non-native network services group data , and one or two weeks before the 15th of july is suggested ."}
{"dialogue": "and we had decided that they havethey only needed to sign once . no . at some point y you go around and get people to sign something ? so . <inbreath> a and , then , you know , say very clearly that if they don'tif we do n't hear from them , you know , as morgan suggested , by a certain time or after a certain <inbreath> period after we contact them <inbreath> that is implicitly giving their agreement . well , they 've already signed a form . and the s and the form was approved by human subjects , i i i em email is enough . i mean , i 'm not a lawyer , but i 've been through these things a f things f like this a few times with lawyers now so ii <inbreath> i i 'm pretty comfortable with that .", "summary": "decisions: with regard to contacting participants to request consent , the group decide that no signature is required , and an e-mail would be enough ."}
{"dialogue": "so if we get to a boundary case like that then maybe i will call the attorney about it .", "summary": "decisions: however for `` boundary cases '' legal advice would be sought ."}
{"dialogue": "so i guess if you 're in both these types of meetings , you 'd have a lot . i mean , it also depends on how many like , if we releasethis time it 's a fairly small number of meetings , well , what my s expectation is , is that we 'll send out one of these emailsevery time a meeting has been checked and is ready .", "summary": "decisions: as soon as the next set of data is ready for checking , participants should be contacted , so that this process is on-going ."}
{"dialogue": "but i thought it might be good to remind people two weeks prior to that cuz i because if we wan na be able to give it to people july fifteenth , if somebody 's gon na come back and say `` ok , i do n't want this and this and this used `` , uh , clearly we need some time to respond to that . the other thing that there 's a psychological effect thatat least for most people , that if they 've responded to your email saying `` yes , i will do it `` or `` yes , i got your email `` , they 're more likely to actually do itlaterthan to just ignore it . you know , an official ok from somebodyis better than no answer , even if they responded that they got your email . and itithis discussion has made me think it might be nice to have a follow - up email within the next couple of days saying `` by the way , you know , we wan na hear back from you by x date", "summary": "decisions: when the deadline for giving consent is approaching , a reminder e-mail should be sent out ."}
{"dialogue": "al - altogether we 've got twenty people . these people are people who read their email almost all the time . ii really do n't see that it 's a problem . ii think that it 's a common courtesy to ask themuh , to expect for them to , uh , be able to have @ @ us try to contact them , u just in case they had n't gotten their email . i think they 'd appreciate it . and if there 's half the people , say , who do n't respondat all by , you know , some period of time , <breath> we can just make a list of these people and i 'll hand it to administrative staff or whatever , and they 'll just call them up and say , you know , `` have you isis this ok ? and would you please mailyou know , mail adam that it is , if i if it , you know , is or not . `` the other thing that there 's a psychological effect thatat least for most people , that if they 've responded to your email saying `` yes , i will do it `` or `` yes , i got your email `` , they 're more likely to actually do itlaterthan to just ignore it . you know , an official ok from somebodyis better than no answer , even if they responded that they got your email . so what are we gon na do when we run into someone that we ca n't get in touch with ? i do n't think , uhthey 're so recent , these visitors . ii mean , ii w i 'll be able toif you have any trouble finding them , i really think i could find them . well , the way icsi goes , people , uh , who , uh , were here ten years ago still have acc <laugh> have forwards to other accounts and so on . that if they give us contact information and that contact information is n't accurate thatwe fulfilled our burden .", "summary": "decisions: in cases where no consent response is given , participants could be chased up since many are local ."}
{"dialogue": "disk space , that for every meeting any meeting which has any bleeps in it we need yet another copy of . well <inbreath> iyou know , i think at a certain point , that copy that has the deletions will become the master copy . so ii do n't wanti really would rather make a copy of it , rather than bleep it out are you del are you bleeping it by adding ? and then overlapping . so , it 'sit 's exactly a censor bleep . so what i really think is `` bleep ``", "summary": "decisions: original uncensored copies of meetings will be kept , with all of the old signal deleted and replaced with new when censoring ."}
{"dialogue": "that 'sit 's , you know , just a certain risk to take . you know , specify exactly uh , what , you know , howhow they will be contacted w you know , when the whole thing starts , when they sign the <mouth> the agreement <inbreath> that so . <inbreath> a and , then , you know , say very clearly that if they don'tif we do n't hear from them , you know , as morgan suggested , by a certain time or after a certain <inbreath> period after we contact them <inbreath> that is implicitly giving their agreement . because if youif you , uh , do this <inbreath> and youthen there 's a dispute later and , uh , some <inbreath> you know , someone who understands these matters concludes that they did n't have , uh , you know , enough opportunity to actually <inbreath> exercise theirtheir right because although they signed this , they do n't know by which date to expect your email . and sosomeone whose machine is down or whatever because people do n't read their email , or they 'll read and say `` i do n't care about that , i 'm not gon na delete anything `` and they don just wo n't reply to it . maybeuh , do we have mailing addresses for these people ? so if we get to a boundary case like that then maybe i will call the attorney about it .", "summary": "problems: gaining consent from participants for the use of the meeting data is raising a number of issues for the group , some of which may have legal implications ."}
{"dialogue": "this is in the summer period and presumably people may be out of town . but we can make the assumption , ca n't we ? that , um , they will be receiving email , uh , most of the month . itwell , itwell , you 're right . sometimes somebody will beaway that 'sit 's , you know , just a certain risk to take . you know , specify exactly uh , what , you know , howhow they will be contacted w you know , when the whole thing starts , when they sign the <mouth> the agreement <inbreath> that so . <inbreath> a and , then , you know , say very clearly that if they don'tif we do n't hear from them , you know , as morgan suggested , by a certain time or after a certain <inbreath> period after we contact them <inbreath> that is implicitly giving their agreement . because although they signed this , they do n't know by which date to expect your email . and sosomeone whose machine is down or whatever because people do n't read their email , or they 'll read and say `` i do n't care about that , i 'm not gon na delete anything `` and they don just wo n't reply to it . maybeuh , do we have mailing addresses for these people ?", "summary": "problems: firstly a relatively arbitrary deadline of 15 july has been set , and since this is during the summer break , the group debate whether enough action has been made to contact participants ."}
{"dialogue": "you know , specify exactly uh , what , you know , howhow they will be contacted w you know , when the whole thing starts , when they sign the <mouth> the agreement <inbreath> that so . <inbreath> a and , then , you know , say very clearly that if they don'tif we do n't hear from them , you know , as morgan suggested , by a certain time or after a certain <inbreath> period after we contact them <inbreath> that is implicitly giving their agreement . well , they 've already signed a form . and the s and the form was approved by human subjects , because people do n't read their email , or they 'll read and say `` i do n't care about that , i 'm not gon na delete anything `` and they don just wo n't reply to it . maybeuh , do we have mailing addresses for these people ? i do n't think , uhthey 're so recent , these visitors . so what are we gon na do when we run into someone that we ca n't get in touch with ? ii mean , ii w i 'll be able toif you have any trouble finding them , i really think i could find them . that if they give us contact information and that contact information is n't accurate thatwe fulfilled our burden . so if we get to a boundary case like that then maybe i will call the attorney about it .", "summary": "problems: if people do n't respond in time , the group discuss what facility should there be for later amendments , and whether a meeting can be used if they do n't respond at all ."}
{"dialogue": "the german ones will be ready for next week . nsa . um @ @ so , this is from one of the nsa meetings no , no . these arethese are our local transcriptions of the nsa meetings . sometimes some speakers will insert foreign language terms . and i 'm hoping that when the checked versions are run through the recognizer that you 'll see s substantial improvements in performance yeah , but i beti bet they 're acoustically challenging parts anyway , though . no , actually no . oh , so it 's just jargon . i mean this iscuz , you know you do n't realize in daily life how much you have top - down influences in what you 're hearing . and it 's jar it 's jargon coupled with a foreign accent . but we don'ti mean , our language model right now does n't know about these words anyhow .", "summary": "problems: checking of the nsa meeting transcripts has shown that although acoustically fine , some errors have shown up , especially relating to foreign language terms and jargon or technical terminology ."}
{"dialogue": "disk space , that for every meeting any meeting which has any bleeps in it we need yet another copy of . you have spare headsets ? because i , uh , i could use one on my workstation , yeah , i stilli still need to get a pair , too . no . justjustjustjust buy them . uh , the only one was don wanted to , uh , talk about disk space yet again . the disk space was short . we 've just ordered a hundred gigabytes . yeah . i mean , i guess the thing is is , all i need is to hang it off , like , <inbreath> the person who 's coming in , sonali 's , computer . if you 'reif you 're desperate , i have some space on my drive . yeah . i think i can find something if i 'm desperate", "summary": "problems: additionally , the discussions reveal that there is a shortage of headphones amongst group members , and also that disk space is in short supply , especially if original copies of edited transcripts are retained ."}
