{"dialogue": "um , we should talk a little bit about the plans for the uhthe field trip next week . and uhmostly uh first though about the logistics for it . then maybe later on in the meeting we should talk about what we actually you know , might accomplish . uh , in andkind of go aroundsee what people have been doingtalk about that , a r progress report . um , essentially . umand then uhanother topic i had was that uhuhuhdave here had uh said uh `` give me something to do . `` and so maybe we can discuss that a little bit . uh , and uh , then uh , talk a little bit aboutabout disks and resourceresource issues thatthat 's starting to get worked out . did youhappen to find out anything about the ogi multilingual database ? one they call the multi - language database , and another one is a twenty - two language , something like that . but it 's also telephone speech . well , actually , for the moment if we w do not want to use these phone databases , wewe already have uhenglish , spanish and french uh , with microphone speech . uh , actually , these three databases are um generic databases . so w f forfor uh italian , which is close to spanish , french and , i i uh , ti - digits we have both uh , digitstraining data and alsomore general training data . well , we also have this broadcast news that we were talking about taking off the disk , which is <laugh> is microphone data forfor english . yeah , perhapsyeah , there is also timit .", "summary": "abstract: the main topics discussed were arrangements and objectives of an upcoming field trip to visit research partners ogi ; a number of members reported their progress to date ; if there are any tasks that one member can help others with ; an overall description of the cube project , a multi-lingual speech recognition system for use by the cellular phone industry , along with consideration of some of the issues therein , specifically disk and resource issues ."}
{"dialogue": "well , the inputs are one dimension of the cube , so , a a actuallymaybenow you 've got me sort of intrigued . can you describe whatwhat 's on the cube ? basically , thethe cube will have three dimensions . the first dimension is thethe features that we 're going to use . and the second dimension , um , is the training corpus . and that 's the training on the discriminant neural net . and then , there 's the testing corpus .", "summary": "abstract: essentially the cube consists of three dimension: input features ; training corpus ; and test corpus ."}
{"dialogue": "well , the inputs are one dimension of the cube , which , um , we 've talked about it being , uh , plp , um , m f c cs , um , j - jrasta , jrasta - lda um , for the training corpuscorpus , um , we have , um , thethe ddigits < tapping sounds , writing on whiteboard > from the various languages . so that 's , uh , three hundred and forty - three , uh , <laugh> different systems that are going to be developed . something like seven things in each , uheach column . so it seems like there 'sthere 's some peculiarities of the , uhof each of these dimensions that are getting sorted out . and then , um , ifif you work on getting the , uh , assembly lines together , and then thethe pieces sort of get ready to go into the assembly line what 'swhat 's great about this is it sets it up in a very systematic way , so that , uh , once theseall of these , you know , mundane but real problems get sorted out , we can just start turning the crank and , uh , the thing is that once you get a better handle on how much you can realistically do , uh , um , <mouth> concurrently on different machines , different sperts , and so forth , uh , and you see how long it takes on what machine and so forth , you can stand back from it and say , `` ok , if we look at all these combinations we 're talking about , and combinations of combinations , and so forth , `` you 'll probably find you ca n't do it all . so then at that point , uh , we should sort out which ones do we throw away . which of the combinations acrossyou know , what are the most likely ones ,", "summary": "abstract: most important concerns are which combinations of features to use , and what combinations of languages and broad / specific corpora to use for the training"}
{"dialogue": "um , we should talk a little bit about the plans for the uhthe field trip next week . and uhmostly uh first though about the logistics for it . those of you who are not , you know , used to this area , it can be very tricky to get to the airport atat uh , you know , six thirty . ok , so ifif everybody can get here at six .", "summary": "decisions: the group will meet at the building at 6am to go to the airport for their field trip together ."}
{"dialogue": "dandavid , um , put a new , um , drive onto abbott , that 's an x disk , um , i 've been going through and copying data that is , you know , some kind of corpus stuff usually , thatthat we 've got on a cd - rom or something , onto that new disk to free up spaceon other disks . we have n't deleted them off of the slash - dc disk that they 're on right now in abbott , uh , but wei would like to go throughsit down with you about some of these other ones and see if we can move them onto , um , this new disk also . yeah , ok .", "summary": "decisions: speaker me018 needs to discuss files that can be moved with speaker mn007 ."}
{"dialogue": "imaybe we 're already there , or almost there , is goals for thefor next week 's meeting . uh . i i i it seems to me that we wan na do is flush out what you put on the board here . so w we can say what we 're doing , and , um , also , if you havesorted out , um , this information about how long i roughly how long it takes to do on what and , you know , what we canhow many of these trainings , uh , uh , and testings and so forth that we can realistically do , uh , then one of the big goals of going there next week would be toto actually settle on which of them we 're gon na do . and , uh , when we come back we can charge in and do it .", "summary": "decisions: for the ogi meeting they need to take a clear description of the cube project , and an estimate of how long the entire process should take ."}
{"dialogue": "and , um , also , if you havesorted out , um , this information about how long i roughly how long it takes to do on what and , you know , what we canhow many of these trainings , uh , uh , and testings and so forth that we can realistically do , uh , then one of the big goals of going there next week would be toto actually settle on which of them we 're gon na do . and , uh , when we come back we can charge in and do it .", "summary": "decisions: at the meeting they should discuss what they will ultimately put through the system ."}
{"dialogue": "and uhand the otherthethe last topic i had here was , um , uh d dave 's fine offer toto , uh , do something <laugh> on this . i mean he 's doing <laugh> he 's working on other things , but toto do something on this project . so the question is , `` wherewhere could we , uh , uh , most use dave 's help ? `` and , um , <mouth> trying to have a closer look at theperhaps the , um , <mouth> speech , uh , noise detection or , uh , voiced - sound - unvoiced - sound detection let 's fall back to that . but i think the first responsibility is sort of to figure out if there 's somethingthat , uh , anan additional what an additional clever person could help with when we 're really in a crunch for time . but if we could think of somesome piece that 'sthat 's well defined , that he could help with , he 's expressing a will willingness to do that . sowh thatso thethe other suggestion that just came up was , well what about having himwork on the , uh , multilingual super f supersetkind of thing . uh , coming up with that and then , you know , training ittraining a net on that , say , um , fromfrom , uhfrom timit or something .", "summary": "decisions: people are to consider what me034 could do on the project to speed things up , though creating the phoneme superset is a possibility ."}
{"dialogue": "stephane , where you 're doing your computations . it 's nutmeg and mustard , i think , well , you 're theyou 're the disk czar now . well , i 'll check on that .", "summary": "decisions: speaker me018 is to look into the machines that mn007 has been running data on to find out what they are ."}
{"dialogue": "an another question occurred to me isis what were you folks planning to do about normalization ? well , we were thinking about using this systematically for all the experiments . but we think perhaps we can use thethe best , uh , um , uh , normalization scheme as ogi is using , so , with parameters that they use there , i mean it 's i i wewe seem to have enough dimensions as it is .", "summary": "decisions: rather than consider level of normalization as a further dimension to the project , whatever ogi finds the best will be used systematically ."}
{"dialogue": "clearly , therethere 's no way we can even begin to do an any significant amount here unless we use multiple machines . i mean there 's plenty of machines here and they 're n they 're often not inin a greatgreat deal of use . y you did ayou did it on a spert board . yes . again , we do have a bunch of spert boards . you could set up , uh , you know , ten different jobs , or something , to run on spertdifferent spert boards oror we 're not going to get through any significant number of these . so , with very limited time , we actually have really quite aquite a bit of computational resource available if you , you know , get a look across the institute and how little things are being used . and , uh , the thing is that once you get a better handle on how much you can realistically do , uh , um , <mouth> concurrently on different machines , different sperts , and so forth , uh , and you see how long it takes on what machine and so forth , you can stand back from it and say , `` ok , if we look at all these combinations we 're talking about , and combinations of combinations , and so forth , `` you 'll probably find you ca n't do it all .", "summary": "decisions: need to use multiple machines and spert boards to run processes on because they take so long ."}
{"dialogue": "soso , maybe we could look at articulatory type stuff , because that 'sthat 's the other route to go . to really mark articulatory features , you really wan na look at the acoustics andand see where everything is , and we 're not gon na do that . uh , the second class way of doing it isto look at the , uh , phones that are labeled and translate them into acousticuh , uharticulatory , uh , uh , features . so it wo n't really be right . is that we couldwe could , uh , just translateinstead of translating to a superset , just translate to articulatory features , some set of articulatory features and train with that . we could do an interesting cheating experiment with that too . so i was thinking , you knowit made me think about this , that ifit 'd be an interesting experiment just to see , you know , if you did get all of those right .", "summary": "decisions: they will consider looking at articulatory features rather than straight phonemes , though it would n't be perfect ."}
{"dialogue": "so it seems like there 'sthere 's some peculiarities of the , uhof each of these dimensions that are getting sorted out . and then , um , ifif you work on getting the , uh , assembly lines together , and then thethe pieces sort of get ready to go into the assembly line what 'swhat 's great about this is it sets it up in a very systematic way , so that , uh , once theseall of these , you know , mundane but real problems get sorted out , we can just start turning the crank and , uh , the thing is that once you get a better handle on how much you can realistically do , uh , um , <mouth> concurrently on different machines , different sperts , and so forth , uh , and you see how long it takes on what machine and so forth , you can stand back from it and say , `` ok , if we look at all these combinations we 're talking about , and combinations of combinations , and so forth , `` you 'll probably find you ca n't do it all . so then at that point , uh , we should sort out which ones do we throw away . which of the combinations acrossyou know , what are the most likely ones ,", "summary": "problems: it is not clear what combinations of dimensions , which features , should be run in the cube project ."}
{"dialogue": "cuz you do n't know who 's gon na call , clearly , therethere 's no way we can even begin to do an any significant amount here unless we use multiple machines . and then , um , ifif you work on getting the , uh , assembly lines together , and then thethe pieces sort of get ready to go into the assembly line what 'swhat 's great about this is it sets it up in a very systematic way , so that , uh , once theseall of these , you know , mundane but real problems get sorted out , we can just start turning the crank and , uh , the thing is that once you get a better handle on how much you can realistically do , uh , um , <mouth> concurrently on different machines , different sperts , and so forth , uh , and you see how long it takes on what machine and so forth , you can stand back from it and say , `` ok , if we look at all these combinations we 're talking about , and combinations of combinations , and so forth , `` you 'll probably find you ca n't do it all .", "summary": "problems: it is important to know because the processes are going to be large and processor and memory hungry ."}
{"dialogue": "uhhow do you know what language it is ? somebody picks up the phone . so thi this is their image . so the phone does n't know what awhatwhat your language is . but the particular image that the cellular industry has right now is that it 's distributed speech recognition , where the , uh , uh , probabilistic part , andand s semantics and so forth are all on the servers , and you compute features of theuh , on the phone . we mightmight or might not agree that that 's the way it will be in ten years , but that 'sthat 'sthat 's what they 're asking for . soso i think thatth th it is an important issue whether it works cross - language .", "summary": "problems: to bear in mind is the fact that the cellular industry has an image of speech recognition in that 's what they are after ."}
{"dialogue": "were the digits , um , hand - labeled for phones ? those werethose were automatically derived byby dan using , um , embeddedembedded training and alignment . ii think you 're doing this test because you want to determine whether or not , uh , having s general speech performs as well as having specificspeech . so i was just wondering if the fact that timityou 're using the hand - labeled stuff from timit might beconfuse the results that you get . it would be another interesting scientific question to ask , `` is it because it 's a broad source or because it was , you know , carefully ? ``", "summary": "problems: must be careful if using a broad training source that is carefully hand marked , because it would be unclear which is the reason for improvement ."}
{"dialogue": "is n't there like a limiton the computation load , or d latency , or something like that for aurora task ? so , there 's not really a limit . what it is is that there 'sthere 's , uhit 's just penalty , thatthat if you 're using , uh , a megabyte , then they 'll say that 's very nice , but , of course , it will never go on a cheap cell phone .", "summary": "problems: memory is of concern , because final product needs to run potentially one cheaper cell phones , which have limited memory capacity ."}
{"dialogue": "has ogi done anything about this issue ? do they havedo they have any kind of superset that they already have ? well , theytheythey 're going actually thethe other way , defining uh , phoneme clusters , apparently . so they just throw the speech from all different languages together , then cluster it into sixty or fifty or whatever clusters ? and e i perhaps u using broad phoneme classes , it 'sit 's ok for um , uh classifying the digits , but as soon as you will have more words , well , words can differ with only a single phoneme , andwhich could be the same , uh , class . so you 're saying that there may not be enough information coming out of the net to help you discriminate the words ? yeah , fact , most confusions are within the phonephone classes , right ?", "summary": "problems: ogi does n't have a phoneme superset ready prepared , for they are working with clusters , which may be good enough for digits , but not for discriminating words ."}
