{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: the icsi meeting recorder group at berkeley are approaching an important milestone on their project ."}
{"dialogue": "uh today we 're looking at a number of uh things we 're trying it 's only one small experiment to know what happened . to apply also to in include also thethe silence of the mlp we have the fifty - six form and the silence to pick up the silence and we include those . the silence plus the klt output ? no they 'rei think there is this silence in addition to the um klt outputs it is because wewewe just keep uh we do n't keep all the dimensions after the klt and we not s we are not sure if we pickwe have the silence . so we try to add the silence also in addition to thethese twenty - eight dimensions . do you e um they mentionedmade someuh when i was on the phone with sunil theythey mentioned some weighting scheme that was used to evaluate all of these numbers . um well it 's uh forty percent for ti - digit , sixty for all the speechdat - cars , um and we do n't have the ti - digits part yet ? generally what you observe with ti - digits is that the result are very close whatever thethe system . so it looks to mei guess the same given that we have to take the filt ones out of thethe running because of this delay problemso it looks to me like the ones you said i agree areare the ones to look at but i just would add thethethe second row one so if we can know whathow many words are in each and then um dave uh dave promised to get us something tomorrow which will be there as far as they 've gotten <laugh> friday and then we 'll operate with that do we fix the system uh tomorrow or do we fix the system on tuesday ? i think we fixed on tuesday , yeah . iyeah , ok except that we do have to write it up . so maybe what we do is wewewe uh as soon as we get the data from them we start the training and so forth but we start the write - up right away because as you say therethere 's only minor differences between these . i think youwe couldwe could start soon , yeah . write up something . well anyway , sounds like there 'll be a lot to do just to <laugh> work with our partners to fill out the tables <laugh> over the next uh next few days yes , so i meani think we have to actually get it done tuesday um so then next thursday we can sort of have a little aftermath but my assumption is that we basically have to be done tuesday .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed most recent results , finalized plans to continue and discussed the work required and timing needed for completion of this stage of the project ."}
{"dialogue": "and so have you put all these numbers together into a single number representing that ? uh not yet . ok so that should be pretty easy to do and that would be good then we could compare the two and say what was better .", "summary": "decisions: mn007 and fn002 need to find a way of combining result figures into one easily comparable way of judging performance ."}
{"dialogue": "soyou know how many words are in uh one of these test sets ? um it 'sit dependswellthe well matched is generally larger than the other sets see thei mean the reason i 'm asking isisis we have all these small differences and i do n't know how seriously to take them , right ? so uh i ifif you had uh just you knowto give an example , if you had uh um if you had a thousand words then uh aa tenth of a percent would just be one word , soso it would n't mean anything . um so um yeah it be kind ofi 'd kind of like to know what the sizes of these test sets were actually . well also just to know the numbers , so anyway if you could just mail out what those numbers are and thenthenthatthat be great .", "summary": "decisions: they were also asked to mail round numbers detailing the size of their test-sets , so that group members can assess the seriousness of figures such as word error rates ."}
{"dialogue": "so it looks to mei guess the same given that we have to take the filt ones out of thethe running because of this delay problemso it looks to me like the ones you said i agree areare the ones to look at but i just would add thethethe second row one so basically we willi think we 'll try toto focus on these three architectures andand perhaps i was thinking also a fourth one with justjust a single klt yeah , i mean that would be pretty low maintenance to try it .", "summary": "decisions: there are now just 4 architectures that will be carried forward for testing ."}
{"dialogue": "do we fix the system uh tomorrow or do we fix the system on tuesday ? i think we fixed on tuesday , yeah . iyeah , ok except that we do have to write it up . so maybe what we do is wewewe uh as soon as we get the data from them we start the training and so forth but we start the write - up right away because as you say therethere 's only minor differences between these . i think youwe couldwe could start soon , yeah . write up something . yes , so i meani think we have to actually get it done tuesday but my assumption is that we basically have to be done tuesday . um so then next thursday we can sort of have a little aftermath", "summary": "decisions: though the final system is not due to be fixed , until tuesday , writing it up must begin sooner ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , andand ii wouldyou know , i wouldi 'd kind of like to see it maybe i cani can edit it a bit", "summary": "decisions: anything written must go through me013 for editing ."}
{"dialogue": "um so then next thursday we can sort of have a little aftermath andand uh maybe next meeting we can start talking a little bit about where we want to go from here uh in terms of uh the research . um you know what things uh did you think of when you were uh doing this process that uh you just did n't really have time to adequately work on", "summary": "decisions: discussion on future work once this stage is out of the way will be held at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "uh so one of the ideas that you had mentioned last time was having aa second um silence detection . um yeah so it seems f for thethe well match and mismatched condition it 's uh it brings something . uh but uh actually apparently there arethere 's no room left for any silence detector at the server side because of the delay . oh we ca n't do it . no .", "summary": "problems: while using a second silence detection system it was found that while providing some improvement , it added too great a delay on the server side of the system ."}
