{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: the berkley meeting recorder group discussed the most recent progress with their current project , a digit recognition system for use in cell phones ."}
{"dialogue": "so , i got , uhthese results from , uh , stephane . also , um , i think that , uhumwe might hear later today , about other results . i think s that , uh , there were some other very good results that we 're gon na wan na compare to . but , <inbreath> r our results from otherother places , you know most of the time , eveni mean even though it 's true that the overall number for danishwe did n't improve it i mean , i think that , uh , one of the things that hynek was talking about was understanding what was in the other really good proposals and trying to see if what should ultimately be proposed is some , uh , combination of things . so < nasal inbreath > um , since we have a bit farther to travel than <laugh> some of the others , <inbreath> uh , we 'll have to get done a little quicker . but , um , i mean , it 's just tracing down these bugs . i mean , just exactly this sort of thing of , you know , whywhy these features seem to be behaving differently , uh , in california than in oregon .", "summary": "abstract: this included some discussion of results , comparing various other groups ' systems , issues involving the set up , and plans for future work ."}
{"dialogue": "we have a little bit of time on that , actually . we have a day or so , whenwhenwhen do you folks leave ? sunday ? until saturday midnight , or something , we have when is the development seti mean , the , uh , uh , test set results due ? uh , probably the day after they leave , but we 'll have to <laugh> we 'll have to stop it the day beforewe leave . i think tha i think thethe meeting is on the thirteenth or something . this tuesday , and thethe , uh , results are due like the day before the meeting or something .", "summary": "decisions: results are required for an upcoming meeting , but since some group members will be away , results need to be in sooner ."}
{"dialogue": "the other thing that strikes me , just looking at these numbers is , just taking the best cases , i mean , some of these , of course , even with all of ourour wonderful processing , still are horrible kinds of numbers . but just take the best case , the well - matcheduh , german case afterer well - matched danish after we the kind of numbers we 're getting are about eight or nineuhp percenterrorper digit . this is obviously not usable , i mean , if you have ten digits for a phone numberi mean , every now and then you 'll get it right . so , in a way , that 's , you know , that 's sort of the dominant thing is that even , say on the development set stuff that we saw , the , uh , the numbers that , uh , that alcatel was getting when choosing out the best single numbers , <inbreath> it was justyou know , it was n't good enough forforaafor a real system . so , uh , we still have stuff to do . uh <laugh> uh <laugh> i mean , they 're much better than they were , you know . we 're talking about thirty to sixty percent , uh , error rate reduction . that 'sthat 's really great stuff toto do that in relatively short time . but even after that it 's still , you know , so poor thatthat , uh , no one could really use it .", "summary": "problems: although error rates have been greatly reduced , current rates are still unusable in a practical situation ."}
{"dialogue": "because , um , um , when we use the straight features , we are not able to get these nice number you know most of the time , eveni mean even though it 's true that the overall number for danishwe did n't improve it y actually , uh , um , for the danish , there 's still some kind of mystery with the icsi ogi one , i mean . uh , so , uh , that 's probably something wrong with the features that we get from ogi . uh , and sunil is working onon trying toto check everything . but , um , i mean , it 's just tracing down these bugs . i mean , just exactly this sort of thing of , you know , whywhy these features seem to be behaving differently , uh , in california than in oregon .", "summary": "problems: there is a problem replicating some results found by partner ogi , but it is unclear why ."}
