{"dialogue": "so what are you doing ? uh , well , we 'vea little bit worked on trying to see , uh , what were the bugs and the problem with the latencies .", "summary": "abstract: the berkeley meeting recorder group discussed the progress of several of their members ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: the progress being made on the group 's main project , a speech recogniser for the cellular industry was reported ."}
{"dialogue": "youyou had a discussion with sunil about this though ? no . yeah , you should talk with him . uh , cuz they could be doing the same thing andor something . we justwe just have to be in contact more . i think thatthethe fact that wewe did that withhad that thing with the latencies was indicative of the fact that there was n't enough communication . but , well , when we add up everything it 'sit will be alright . so it would be around two hundred and forty what 's the allowable ? two - fifty , uh , well the people who had very low latency want it to be lowuh , very <laugh> very very narrow , uh , latency bound . unfortunately we 're the main ones with long latency , a personi do n't think a person can tell the difference between , uh , you know , a quarter of a second and a hundred milliseconds , i 'm not even sure if we can tell the difference between a quarter of a second and half a second . i mean it justit feels so quick . uh , one thing that would be nogood to find out about from this conference call is that what they were talking about , what they 're proposing doing , was having a third party , um , run a good vad , andand determine boundaries . and then given those boundaries , then have everybody do the recognition . uh , i guess they argued about that yesterday", "summary": "abstract: the group also touched upon matters that had broader implications for the work , such as the work of other groups on the same project ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , maybe we can talk about a couple other things briefly , so you 're coming up with your quals proposal , um , but i 'm , uh , looking into extending the work done by larry saul and john allen and uh mazin rahim . so , uh , y you want to talk maybe a c two or three minutes about what we 've been talking about today and other days ? we 're interested in , um , methods for far mike speech recognition , um , mainly , uh , methods that deal with the reverberationin the far mike signal .", "summary": "abstract: there were also some progress reports from group members working on other projects ."}
{"dialogue": "do you have news from the conference talk ? yesterday morning on video conference . no , nobody 's told me anything . no , that would have been a good thing to find out before this meeting , i mean , let 'slet 's assume for right now that we 're just kind of plugging on ahead , because even if they tell us that , uh , the rules are different , uh , we 're still interested in doing what we 're doing . uh , one thing that would be nogood to find out about from this conference call is that what they were talking about , what they 're proposing doing , was having a third party , um , run a good vad , andand determine boundaries . and then given those boundaries , then have everybody do the recognition . uh , i guess they argued about that yesterday i don'tdo n't know the answer but we should find out .", "summary": "decisions: no one from the group attended a recent video conference about their main project , but they need to find out what was discussed in it ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , let 'slet 's assume for right now that we 're just kind of plugging on ahead , because even if they tell us that , uh , the rules are different , uh , we 're still interested in doing what we 're doing .", "summary": "decisions: until they do , they will continue on , assuming nothing major has been changed ."}
{"dialogue": "youyou had a discussion with sunil about this though ? no . yeah , you should talk with him . no , i mean , because thethethethe whole problem that happened before was coordination , soso you need to discuss with him what we 're doing , uh , cuz they could be doing the same thing andor something . we justwe just have to be in contact more . i think thatthethe fact that wewe did that withhad that thing with the latencies was indicative of the fact that there was n't enough communication .", "summary": "decisions: need to discuss any new investigation with partners to make sure work is not repeated ."}
{"dialogue": "do you have news from the conference talk ? yesterday morning on video conference . no , nobody 's told me anything . no , that would have been a good thing to find out before this meeting , i mean , let 'slet 's assume for right now that we 're just kind of plugging on ahead , because even if they tell us that , uh , the rules are different , uh , we 're still interested in doing what we 're doing .", "summary": "problems: there was a recent video conference meeting discussing the cellular project , but no one from the group attended and so do not know if it has any implications for their work , if any important decisions were made ."}
{"dialogue": "so it would be around two hundred and forty justjust barely in there . what 's the allowable ? two - fifty , unless they changed the rules . which there isthere 's some discussion of . what were they thinking of changing it to ? uh , well the people who had very low latency want it to be lowuh , very <laugh> very very narrow , uh , latency bound . and the people who have longer latency do n't . unfortunately we 're the main ones with long latency , and basically the best proposal had something like thirty or forty milliseconds of latency .", "summary": "problems: this includes decisions on the desired latency for the system , since the group is currently at the limit ."}
{"dialogue": "also we were thinking toto , uh , apply the eh , spectral subtraction from ericsson and toto change the contextual klt for lda . well , there 's a lot of different ways of computing the noise spectrum . it seems like this kind of thing could add to the latency . i mean , depending on where the window was that you used to calculatethe signal - to - noise ratio . not necessarily . cuz if you do n't look into the future , actually , it 's a mmmif - if you want to have a good estimation on non - stationary noise you have to look in thein the future . but what doeswhatwhatwhat does alcatel do ? andand france telecom . they just look in the past . i guess it works because the noise are , uh pret uh , almost stationary yeah , y i mean , you 're talking about non - stationary noise but i think that spectral subtraction is rarelyisis not gon na work really well forfor non - stationary noise , but it 's hard to that 's hard to do .", "summary": "problems: spectral subtraction , which the group is currently investigating as a method of dealing with noise , may add to the delay time , but also it is hard to do with non-linear noise ."}
