{"dialogue": "i do n't really have , uh , anything new . been working onmeeting recorder stuff . what 's new with you ? so there 's nothingnew . what 's old with you that has developed over the last week or two ? well , so we 've been mainly working on the report any - anything new on the thing that , uh , you were working on with the , uh ? i do n't have results yet . so , whatwha <laugh> wh wha what what 's going on ? well , we work in the report , too , how are , uh , uhhow are things going with what you 're doing ? i took a lot of time just getting my taxes out of the way so , i 'mi 'm starting to write code now for my work but i do n't have any results yet . do you wannasay something about your stuff here ? ijust , um , continuing looking at , uh , ph uh , phonetic events , it 'sthat 's pretty much it .", "summary": "abstract: although the members of icsi 's meeting recorder group at berkeley had little progress to report , there were still a number of issues relating to their work to discuss ."}
{"dialogue": "do you think that would be the case for next week also ? what 's your projection on ? so the experiment is to , um , run our front - end like normal , with the default , uh , insertion penalties and so forth , and then tweak that a little bit and see how much of a difference it makes that 's something i 'd like to understand before we actually use something from it , ii was thinking gettinggetting us a set of acoustic events toum , to be able to distinguish between , uh , phones and words and stuff . can you give an example of an event ? so , he in this paper , um , it 's talking about phoneme recognition using acoustic events . so , things like frication or , uh , nasality . just to expand a little bit on the idea of acoustic event . there 's , umin my mind , anyways , there 's a difference between , um , acoustic features and acoustic events . and i think of acoustic features as being , um , things that linguists talk about , stuff that 's not based on data , necessarily . that 's not based on , you know , acoustic data . so they talk about features for phones , which may or may not be all that easy to measure in the acoustic signal . versus an acoustic event , which is just < mike noise > some <spikes> something in the acoustic signal <spike> that is fairly easy to measure . it 's kinda like the difference between top - down and bottom - up . i think of the acousticyou know , phonetic features as being top - down . you know , you look at the phone and you say this phone is supposed to beyou know , have this feature , this feature , and this feature . whether tha those features show up in the acoustic signal is sort of irrelevant . whereas , an acoustic event goes the other way . here 's the signal . here 's some event . and then thatyou know , that may map to this phone sometimes , and so it 's sort of a different way of looking .", "summary": "abstract: these included making plans for upcoming experiments , clarifying definitions , and approaches which may or may not be against the rules of the aurora project , alongside alternatives that would not be ."}
{"dialogue": "so , my suggestion , though , is that youyou not necessarily finish that . but that you put it all together so that it 'syou 've gotyou 've got a clearer structure to it . so that , you knowso that such a thing can be written . and right now it 's kind of important that we actually go forward with experiments .", "summary": "abstract: there was also debate about the necessary continuation of a group report ."}
{"dialogue": "i was saying hynek 'll be here next week , uh , wednesday through friday uh , through saturday , i wo n't be here thursday and friday . but my suggestion is that , uh , at least for this meeting , people should go ahead , uh , cuz hynek will be here , so maybe i can have that for next week when hynek 's here . maybethat 's maybe a topic especially if you talk with him when i 'm not here , that 's a topic you should discuss with hynek to , you know , double check it 's ok . well , this 'll be , i think , something for discussion with hynek next week .", "summary": "abstract: plans were also made with regard to a visitor from research partner ogi"}
{"dialogue": "so the experiment is to , um , run our front - end like normal , with the default , uh , insertion penalties and so forth , and then tweak that a little bit and see how much of a difference it makes so by `` our front - end `` i mean take , you know , the aurora - two s take some version that stephane has that is , you know , our current best version of something . howhow much , uh , does it improve if you actually adjust that ? when you adjusted those numbers for mel cepstrum , did it ? uh , ii do n't remember off the top of my head . yeah . i did n't even write them down . looking at thei wrote down what the deletions , substitutions , and insertions were , for different numbers of states per phone . um , but , uh , thatthat 's all i wrote down . i would need to do that . i can do that for next week . but i think it would beit 'd be good to know that . so maybe i can have that for next week when hynek 's here .", "summary": "decisions: for next weeks meeting , speaker me018 will provide numbers on his experiments into adjusting insertion penalties ."}
{"dialogue": "y yeah . basically we we 've stopped , uh , experimenting , so , my suggestion , though , is that youyou not necessarily finish that . but that you put it all together so that it 'syou 've gotyou 've got a clearer structure to it . you know what things are , you have things documented , you 've looked things up that you needed to look up . so that , you knowso that such a thing can be written . whenwhenwhen do you leave again ? first of july . and that you figure on actually finishing it inin june . because , you know , you 're gon na have another bunch of results to fit in there anyway . and right now it 's kind of important that we actually go forward with experiments . soso , ii think it 's good to pause , and to gather everything together and make sure it 's in good shape , so that other people can get access to it and so that it can go into a report in june . but i think <inbreath> toto really work onon fine - tuning the report n at this point isis probably bad timing , iithink .", "summary": "decisions: speaker me013 feels that mn007 and fn002 should just put together the coherent bare-bones of their report , and move back to experimenting , leaving the report for the end of the project ."}
{"dialogue": "maybethat 's maybe a topic especially if you talk with him when i 'm not here , that 's a topic you should discuss with hynek to , you know , double check it 's ok . there is also the spectral subtraction , i think maybe we should , uh , try to integrate it inin our system . i think that would involve to <breath> to mmm <mouth> use a bigaal already a big bunch of the system of ericsson . because he has spectral subtraction , then it 's followed by , <mouth> um , other kind of processing that 'sare dependent on theuh , if it 's speech or noi or silence . and s ii think it 's important , um , <mouth> to reduce this musical noise and thisthis increase of variance during silence portions . this was in this would involve to take almost everything fromfrom thethis proposal and then just add some kind of on - line normalization inin the neural network . well , this 'll be , i think , something for discussion with hynek next week .", "summary": "decisions: he also feels that they should discuss some aspects of future work , for clarity 's sake , with the visitor from ogi ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , so the next question to ask , which is i think the one thatthatthat andreas was dre addressing himself to in the lunch meeting , is , um , we 're not supposed to adjust the back - end , but anybody using the system would . if you were just adjusting the back - end , how much better would you do , uh , in noise ? uh , because the language scaling and insertion penalties and so forth are probably set to be about right for mel cepstrum . but , um , they 're probably not at all set right for these things , as for these other things , it may turn out that , uh , <inbreath> it 's kind of reasonable . i mean , andreas gave a very reasonable response , and he 's probably not gon na be the only one who 's gon na say this in the future peoplepeople within this tight - knit community who are doing this evaluation <inbreath> are accepting , uh , more or less , that these are the rules . but , people outside of it who look in at the broader picture are certainly gon na say `` well , wait a minute . you 're doing all this standing on your head , uh , on the front - end , when all you could do is just adjust this in the back - end with one s one knob . `` so we have to at least , i think , determine that that 's not true , and as you sayas you point outfinding ways to then compensate for that in the front - end < clears throat > also then becomes a priority for this particular test , that 's permitted ? well , ogi doesdid that . at some point they did that forfor the voice activity detector . the rules as i understand it , is that in principle the italian and the spanish and the english italian and the finnish and the english ? were development data and spanish , yeah . on which you could adjust things . and theand the german and danish were the evaluation data . and then when they finally actually evaluated things they used everything . itit does n't appear that there 's strong evidence that even though things were somewhat tuned on those three or four languages , thatthat going to a different language really hurt you . and the noises were not exactly the same . i mean they were different drives . different cars . it 's tuned more than , you know , aaaa you 'd really like to have something that needed no particular noise at all , but that 's not really what this contest is . that 's something i 'd like to understand before we actually use something from it , it 's probably something that , mmm , theyou know , the , uh , experiment designers did n't really think about , because i think most people are n't doing trained systems , or , you know , uh , systems that are like ours , where you actually use the data to build models . i mean , they justdoing signal - processing . except that , uh , that 's what we used in aurora one , and then they designed the things for aurora - two knowing that we were doing that . and they did n't forbid us to build models on the data ? no . but , i thinki think that itit it probably would be the case that if , say , we trained on italian , uh , data and then , uh , we tested on danish data and it did terribly , uh , thatthat it would look bad . and i think someone would notice maybethat 's maybe a topic especially if you talk with him when i 'm not here , that 's a topic you should discuss with hynek to , you know , double check it 's ok .", "summary": "problems: the main project the group is working on , aurora , has a number of rules attaches as to what developers can and can not play with , but this needs to be clarified ."}
{"dialogue": "as for these other things , it may turn out that , uh , <inbreath> it 's kind of reasonable . i mean , andreas gave a very reasonable response , and he 's probably not gon na be the only one who 's gon na say this in the future peoplepeople within this tight - knit community who are doing this evaluation <inbreath> are accepting , uh , more or less , that these are the rules . but , people outside of it who look in at the broader picture are certainly gon na say `` well , wait a minute . you 're doing all this standing on your head , uh , on the front - end , when all you could do is just adjust this in the back - end with one s one knob . `` so we have to at least , i think , determine that that 's not true , and as you sayas you point outfinding ways to then compensate for that in the front - end < clears throat > also then becomes a priority for this particular test ,", "summary": "problems: the rules are adhered to in the small community , but make no sense from a broader research perspective ."}
{"dialogue": "are you discovering anything , uh , that makes you scratch your head as you write this report , like why did we do that , or why did n't we do this , uh . yeah . actually , there were some tables that were also with partial results . we just noticed that , wh while gathering the result that for some conditions we did n't have everything .", "summary": "problems: while writing their report , mn007 and fn002 have noticed some tables contain only partial results , and there are things they do not recall the reasoning behind ."}
