{"dialogue": "sunil 's here for the summer , sunil since you 're <inbreath> haven'thave n't been at one of these yet , why do n't yo you tell us what 'swhat 's up with you ?", "summary": "abstract: the icsi meeting recorder group at berkley have a temporary new member on loan from research partner ogi ."}
{"dialogue": "sunil since you 're <inbreath> haven'thave n't been at one of these yet , why do n't yo you tell us what 'swhat 's up with you ? uh , the otherother thing what i tried was , i just um , uh , took the baseline and then ran it with the endpoint inf uh th information , just the aurora baseline , to see that how much the baseline itself improves by just supplying the information of thei mean the w speech and nonspeech . i found that the baseline itself improves by twenty - two percent by just giving the wuh . because thethe secondthe new phase is going to be with the endpointed speech . and just to get a feel of how much the baseline itself is going to change by adding this endpoint information , i just , uh , use so people wo n't even have to worry about , uh , doing speech - nonspeech then . yeah", "summary": "abstract: he began the meeting by reporting his recent activities , which included looking at the new baseline system ."}
{"dialogue": "and then just uh , i guess uh , progress reports individually , and then uh , plans for where we go between now and then , pretty much . so maybe uh , just briefly , you could remind us about the related experiments . cuz you did some stuff that you talked about last week , the main thing that we did is just to take the spectral subtraction from the france telecom , we are playingwe are also playing , trying to put other spectral subtraction mmm , in the code . it would be a very simple spectral subtraction , on the um , mel energies anything else going on ? i do n't have good result , with theinc including the new parameters ,", "summary": "abstract: the other members of the group also reported their recent progress in areas such as spectral subtraction and voicing detection ."}
{"dialogue": "with whatwhat other new p new parameter ? so maybeyou probably need to back up a bit i tried to include another new parameter to the traditional parameter , that , like , the auto - correlation , the r - zero and r - one over r - zero and another estimation of the var the variance of the difference forof the spec si uh , spectrum of the signal andand the spectrum of time after filt mel filter bank . the idea is to found another feature for discriminate between voice sound and unvoice sound . and we try to use this new featurefeature . anything on your end you want to talk about ? sunil hasn'thas n't heard about uh , what i 've been doing . so basically that 's just , um , trying to propose um , uh , your next youryour following years ofof your phd work , tryingtrying to find a project toto define andand to work on . so , i 've been , uh , looking into , um , doing something about r uh , speech recognition using acoustic events . um , building robust um , primary detectors for these acoustic events , and using the outputs of these robust detectors to do speech recognition .", "summary": "abstract: they also explained some of their projects to their guest ."}
{"dialogue": "i could say a few words about um , some of the uh , compute stuff that 's happening around here , so that people in the group know . so we just put in an order for about twelve new machines , uh , to use as sort of a compute farm . and andreas has sort of gotten that all uh , fixed up and up to speed . and he 's got a number of little utilities that make it very easy to um , <mouth> run things using p - make and customs . and i can send an email around or , maybe i should do an faq on the web site about it or something . how about an email that points to the faq , and , if you say that and then some job that you want to execute , uh , it will find the fastest currently available machine , and export your job to that machine , and , so , soon , when we get all the new machines up , <mouth> um , e then we 'll have lots more compute to use . there 's a lot of nice features to it and it kinda helps to balance the load of the machines", "summary": "abstract: the group shall soon be taking delivery of more machines for a computation farm , and they discussed some software tools for running large processes ."}
{"dialogue": "and i can send an email around or , maybe i should do an faq on the web site about it or something . how about an email that points to the faq ,", "summary": "decisions: speaker me018 will construct an faq about the new computing tools and setup , and email details ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean we 've had these discussions before , andand one of the things that struck me was thatuh , about this line of thought that was particularly interesting to me was that we umwhenever you condense things , uh , in an irreversible way , um , you throw away some information . and so the question is , uh , can we figure out if there 's something we 've thrown away that we should n't have . when they were looking at the difference between the filter bank and the fft that was going into the filter bank , i was thinking `` oh , ok , so they 're picking on something they 're looking on it to figure out noise , or voicevoiced property whatever . `` but for me sort of the interesting thing was , `` well , but is there just something in that difference which is useful ? `` so another way of doing it , maybe , would be just to take the fft uh , power spectrum , and feed it into a neural network , and , you know , maybe if it 's used in combination , it will get at something that we 're missing . it 's just a thought . yeah , i cani will try to do that .", "summary": "decisions: fn002 agrees to try an alternative approach to her new feature for voicing detection ."}
