{"dialogue": "let 's see , maybe we should just get a list of items i guess there 's the usualupdates , everybody going around and saying , uh , you know , what they 're working on , the things that happened the last week .", "summary": "abstract: the icsi meeting recorder group at berkeley met once more to discuss group members ' progress ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i 've been working onon t mainly on on - line normalization this week . uh , i 've been trying differentslightlyslightly different approaches . yeah . i 've been playing a little bit with some kind of thresholding , how about you , sunil ? so , um , i 've been , uh , implementing this , uh , wiener filtering for this aurora task . oh . how about you , carmen ? mmm . i 'm working with vts .", "summary": "abstract: the majority of the group are working on tasks related to the aurora project , including on-line normalization and wiener filtering ."}
{"dialogue": "how about you , barry ? um , <mouth> still working on mymy quals preparation stuff . so , um , <mouth> i guess i 'll just pass it on to dave . well , in my lunch talk last week ii said i 'd tried phase normalization and gotten garbage results using that l um , long - term mean subtraction approach .", "summary": "abstract: other progress was also reported ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: a large part of the meeting was spent discussing calculations and approaches using the white-board in the room ."}
{"dialogue": "so do you maybe make errors in different places ? different kinds of errors ? i did n't look , uh , more closely . i i really would like to suggest looking , um , a little bit at the kinds of errors . i know you can get lost in that and go forever and not see too much , but <breath> sometimes , just seeing that each of these things did n't make things better may not be enough . it may be that they 're making them better in some ways and worse in others , or increasing insertions and decreasing deletions , you know , helping with noisy case but hurting in quiet case . and if you saw that then maybe youit would <mouth> something would occur to you of how to deal with that .", "summary": "decisions: at me013 's behest , the group need to look closer at the errors made in tests on the aurora project , because the error rate may not be telling the whole picture ."}
{"dialogue": "a third thing is that , um , <outbreath> i play a little bit with the , um <outbreath> finding what was different between , um , he had the france telecom blind equalization in the system . the number o of mfcc that waswere used was different . you used thirteen and we used fifteen . uh , so thetheright now , thethe system that is there in thewhat we have in the repositories , withuses fifteen . so , we haven'tw we have been always using , uh , fifteen coefficients , not thirteen ? um , i 'll t s run some experiments to see whetheronce i have this < 3 tongue taps > noise compensation to see whether thirteen and fifteen really matters or not . never tested it with the compensation , but without , <breath> uh , compensation it was like fifteen was s slightly better than thirteen ,", "summary": "decisions: mn052 volunteers to run some experiments into how different numbers of mfccs affect results ."}
{"dialogue": "well , in my lunch talk last week ii said i 'd tried phase normalization and gotten garbage results using that l um , long - term mean subtraction approach . it turned out there was a bug in my matlab code . so , um , i 've been , uh , implementing this , uh , wiener filtering for this aurora task . ii actually thought it wasit was doing fine when i tested it once . i it 's , like , using a small section of the code . and i got , <breath> like , worse results than not using it . so , i 've been trying to find where the problem came from . and then it looks like i have some problem in the way there is somesome very silly bug somewhere . ii mean , i uh , it actuallyi it actually made the whole thing worse . and it 's , likew it 'sit 's very horrible . i was likei 'm trying to find where the m m problem came ,", "summary": "problems: some previously reported results from me026 were determined to be garbage due to a bug in the codespeaker mn052 also feels that his strange results are down to a bug ."}
