{"dialogue": "so , should we just do the same kind of deal where wego around and do , uh , status reportkind of things ?", "summary": "abstract: a typical progress report meeting for the icsi meeting recorder group at berkeley ."}
{"dialogue": "so , should we just do the same kind of deal where wego around and do , uh , status reportkind of things ? why do n't you go ahead , barry ? well , this past week i 've just been , uh , getting down and dirty into writing mymy proposal . so , uh , you want to go next , dave ? last week i finally got results from the sri system about this mean subtraction approach . and i also , um , did some experimentsabout normalizing the phase . do you want to go , stephane ? i 'm more interested in trying to figure out what 's still the difference between the sri system and the aurora system . th i 've been playing with this wiener filter , like . how about you , carmen ? well , i am still working with , eh , vts .", "summary": "abstract: each of the group reported their most recent progress , and any results they have achieved ."}
{"dialogue": "wh why would that be , um , <breath> considering that we actually got an improvement in near - mike performance using htk ? uh , with some input from , uh , andreas , i have a theory in two parts . becausethis is also one big difference betweenthe two systems . the other differences werethe fact that maybe the acoustic models of the sri are moresri system are more complex . you know , they have channel adaptation . well , there 's also the normalization .", "summary": "abstract: this then prompted discussion about the reasons behind such findings , which were for the most part not as expected ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm more interested in trying to figure out what 's still the difference between the sri system and the aurora system . uh , the next thing is thisthis vad problem that , uh , the second thing is thethis spectral subtraction . which i 've just started yesterday to launch a bunch of , uh , <noise> twenty - five experiments , uh , with different , uh , values for the parameters that are used .", "summary": "abstract: topics the group touched upon included spectral subtraction , phase normalization , voice activity detection , along with comparisons between systems ."}
{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "decisions: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "o o one thing , um , i noticed is that , um , the mean subtraction seems to make the pzm signals louder after they 've been re - synthesized . so i was wondering , is it possible that one reason it helped with the aurora baseline system isjust as a kind of gain control ? cuz some of the pzm signals sound pretty quiet if you do n't amplify them . i do n't see whywhy your signal is louder after processing , i do n't think just multiplying the signal by two would have any effect . i mean , i think if you really have louder signals , what you mean is that you havebetter signal - to - noise ratio . i think , maybei did n't look , but one thing that makes a difference is this dc offset compensation . uh , ehdo y did you have a look atat the meet uh , meeting digits , if they have a dc component , no . the dc component could be negligible . i mean , anyall of the mikes have the dc removalsome capacitor sitting right inthat bias it . yeah . the microphone is n't gon na pass any dc . actually , there areinstrumentation mikes thatthat do passgo down to dc . no , it 's the electronics . then there 's amplification afterwards . you can have dc offset in the data .", "summary": "problems: a couple of issues have arisen that need to be looked into further such as dc-offset and effects of pzm signals ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we s decide to m toto obtain the new expression if we work in the cepstral domain . but <laugh> i 'm not sure if that will be usefu useful . it 's quite a lotit 's a lot of work . and i want to know ifif we have somefeeling thatthe result i do n't have any feeling if this will work better than apply vts aft in cepstral domain will work better than apply in m melin filter bank domain . i don'ti do n't know absolutely nothing . yeah . well , you 'rei think you 're the first one here to work with vts , uh , maybe we could call someone else up who has , i don'ti do n't have a good feeling for it .", "summary": "problems: speaker fn002 is worried about running vts in the cepstral domain , because it requires a lot of work , and it is not clear that it will be much better than running it in the mel domain ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , the next thing is thisthis vad problem that , so , i 'm just talking about thethe curves that ii sent <breath> i sent you so , whi that shows that <mouth> when the snr decrease , < clears throat > uh , the currentvad approach does n't drop much framesfor some particular noises , uh , which might be then noises that are closer to speech , uh , acoustically . i i just to clarify something for me . they were supp supposedly , in the next evaluation , they 're going to be supplying us with boundaries . so does any of this matter ? first of all , the boundaries might be , uhlike we would have t two hundred milliseconds orbefore and after speech . so removing more than that might still makea differencein the results . do we ? i mean , is there some reason that we think that 's the case ? no . but maybe we 'll get some insight on that whenwhen , uh , the gang gets back from crete .", "summary": "problems: similarly , since at the next stage of the project data will have marked boundaries , it is not clear that voice-activity detection is worth pursuing ."}
