{"dialogue": "so , um , <mouth> i guess we got lots to catch up on . and we have n't met for a couple of weeks .", "summary": "abstract: the icsi meeting recorder group of berkeley met for the first time in two weeks ."}
{"dialogue": "so , um , since we 're looking at putting this , ummean log m magnitude spectral subtraction , um , into the smartkom system , i i did a test seeing if , um , it would work using past onlyand plus the present to calculate the mean . so i 've been working on that wiener filtering . so , < clears throat > i 've been , uh , working still on the spectral subtraction .", "summary": "abstract: group members reported their progress in the areas of spectral subtraction , wiener filtering and noise estimation ."}
{"dialogue": "i do n't know much aboutas much as i should about the rest of the system but if you did first pass with , um , thewitheither without the mean sub subtraction or with aa very short time one , and then , um , once you , uh , actually had the whole utterance in , if you did , um , the , uh , uh , longer time version then , based on everything that you had , um , and then at that point only used it to distinguish between , you know , top n , um , possible utterances or something , youyou mightit might not take very much time . i mean , i know in the large vocabulary stu uh , uh , systems , people were evaluating on in the past , some people really pushed everything in to make it in one pass but other people did n't and had multiple passes . the argument , um , against multiple passes was u u has often been `` but we want to this to be r you knowhave a nice interactive response `` . and the counterargument to that which , say , uh , bbn i think had , was `` yeah , but our second responses aresecond , uh , passes and third passes are really , really fast `` . do we know yet ? aboutas far as what they 'rewhat the rules are going to be and what we can use ? so actually i received aa new document , describing this . and what they did finally is to , mmm , uh , not to align the utterances but to perform recognition , um , only on the close - talking microphone , and to take the result of the recognition to get the boundaries uh , of speech . oh , so they will send files so everybody will have the same boundaries to work with ? yeah . all of that sort of stuff is things that they 're debating in their standards committee . andand that 's sort of one of the because if we completely ignore latency , and then we discover that we really have to do something about it , we 're going to befind ourselves in a bind .", "summary": "abstract: they also discusses topics relating to the rules and preferences of the project they are working on , including single vs multiple passes ."}
{"dialogue": "can i ask just aa high level question ? can you just say like one or two sentences about wiener filtering and whywhy are people doing that ? i mean , so the basic principle of wiener filter is like you try to minimize the , uh , d uh , difference between the noisy signal and the clean signal and for this i u simply used some code that , uh , < breath-laugh > i had fromfrom belgium , which is technique that , um , takes a bunch of frame , and for each frequency bands of this frame , takes a look at the minima of the energy . and then average these minima and take this as anan energy estimate of the noise for this particular frequency band .", "summary": "abstract: a number of the group also took time to explain the basics of their approaches to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "just for a visit ? uh , we 'll see . we mightmight end up with some longer collaboration or something . so he 's gon na look in on everything we 're doing and give us hishis thoughts . and uh hans - uh , hans - guenter will be here , um , i think by nextnext tuesday or so . so he 'she 's going to be here for about three weeks ,", "summary": "abstract: there are hopes that a visitor coming for three weeks , may lead to a longer term collaboration ."}
{"dialogue": "th - that 's his spectral subtraction group ? is that right ? yeah . so i guess i should probably talk to him a bit too ? yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the visitor works on spectral subtraction , so speaker me026 will make sure he talks to him ."}
{"dialogue": "but the spectral subtraction scheme that you reported on also re requires aa noise estimate . yeah . could n't you try this for that ? do you think it might help ? yeah , forfor sure i will . i can try also , mmm , the spectral subtraction .", "summary": "decisions: speaker mn007 agreed , at me013 's suggestion , to try his noise compensation scheme in compensation with the prior work on spectral subtraction ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , another thing that iit 's important to mention is , um , that this has a this has some additional latency . and i noticed that it 's better if we take into account this latency . it 's depending on how all this stuff comes out we may or may not be able to add any latency . b but i do n't think we have to worry too much on that right now whileyou kno . i would worry about it a little . because if we completely ignore latency , and then we discover that we really have to do something about it , we 're going to befind ourselves in a bind . andand that 's sort of one of the all of that sort of stuff is things that they 're debating in their standards committee .", "summary": "problems: in implementing smoothing to the spectral subtraction , latency has been increased ; while some feel this is nothing to worry about , others feel it is better to worry now , in case it turns out to be something to worry about ."}
