{"dialogue": "anyway we < clears throat > after coming back from qualcomm we had , you know , very strong feedback and , uh , i think it was <breath> hynek and guenter 's and my opinion also that , um , you know , we sort of spread out to look at a number of different ways of doing noise suppression . but given the limited time , uh , it was sort of time tochoose one . uh , and so , uh , th the vector taylor series had n't really worked out that much . uh , the subspace stuff , uh , had not been worked with so much . um , so it sort of came down to spectral subtraction versus wiener filtering . uh , we had a long discussion about how they were the same and how they were d uh , completely different .", "summary": "abstract: icsi 's meeting recorder group have returned from a meeting with some important decisions to make ."}
{"dialogue": "so instead they went to yosemite and bonded , andand they came out with a singlesingle piece of software . so it 's <breath> anotheranother victory for international collaboration . soso you guys have combinedor you 're going to be combining the software ? well , the piece of software has , like , plenty of options , so depending on that , itit becomes either spectral subtraction or wiener filtering . but the thing isthe important thing is that there is a piece of software that youthat we all will be using now .", "summary": "abstract: they have developed a piece of software which allows them to implement their two main approaches to dealing with noise ."}
{"dialogue": "but , stillso , there will be a piece of software with , <mouth> < clears throat > uh , will give this system , the fifty - three point sixty - six , by default howhow ishow good is that ? it 's just one percent off of thebest proposal . it 's betweeni we are second actually if we take this system . compared to the last evaluation numbers ? yeah . yeah . so itso , um , it 'sit it 's not using our full bal bag of tricks , if you will . and , uh , and itit is , uh , very close in performance to the best thing that was there before . uh , but , you know , looking at it another way , maybe more importantly , uh , <breath> we did n't have any explicit noise , uh , handling we did n't explicitly have anything to deal with stationary noise .", "summary": "abstract: the base rate is currently set at the second best rate as of the last project evaluation , and it does not yet include everything the group have been working on ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , i gather you haveit sounds like you have a few more days ofof nailing things down with the software and so on . butand thenbut , um , <sniff> arguably what we should do is , even though the software can do many things , we should for now pick a set of things , and not change that . and then focus oneverything that 's left . so there 's the neural net issue . there 's the vad issue . and , uh , there 's the second streamthing . what was the issue with the vad ? i guess they still allow two hundred milliseconds on either side or some ? and all the speech pauses , which issometimes on the speechdat - car you have pauses that are more than one or two seconds . we cou we can do better , i think , so , our current vad isis more than twenty percent , while their is fourteen . that 'sthat 's a good set of work thatthat , uh just one more thing . like , should we do something f more for the noise estimation , yeah . i was wondering about that .", "summary": "abstract: with this in mind , they have decided to set most things , and concentrate on studying only a few key aspects , the neural network , the voice activity detector , and the noise estimation ."}
{"dialogue": "and i think , you know , that our goal should be by next week , when hynek comes back , <breath> uh , touh , really just to have a firm path , uh , for theyou know , for the time he 's gone , ofof , uh , what things will be attacked .", "summary": "decisions: by the time a senior member of their research partners ogi returns , they want to have a firm plan of what they will be doing ."}
{"dialogue": "we do still , however , have to consider its latency . we ca n't have unlimited amounts of latency . uh , y you know , that 's still being debated by theby people in europe but , <breath> uh , no matter how they end up there , it 's not going to be unlimited amounts , so wei mean , ifso if weifso which is like if we reduce the delay of va yeah . theyou smooth it and then delay the decision by so that 'sthat 's really notnot bad . so we may in factwe 'll see what they decide . we may in fact have , <breath> um , thethe , uh , latency time available forto have a neural net . what amount of latency are you thinking about when you say that ? you know , they 're saying , uhone group is saying a hundred and thirty milliseconds and another group is saying two hundred and fifty milliseconds .", "summary": "problems: system latency is still an issue , but limits have still not been set by the project heads ."}
{"dialogue": "so the frame - dropping is the last thing that we do . did you happen to notice how much , <breath> uh , the change was due to just this frame - dropping problem ? just the frame - dropping problem . and then we have to be careful with that alsowith the neural net because inthe proposal the neural net was also , uh , working onafter frame - dropping . oh , that 's a real good point .", "summary": "problems: the group have encountered problems with frame-dropping , and will need to bear that in mind since their neural network would come after that stage ."}
