{"dialogue": "none", "summary": "abstract: icsi 's meeting recorder group at berkeley met mainly to discuss work on their main project , the aurora task , but also talked about the work of one of their student members ."}
{"dialogue": "sowewe had a meeting with , uhwith hynek , um , inin which , uh , uh , sunil and stephane , uh <mouth> summarized where they were andand , uh , talked about where we were gon na go . so thatthat happened sort of mid - week . but i guess maybe the thingsince you weren'tyo you guys were n't at thatthat meeting , might be justjust to , um , sort of recap , uh , thethe conclusions of the meeting . you 're talking about the meeting with hynek ? since he 's going out of town like now , and i 'm going out town in a couple weeks , uh , and time is marching , sort of , given all the mu many wonderful things we could be working on , whatwhat will we actually focus on ? and , uhand what do we freeze ? and , you know , what do we ? and then within that , i guess the idea was to freeze a certain set of options for now , to run it , uh , a particular way , and decide on what things are gon na be experimented with , as opposed to just experimenting with everything . so keep a certain set of things constant . uh , maybe describe roughly whatwhat we are keeping constant for now , well . so we 've been working like six weeks onon the noise compensation and we end up with something that seems reasonable . are you gon na usewhich of the two techniques ? so finally it 'sit 's , um , wiener filtering on fft bins . so we are going to fix this for the moment and work on the other aspects of < clears throat > the whole system . but structurally it seemed like the thingsthe main things thatthat we brought up that , uh , areare gon na need to get worked on seriously are , uh , uh , a < clears throat > a significantly better vad , uh , putting the neural net on , um , which , you know , we have n't been doing anything with , the , uh , neural net at the end there , and , uh , the , uh , <breath> opening up the second front .", "summary": "abstract: some members of the group met recently with research partners to settle on the current state of their software , and decide on the future work they would investigate , and these decisions were relayed to the rest of the group ."}
{"dialogue": "but structurally it seemed like the thingsthe main things thatthat we brought up that , uh , areare gon na need to get worked on seriously are , uh , uh , a < clears throat > a significantly better vad , uh , putting the neural net on , um , which , you know , we have n't been doing anything with , the , uh , neural net at the end there , and , uh , the , uh , <breath> opening up the second front . the other half of the channel ? yeah , yeah , i mean , cuz wewe havewe have , uh , uh , half thethe , uh , data rate that they allow . and , uh , so the initial thing which came from , uh , the meeting that we had down south was , uh , that , um , we 'll initially just put in a mel spectrum as the second one . it 's , you know , cheap , easy . there 's a question about exactly how we do it . we probably will go to something better later , andand , < clears throat > um , you know , in some sense we 're all doing fairly similar things . so how did they fill up thisall thesethese bits ? um , why are we using half ? we have the on - line normalization and then we have the lda rasta . the lda rasta , uh , throws away high modulation frequencies . and they 're not doing that . so that if you throw away high modulation frequencies , then you can downsample . and , uh , so iyou know , wewe 've found in a lot of ways for quite a while that having a second stream uh , helps a lot . so that 'sthat 's put in , and you know , it may even end up with mel spectrum even though i 'm saying i think we could do much better , just because it 's simple . so this second stream , will it add latency to the system no , it 's in parallel . we 're not talking about computation time here . so it 's just in terms of what data it 's depending on . it 's depending on the same data as the other .", "summary": "abstract: of the three areas for the future , they touched mostly upon the use of a second , parallel , data stream ."}
{"dialogue": "what about the , umuh , the new part of the evaluation , the , uh , wall street journal part ? have you ever worked with the mississippi state h uh , software ? not yet . well youyou may be called upon to help , uh , uh , on account of , uh , all the work in this stuff here has been , uh , with small vocabulary . ok . oh , so they 're gon na just deliver a system basically . yeah , th ii guess it 's almost ready . so they have released their , uh , document , describing the system . cuz one of the things that might be helpful , if you 'veif you 've got time in all of this is , is ifif these guys are really focusing on improving , uh , all the digit stuff , uh , maybeand you got the front - end from them , maybe you could do the runs for the sure . andand , you know , iron out hassles thatthat you have to , uh , tweak joe about or whatever , because you 're more experienced with running the large vocabulary stuff . so i 'll point you to the web site and the mails corresponding . so these sugges thesethis , uh , period during which people are gon na make suggestions is to know whether it is actually biased towards any set of features or yeah , so i th th certainly the thing that i would want to know about is whether we get really hurt , uh , on in insertion penalty , language model , scaling , sorts of things . using our features . uh , in which case , um , h hari or hynek will need to , you know , push the casemore aboutabout this . and we may be able to revisit this idea about , you know , somehow modifying our features to work with", "summary": "abstract: the group also discussed a new part to the evaluation , the use of a chunk of the wall street journal ."}
{"dialogue": "got anything to tell us ? well , i 've been reading some literature about clustering of data . ok , so we 're talking about discovering intermediate categories to , umto classify . and , uh , i was looking at some of the work that , uh , sangita was doing on these traps things . so she has , umshe has temporal patterns for , um , a certain set of phonemes , fromfrom timit , um , and , um , i was thinking about ways toto generalize this because w you 'reit 's sort of like ait 's not a completely automatic way of clustering , are you looking at these in narrow bands ? yeah , i mean , it seems somehow that needs th uh , there 's a couple things that i wonder about with this . i mean , if you 're going for this sort of thing where you haveuh , little detectors that are looking at narrow bands , then what you 're going to be looking for should be some category that you can find with the narrow bands . um , the sort of standard answer about this sort of thing is that if you 're trying to findthe right system in some sense , whether you 're trying by categories oror parametersum , and your goal is discrimination , then having choices based on discrimination as opposed to , um , unsupervised nearness of things , um , is actually better . um , and i do n't know if thati mean , since you 're dealing with issues of robustness , you know , maybemaybe this is n't right , but it 'd be something i 'd be concerned about . because , for instance , you can imagine , uh , uh , i i if you remember fromfrom , uhfrom youryour quals , john ohala saying that , uh , `` buh `` and `` puh `` differed , uh , not really cuz of voicing but because of aspiration . so , um , if you lookedif you were doing some coarse clustering , you probably would put those two sounds together . and yet , i would gue i would guess that many of your recognition errors were coming from , uh , um , pfft , screwing up on this distinction . if you go and take any recognizer that 's already out there and you say , `` how well is it distinguishing betweenschwas and stops ? `` boy , i bet they 're all doing nearly perfectly on this ,", "summary": "abstract: speaker me006 is working on data clustering , and discussion of related issues led to more general acoustic matters ."}
{"dialogue": "so , i 'll , umi 'll actuallyafter the meeting i 'll add the second stream to the vad and maybe i 'll start with the feature net in that case . ok , so just figure how to take the features from the final", "summary": "decisions: after the meeting , mn052 volunteered to get the second data stream up and running in the current software ."}
{"dialogue": "have you ever worked with the mississippi state h uh , software ? not yet . well youyou may be called upon to help , uh , uh , on account of , uh , all the work in this stuff here has been , uh , with small vocabulary . ok . cuz one of the things that might be helpful , if you 'veif you 've got time in all of this is , is ifif these guys are really focusing on improving , uh , all the digit stuff , uh , maybeand you got the front - end from them , maybe you could do the runs for the sure . andand , you know , iron out hassles thatthat you have to , uh , tweak joe about or whatever , because you 're more experienced with running the large vocabulary stuff . so i 'll point you to the web site and the mails corresponding . you know joe , just to sort of ask him about the issue of , um , different features having different kinds of , uh , scaling characteristics and so on . so sh shall we , like , add chuck also to the mailing lists ? that 'd be great . yeah , i guess maybe hari or hynek , one of them , has tosend a mail to joe . ii could send him an email . ii was just talking with him on email the other day actually . uh , yeah , and just , um , se maybe see . yeah , so maybe just cc hari and say that you 've just been asked to handle the large vocabulary part here , why do n't you just ask joe but cc hari , and then in the note say , `` hari , hopefully this is ok with you `` . and then if joe feels like he needs a confirmation , hari can answer it .", "summary": "decisions: since he has been asked to assist in a particular aspect of the work , me018 has to contact the relevant persons in order to be added to the according mailing list ."}
{"dialogue": "oh , so they 're gon na just deliver a system basically . yeah , th ii guess it 's almost ready . so they have released their , uh , document , describing the system . so these sugges thesethis , uh , period during which people are gon na make suggestions is to know whether it is actually biased towards any set of features or yeah , so i th th certainly the thing that i would want to know about is whether we get really hurt , uh , on in insertion penalty , language model , scaling , sorts of things . using our features . uh , in which case , um , h hari or hynek will need to , you know , push the casemore aboutabout this . and we may be able to revisit this idea about , you know , somehow modifying our features to work with", "summary": "problems: there is a new system coming from ogi for dealing with the wall street journal data , and me013 wanted everyone to pay attention to areas where the groups might get hurt because of their features ."}
