{"dialogue": "so what we hadwas that we were gon na talk about data collection , so <outbreath> so the questionthatthat we started with was whether there was anything else we should do duringduring th during the collection . i guess a lot of the stuff we 're doing now really is pilot", "summary": "abstract: the discussion concerned mainly ideas about data collection and the nature and generation of queries on meetings ."}
{"dialogue": "right . i mean , webecause you 'd have several people with these pads , you could collect different things . andso why do n't we just use the notes that somebody takes ? and i guess the crosspads was certainly one idea , so , i j i think we should just say this is notwe do n't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , couldcould they send it to us ? butbut if there 's some cases where they will , then it would be helpful . crosspads we were going to try ,", "summary": "abstract: meeting notes taken by participants as standard minutes or summaries , or on devices like crosspads can provide useful information ."}
{"dialogue": "but i 'm just saying first of all there 's a whole bunch of fusion issues that darpa 's interested in .", "summary": "abstract: there is also interest in the speech community for fusion of speech with visual data ."}
{"dialogue": "i think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera just to take pictures of who 's there , and then we could also put in what 's on the board . well , minimally , i mean , whatwhat dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people , like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a polaroid of the <laugh> of theof the boards , a couple digital pictures of thethe table and boards to set the context of the meeting .", "summary": "abstract: taking some photos of the whiteboard and the positioning of participants is easy enough to do ."}
{"dialogue": "and the fir third thing i wanted to say is the summaries afterwards , ie my thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , i think you would get , so , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards , yeah . i think thati think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time . and then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary .", "summary": "abstract: another option would be the recording by participants of short oral summaries of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i just do n't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say `` that 's important , but if we were asking the question , which i thought we were , ofofof , um , `` how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gon na want to ask of such a system ? `` , knowing what 's important does n't tell you what people are going to be asking . now i 'm thinking that the summarya summary , uh , is actually a reasonable , uh , bootstrap into thisinto what we 'd like to get at . the question i had about queries was , um , so what we 're planning to do is have people look at the summaries and then generate queries ? u ii actually think thatthat , uh , again , just as a bootstrap , if we do have something like summaries , then having the people who are involved in the meetings themselves , who are cooperative and willing to do yet more , come up withwithwith queries , uh , could at least givegive landay an idea of the kind of things that people might want to know .", "summary": "abstract: summaries could be used to bootstrap for queries , the exact nature of which remained nebulous ."}
{"dialogue": "andand th i think that might then help me to think of thingseven things that are n't listed in the summary , but just as aas aas a refresh of what the general thing was going on in the meeting . andbut for somenew reason i 'mi 'mi 'm interested ininin the old stuff . you know , if this is something that requires aa one - word answer or it 's one place in the recording versus was there general agreement on this issue of all the people who ha absolutely . so i think we 're gon na have to start with keywords i i was wondering ifif there might be one s more source of queries which is indicator phrases like `` action item `` ,", "summary": "abstract: candidate types are keyword searches , action items , elaboration on points of interest , and agreement between participants ."}
{"dialogue": "iii mean , i guess what i what ii keep coming back to in my own mind is that , um , the soonest we can do it , we need to get up some kind of system ifyou know , ifuh , as soon as we can get that going at any kind of level , then i think we 'll have a much better handle on what kind of questions people want to ask than in anyanything we do before that . well , and again , if we can figure out a way to jimmy aaaa very rough system , say in a year , thenuh , so that in the second and third years wewe actually have something to", "summary": "abstract: an initial prototype system to test any hypotheses can be pipelined ."}
{"dialogue": "and then what they 're gon na do is take the cd - rom and transfer it to analog tape oh , is this ibm ? yeah . and <breath> give it to a transcription service , uh , that will", "summary": "abstract: the recorded data will be stored on cd-rom 's and sent to ibm for transcription ."}
{"dialogue": "different level , prosody and all that sort of stuff . w mymy u feeling right now on format is you guys have been doing all the work", "summary": "abstract: there is also work being done on the annotation of prosody ."}
{"dialogue": "and , i guess we just left it as @ @ thatif there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it , but they were recorded anyway , like the congressional hearings and , you know , for legal purposes or whatever . but it includes like standard corpora that have been used for years in linguistics andother fields .", "summary": "abstract: the corpus could be enriched with found data ( public or collected by other projects ) , if those prove appropriate for use in the project ."}
{"dialogue": "to c and i 'll put together an overall cover . people are supposed to send me u r for theirfor web pages , uh , you need to put together a mailing list . we talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at uw .", "summary": "abstract: finally , project web pages and mailing list are being set up and uw are going to investigate the suitability of their recording equipment ."}
{"dialogue": "and other tasks during data collection , but if we had the crosspads , we could ask people , you know , ifif something comes up < audible closure > write it down and mark it < audible closure > somehow , so , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not tobe using that for other purposes , and each person has a note pad . they just get it when they come in the room . then you c you can just have a fffplot of wh you know , who 's writing when . but i bet that 'sthat will allow you to go into thesort of the hot places where people are writing things down . so <outbreath> so the questionthatthat we started with was whether there was anything else we should do duringduring th during the collection . and i guess the crosspads was certainly one idea , ok . so crosspads , we 're just gon na try it and see what happens . crosspads we were going to try ,", "summary": "decisions: within the piloting of data collection ideas , it was decided that crosspads are going to be used for detection of `` hot points '' during the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and the fir third thing i wanted to say is the summaries afterwards , andso why do n't we just use the notes that somebody takes ? ie my thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , i think you would get , so , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards , so , i j i think we should just say this is notwe do n't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , couldcould they send it to us ? yeah . i think thati think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time . getting electronic summary from a note - taking person if they happen to do it anyway . and then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary .", "summary": "decisions: other ideas to be tested are the use of summaries or minutes -if a group normally produce them- and the recording of oral summaries by individual participants after the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera just to take pictures of who 's there , and then we could also put in what 's on the board . well , minimally , i mean , whatwhat dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people , like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a polaroid of the <laugh> of theof the boards , a couple digital pictures of thethe table and boards to set the context of the meeting .", "summary": "decisions: photographing the contents of the board and the positions of the meeting participants will provide extra information ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm also wondering if we could ask thethe people aa question which would be `` what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting ? `` we 'lli mean , we 'llwe 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this isis to d generate queries in the future , uh , and then going around the room at the end to just sayqu ask people to mention something interesting that they learned .", "summary": "decisions: for query generation purposes , all participants will also be asked for their highlight of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and , i guess we just left it as @ @ thatif there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it ,", "summary": "decisions: the general goal regarding the corpus is to investigate the acquisition of further appropriate data through public sources or available collections of other institutions ."}
{"dialogue": "i do n't think we should have rules of participation , so i 'm just writing here , we 're not gon na try to specify rules of interaction", "summary": "decisions: as to recordings at icsi , the group agreed that imposing rules of participationin order to avoid speaker overlaps was not desirable ."}
{"dialogue": "but i think we should try toget a variety of meetings . that 's something that if we get thethe meeting stuff going at uw , that i probably can do more than you guys , so it also depends on the style of the group of people . but we 're gon na try to get more variety by i using differentgroups of people", "summary": "decisions: instead , they will aim for collecting stylistically varied data ( different group dynamics and types of meeting ) ."}
{"dialogue": "people are supposed to send me u r for theirfor web pages , to c and i 'll put together an overall cover . we talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at uw .", "summary": "decisions: further action will also be taken to close other pending issues: the web pages will be organised , the recording room will be finalised and uw will also test their recording infrastructure ."}
{"dialogue": "and , uh , once we get out beyond our little group , the people 's motivation factor , uh , reduces enormously . you 're probably not gon na geta lot of people wanting to do this . thatthat y that you can'tcertainly ca n't require it or people are n't gon na want to do this .", "summary": "problems: the recording of meetings and any possible additional tasks must be set up in a user-friendly way , otherwise it would be difficult to recruit volunteers ."}
{"dialogue": "so , i j i think we should just say this is notwe do n't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , couldcould they send it to us ? yeah . what i was gon na say is that i do n't want to ask people to do something they would n't normally do in a meeting . you 're probably not gon na geta lot of people wanting to do this . thatthat y that you can'tcertainly ca n't require it or people are n't gon na want to do this .", "summary": "problems: asking participants to do more than they normally would in a meeting could put people off ."}
{"dialogue": "but thatit 's gon na be a lot of effort on our part to create it , and store it , i think that if you have that , then people who are interested in vision can use this database . the problem with it is you 'll have more people who do n't want to be filmed than who do n't want to be recorded . but , you know , that 's a lot of infrastructure and work .", "summary": "problems: the video-recording of meetings , apart from adding an extra level of instrumentation complexity , can also make people apprehensive ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , the down - side to that is that he sort of indicated that the , uh , quality of <outbreath> the handwriting recognition was quite poor .", "summary": "problems: the usability and usefulness of crosspads is not certain ."}
{"dialogue": "but as far as i know they did n't offer that data to the community at this meeting . so there 's lots of recordings that they 're not close - talk mike ,", "summary": "problems: acquiring data from other sources will not be straightforward , as they may either not be suitable for this project or not publicly available ."}
{"dialogue": "i just do n't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say `` that 's important , but if we were asking the question , which i thought we were , ofofof , um , `` how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gon na want to ask of such a system ? `` , knowing what 's important does n't tell you what people are going to be asking . uh , i would n't have any idea what kind of questions i want to ask .", "summary": "problems: querying is also a major issue: what users would ask from a system is not clear ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , < long inbreath > < forceful outbreath > the level of the query could be , you know , very low - level or very high - level .", "summary": "problems: how this system would resolve high-level queries ( eg regarding agreement between participants ) is also hard to tell at this stage ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , so do theyhow are they gon na do the multi - channel ?", "summary": "problems: as transcription has not started yet , there was concern as to how ibm will deal with multi-channel data ."}
{"dialogue": "i just wanted to be sure that we will not be having a lot of data which ca n't be processed .", "summary": "problems: the abundance of speaker overlaps may also affect the quality of the trascription ."}
{"dialogue": "so the there will be jargon that we he there 'll be transcription errors .", "summary": "problems: however , it was accepted that some problems with the transcription of jargon are , to an extent , unavoidable ."}
