D:  So what we had  was that we were gonna talk about data collection , 
D:  So  <outbreath> so the question  that  that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during  during th during the collection . 
D:  I guess a lot of the stuff we 're doing now really is pilot 
abst_sum - abstract: The discussion concerned mainly ideas about data collection and the nature and generation of queries on meetings.

E:  Right . I mean , we  because you 'd have several people with these pads , you could collect different things . 
A:  And  So why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes ? 
D:  And I guess the CrossPads was certainly one idea , 
A:  So , I j I think we should just say this is not  we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could  could they send it to us ? 
D:  But  but if there 's some cases where they will , then it would be helpful . 
A:  CrossPads we were going to try , 
abst_sum - abstract: Meeting notes taken by participants as standard minutes or summaries, or on devices like CrossPads can provide useful information.

B:  But I 'm just saying first of all there 's a whole bunch of fusion issues that DARPA 's interested in . 
abst_sum - abstract: There is also interest in the speech community for fusion of speech with visual data.

E:  I think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera 
E:  just to take pictures of who 's there , 
E:  and then we could also put in what 's on the board . 
D:  Well , minimally , I mean , what  what Dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people , 
D:  Like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a Polaroid of the  <laugh> of the  of the boards , 
A:  a couple digital pictures of the  the table and boards to set the context of the meeting . 
abst_sum - abstract: Taking some photos of the whiteboard and the positioning of participants is easy enough to do.

H:  And the fir third thing I wanted to say is the summaries afterwards , 
H:  I  e My thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing 
H:  you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , I think you would get , 
H:  So , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards , 
A:  Yeah . I think that  I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time . 
A:  And then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary . 
abst_sum - abstract: Another option would be the recording by participants of short oral summaries of the meeting.

G:  I just don't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say " that 's important , 
D:  but if we were asking the question , which I thought we were , of  of  of , um , " how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gonna want to ask of such a system ? " , knowing what 's important doesn't tell you what people are going to be asking . 
D:  now I 'm thinking that the summary  a summary , uh , is actually a reasonable , uh , bootstrap into this  into what we 'd like to get at . 
F:  the question I had about queries was , um , so what we 're planning to do is have people look at the summaries and then generate queries ? 
D:  u I  I actually think that  that , uh , again , just as a bootstrap ,  if we do have something like summaries , then having the people who are involved in the meetings themselves , who are cooperative and willing to do yet more , come up with  with  with queries , uh , could at least give  give Landay an idea of the kind of things that people might want to know . 
abst_sum - abstract: Summaries could be used to bootstrap for queries, the exact nature of which remained nebulous.

D:  And  and th I think that might then help me to think of things  even things that aren't listed in the summary , but just as a  as a  as a refresh of what the general thing was going on in the meeting . 
D:  and  but for some  new reason I 'm  I 'm  I 'm interested in  in  in the old stuff . 
B:  you know , if this is something that requires a  a one - word answer or it 's one place in the recording versus was there general agreement on this issue of all the people who ha 
G:  Absolutely . So I think we 're gonna have to start with keywords 
H:  I I was wondering if  if there might be one s more source of queries 
H:  which is indicator phrases like " action item " , 
abst_sum - abstract: Candidate types are keyword searches, action items, elaboration on points of interest, and agreement between participants.

D:  I  I  I mean , I guess what I what I  I keep coming back to in my own mind is that , um , the soonest we can do it , we need to get up some kind of system 
D:  If  you know , if  uh , as soon as we can get that going at any kind of level , then I think we 'll have a much better handle on what kind of questions people want to ask than in any  anything we do before that . 
D:  Well , and again , if we can figure out a way to jimmy a  a  a  a very rough system , say in a year , then  uh , so that in the second and third years we  we actually have something to  
abst_sum - abstract: An initial prototype system to test any hypotheses can be pipelined.

D:  and then what they 're gonna do is take the CD - ROM and transfer it to analog tape 
G:  Oh , is this IBM ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  and <breath> give it to a transcription service , uh , that will  
abst_sum - abstract: The recorded data will be stored on CD-ROM's and sent to IBM for transcription.

G:  different level , prosody and all that sort of stuff . 
A:  W My  my u feeling right now on format is you guys have been doing all the work 
abst_sum - abstract: There is also work being done on the annotation of prosody.

B:  And , I guess we just left it as  @ @  that  if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it , 
B:  but they were recorded anyway , like the congressional hearings and , you know , for legal purposes or whatever . 
H:  But it includes like standard corpora that have been used for years in linguistics and  other fields . 
abst_sum - abstract: The corpus could be enriched with found data (public or collected by other projects), if those prove appropriate for use in the project.

A:  to c and I 'll put together an overall cover . 
A:  people are supposed to send me U R 
A:  for their  for web pages , 
A:  Uh , you need to put together a mailing list . 
D:  We talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at UW . 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, project web pages and mailing list are being set up and UW are going to investigate the suitability of their recording equipment.

D:  and other tasks during data collection , 
G:  But if we had the CrossPads , we could ask people , you know , if  if something comes up <audible closure> write it down and mark it <audible closure>  somehow , 
B:  So , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not to  be using that for other purposes ,  and each person has a note pad . They just get it when they come in the room . Then you c you can just have a fff  plot of wh you know , who 's writing when . 
B:  But I bet that 's  that will allow you to go into the  sort of the hot places where people are writing things down . 
D:  So  <outbreath> so the question  that  that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during  during th during the collection . 
D:  And I guess the CrossPads was certainly one idea , 
A:  OK . So CrossPads , we 're just gonna try it and see what happens . 
A:  CrossPads we were going to try , 
abst_sum - decisions: Within the piloting of data collection ideas, it was decided that CrossPads are going to be used for detection of "hot points" during the meeting.

H:  And the fir third thing I wanted to say is the summaries afterwards , 
A:  And  So why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes ? 
H:  I  e My thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing 
H:  you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , I think you would get , 
H:  So , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards , 
A:  So , I j I think we should just say this is not  we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could  could they send it to us ? 
A:  Yeah . I think that  I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time . 
A:  getting electronic summary from a note - taking person if they happen to do it anyway . 
A:  And then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary . 
abst_sum - decisions: Other ideas to be tested are the use of summaries or minutes -if a group normally produce them- and the recording of oral summaries by individual participants after the meeting.

E:  I think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera 
E:  just to take pictures of who 's there , 
E:  and then we could also put in what 's on the board . 
D:  Well , minimally , I mean , what  what Dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people , 
D:  Like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a Polaroid of the  <laugh> of the  of the boards , 
A:  a couple digital pictures of the  the table and boards to set the context of the meeting . 
abst_sum - decisions: Photographing the contents of the board and the positions of the meeting participants will provide extra information.

H:  I 'm also wondering if we could ask the  the people a  a question 
H:  which would be " what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting ? " 
G:  We 'll  I mean , we 'll  we 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this is  is to d generate queries in the future , 
A:  Uh , and then going around the room at the end to just say  qu ask people to mention something interesting that they learned . 
abst_sum - decisions: For query generation purposes, all participants will also be asked for their highlight of the meeting.

B:  And , I guess we just left it as  @ @  that  if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it , 
abst_sum - decisions: The general goal regarding the corpus is to investigate the acquisition of further appropriate data through public sources or available collections of other institutions.

A:  I don't think we should have rules of participation , 
A:  So I 'm just writing here , we 're not gonna try to specify rules of interaction 
abst_sum - decisions: As to recordings at ICSI, the group agreed that imposing rules of participation  in order to avoid speaker overlaps was not desirable.

A:  but I think we should try to  get a variety of meetings . 
A:  That 's something that if we get the  the meeting stuff going at UW , that I probably can do more than you guys , 
D:  So it also depends on the style of the group of people . 
A:  but we 're gonna try to get more variety by i using different  groups of people 
abst_sum - decisions: Instead, they will aim for collecting stylistically varied data (different group dynamics and types of meeting).

A:  people are supposed to send me U R 
A:  for their  for web pages , 
A:  to c and I 'll put together an overall cover . 
D:  We talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at UW . 
abst_sum - decisions: Further action will also be taken to close other pending issues: the web pages will be organised, the recording room will be finalised and UW will also test their recording infrastructure.

D:  And , uh , once we get out beyond our little group , the people 's motivation factor , uh , reduces enormously . 
A:  you 're probably not gonna get  a lot of people wanting to do this . 
D:  that  that y that you can't  certainly can't require it 
D:  or people aren't gonna want to do this . 
abst_sum - problems: The recording of meetings and any possible additional tasks must be set up in a user-friendly way, otherwise it would be difficult to recruit volunteers.

A:  So , I j I think we should just say this is not  we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could  could they send it to us ? 
G:  Yeah . What I was gonna say is that I don't want to ask people to do something they wouldn't normally do in a meeting . 
A:  you 're probably not gonna get  a lot of people wanting to do this . 
D:  that  that y that you can't  certainly can't require it 
D:  or people aren't gonna want to do this . 
abst_sum - problems: Asking participants to do more than they normally would in a meeting could put people off.

G:  But that  it 's gonna be a lot of effort on our part to create it , and store it , 
G:  I think that if you have that , then people who are interested in vision can use this database . The problem with it is you 'll have more people who don't want to be filmed than who don't want to be recorded . 
G:  But , you know , that 's a lot of infrastructure and work . 
abst_sum - problems: The video-recording of meetings, apart from adding an extra level of instrumentation complexity, can also make people apprehensive.

F:  I mean , the down - side to that is that he sort of indicated that the , uh , quality of <outbreath> the handwriting recognition was quite poor . 
abst_sum - problems: The usability and usefulness of CrossPads is not certain.

B:  But as far as I know they didn't offer that data to the community at this meeting . 
B:  So there 's lots of recordings that  
B:  They 're not close - talk mike , 
abst_sum - problems: Acquiring data from other sources will not be straightforward, as they may either not be suitable for this project or not publicly available.

G:  I just don't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say " that 's important , 
D:  but if we were asking the question , which I thought we were , of  of  of , um , " how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gonna want to ask of such a system ? " , knowing what 's important doesn't tell you what people are going to be asking . 
D:  Uh , I wouldn't have any idea what kind of questions I want to ask . 
abst_sum - problems: Querying is also a major issue: what users would ask from a system is not clear.

B:  I mean , <long inbreath> <forceful outbreath> the level of the query could be , you know , very low - level or very high - level . 
abst_sum - problems: How this system would resolve high-level queries (eg regarding agreement between participants) is also hard to tell at this stage.

G:  Uh , so do they  How are they gonna do the multi - channel ? 
abst_sum - problems: As transcription has not started yet, there was concern as to how IBM will deal with multi-channel data.

H:  I just wanted to be sure that we will not be having a lot of data which can't be processed . 
abst_sum - problems: The abundance of speaker overlaps may also affect the quality of the trascription.

A:  So the there will be jargon that we he There 'll be transcription errors . 
abst_sum - problems: However, it was accepted that some problems with the transcription of jargon are, to an extent, unavoidable.

