B:  Pass . 
B:  I think  Well , this should be off the record , 
B:  but I think  
B:  Yeah , I know . 
B:  It just  it really hurts . 
B:  It gives you a headache , 
B:  like if you  
B:  On your temple  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , with the  We kno I know . 
B:  We know exactly how much you have left in your cup . 
B:  Were we gonna do digits ? 
B:  You can write them on the board , if you want . 
B:  Liz , on channel one . 
B:  Actually  
B:  And so  
B:  I actually want to say something about the note pad . 
B:  So , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not to  be using that for other purposes ,  and each person has a note pad . They just get it when they come in the room . Then you c you can just have a fff  plot of wh you know , who 's writing when . 
B:  That 's all you  
B:  And , you can also have notes of the meeting . 
B:  But I bet that 's  that will allow you to go into the  sort of the hot places where people are writing things down . 
B:  I mean , you can tell when you 're in a meeting when everybody stops to write something down that something was just said . 
B:  It may not be kept in the later summary , 
B:  but at that point in time is was something that was important . 
B:  And that wouldn't take any extra  
B:  Or someone could just pu you could just put your hand on the pad 
B:  and go like that if you want to . 
B:  It 's  
B:  Well , then you can go to the points where the  you could actually go to those points in time 
B:  and find out what they were talking about . 
B:  And you r 
B:  And  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But I bet it 's a good  superset of it . 
B:  At least you can find the locations where there are maybe keywords 
B:  and  
B:  Right , right . 
B:  But I think  I think thinking about queries is a little bit dangerous right now . 
B:  We don't even know what  
B:  I mean , if you want to find out what any user will use , that might be true for one domain and one user , 
B:  but I mean a different domain and a different user  
B:  Um . 
B:  The summary is actually gonna drive the queries then . 
B:  I mean , your research is going to be very circular . 
B:  Right . 
B:  But you could always post - hoc label them . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Maybe Landay can put a student in to be a note - taker . 
B:  No ? 
B:  No , I mean , but someone who can come sit in on the meetings and then takes the notes with them that the real note - taker  
B:  And that way that one student has , you know , a rough idea of what was going on , 
B:  and they can use it for their research . 
B:  I mean , this isn't really necessarily what you would do in a real system , 
B:  because that that 's a lot of trouble 
B:  and maybe it 's not the best way to do it . 
B:  But if he has some students that want to study that then they should sort of get to know the people and attend those meetings , 
B:  and get the notes from the note - taker or something . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So how does the summary get generated ? 
B:  I 'm not against the idea of a summary , 
B:  but I wanted to think carefully about who 's generating it 
B:  and how  
B:  because the summary will drive the queries . 
B:  So  
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Dan ? 
B:  Y you should also have a record of what 's on the board . 
B:  I mean , I find it very  hard to reconstruct what 's going on . 
B:  I  I don't know how  
B:  I don't know how , 
B:  but for instance , I mean , the outline is sort of up here 
B:  and that 's what people are seeing . 
B:  And if you have a  
B:  Or you shou could tell people not to  to use the boards . 
B:  But there 's sort of this missing information otherwise . 
B:  Uh , y 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  People who were never at the meeting will have a very hard time understanding it otherwise . 
B:  Even people who were at the meeting . 
B:  I don't mean that you model it . 
B:  We should just  
B:  Like archiving it or storing it . 
B:  Because someone  
B:  someone later might be able to take these and say " OK , they , you know  at least these are the people who were there 
B:  and here 's sort of what they started talking about , 
B:  and  " 
B:  and just  
B:  Big , big interest . 
B:  Huge . 
B:  I mean , it  personally , I don't  I would never want to deal with it . 
B:  But I 'm just saying first of all there 's a whole bunch of fusion issues that DARPA 's interested in . 
B:  You know , fusing gesture and face recognition , 
B:  even lip movement and things like that , 
B:  for this kind of task . 
B:  And there 's also I think a personal interest on the part of Mark Liberman in this kind of  in storing these images in any data we collect 
B:  so that later we can do other things with it . 
B:  And  
B:  I think even doing something very crude  
B:  Like I know with ATIS , we just had a tape recorder running all the time . 
B:  And later on it turned out it was really good that you had a tape recorder of what was happening , 
B:  even though you w you just got the speech from the machine . 
B:  So if you can find some really , you know , low , uh , perplexity , 
B:  yeah ,  way of  of doing that , I think it would be worthwhile . 
B:  Otherwise you 'd  you lose it . 
B:  Also CMU has been doing this 
B:  and they were the most vocal at this meeting , 
B:  Alex Waibel 's group . 
B:  And they have  said , I talked to the student who had done this ,  that with two fairly inexpensive cameras they  they just recorded all the time 
B:  and were able to get all the information from  or maybe it was three  from all the parts of the room . 
B:  So I think we would be  we might lose the chance to use this data for somebody later who wants to do some kind of processing on it if we don't collect it  at all . 
B:  Or you could put a paper bag over everybody 's head 
B:  and not look at each other 
B:  and not look at boards , 
B:  and just all be sitting <breath> talking . 
B:  That would be an interes <laugh> Bu 
B:  Yeah . I definitely won't participate if there 's a camera . 
B:  No , it wa n not , um  
B:  Not for  not for CMU . 
B:  They have a pretty crude set - up . 
B:  And they had  
B:  they just turn on these cameras . 
B:  They were  they were not moving or anything . 
B:  And stored it on analog media . 
B:  And they  they didn't actually align it or anything . 
B:  They just  they have it , though . 
B:  Hmm - mm . 
B:  I think they just  
B:  I think they just had the videotapes with a c you know , a counter or something . 
B:  Um , 
B:  I 'm not sure . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I 'm just  The community  
B:  If LDC collects this data  u I mean , and L - if Mark Liberman is a strong proponent of how they collect it and what they collect , there will probably be some video data in there . 
B:  And so that could argue for us not doing it 
B:  or it could argue for us doing it . 
B:  The only place where it sort of overlaps is when some of the summarization issues are  actually could be , um , easier  made easier if you had  the video . 
B:  Mmm . 
B:  Of the board . 
B:  Or at least make sure that the note - taker takes a sh you know , a snapshot of the board . 
B:  That 'll make it a lot easier for meetings that are structured . 
B:  I mean , otherwise later on if nobody wrote this stuff on the board down we 'd have a harder time summarizing it or agreeing on a summary . 
B:  Right . That would be the other alternative , to make sure that anything that was on the board , um , is in the record . 
B:  Ow . 
B:  I think it 'd be useful to have a small amount of it just as a proof of concept . 
B:  It will  
B:  You know , what you can do with things . 
B:  Yeah . But not  not to rely on them for  basic modeling . 
B:  I just wouldn't base any of the modeling on having those . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 's just  
B:  I 'd be sort of cool . 
B:  I mean , it would  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  That w shouldn't be hard for  
B:  Without hearing each other though , probably . 
B:  Well , then you should try them a few weeks later 
B:  and  
B:  They have all these memory experiments about how little you actually retain 
B:  and wasn't  
B:  Right , right . 
B:  Oh , it is  it is like  OK . 
B:  Shouldn't Landay and his group be in charge of figuring out how to do this ? 
B:  I mean , this is an issue that goes a little bit beyond where  we are right now . 
B:  They 're the expert 
B:  We - <laugh> I don't remember it . 
B:  I have like no recall memory . 
B:  It 's interesting that he 's got , like ,  this discussion free 
B:  yet it 's separate . 
B:  But the people will just look at the summaries or the minutes and re and sort of back - generate the queries . 
B:  That 's what I 'm worried about . 
B:  So you might as well just give him the summaries . 
B:  And  
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  How to do this 
B:  from the summary . 
B:  So what you want to h to do is , people who were there , who later see , uh , minutes and s put in summary form , which is not gonna be at the same time as the meeting . There 's no way that can happen . Are we gonna later go over it 
B:  and , like , make up some stuff to which these notes would be an answer , 
B:  or  or a deeper  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean  
B:  But that 's done off  they have to do that off - line . 
B:  You 
B:  That 's a good one . 
B:  Dan doesn't know what sex he is . 
B:  Ah 
B:  Going to see the kids . 
B:  I think  I just wanted to say one thing about queries . 
B:  I mean , <long inbreath> <forceful outbreath> the level of the query could be , you know , very low - level or very high - level . 
B:  And it gets fuzzier and fuzzier as you go up , right ? 
B:  So you need to have some sort of  
B:  if you start working with queries , some way of identifying what the  
B:  you know , if this is something that requires a  a one - word answer or it 's one place in the recording versus was there general agreement on this issue of all the people who ha 
B:  You know , you can gen you can ask queries that are meaningful for people . 
B:  In fact , they 're very meaningful 
B:  cuz they 're very high - level . 
B:  But they won't exist anywhere in the  a you know  
B:  It  But it may well  
B:  Well , probably if you have to sit there at the end of a meeting and say one thing you remember , it 's probably whatever action item was assigned to you . 
B:  I mean , in gen that 's all I remember from most meetings . 
B:  So , in general , I mean , that could be something you could say , right ? 
B:  I 'm supposed to  do this . 
B:  It  it doesn't  
B:  I mean , that 's realistically what people might  well be remembering . 
B:  So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But you also should probably give them the mixed  You know , equal sound - level  
B:  I mean , they 're not gonna easily be able to do that , probably . 
B:  Ah , yeah . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I 
B:  i You should  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  You should  that may be all that they want to send off to their  transcribers . 
B:  And Xerox . 
B:  And there 's  You should l look under , like , intelligent environments , 
B:  smart rooms , 
B:  um  
B:  Right . And then  
B:  Right . 
B:  J There 's  
B:  th 
B:  That 's where I thought you would want to eventually be able to have a board or a camera , 
B:  because of all these classroom  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  They 're still gonna overlap , 
B:  but  Mark and others have said that there 's quite a lot of found data  from the discourse community that has this characteristic 
B:  and also the political  
B:  Y you know , anything that was televised for a third party has the characteristic of not very much overlap . 
B:  So . 
B:  Like the , um , dominance relations of the people in the meeting . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  And there was a big division , 
B:  so Liberman and others  were interested in a lot of found data . 
B:  So there 's lots of recordings that  
B:  They 're not close - talk mike , 
B:  but  
B:  And  and there 's lots of television , you know , stuff on , um , political debates and things like that , 
B:  congre congressional hearings . 
B:  Boring stuff like that . 
B:  Um , 
B:  and then the CMU folks and I were sort of on the other side in  
B:  cuz they had collected a lot of meetings that were sort of like this 
B:  and said that those are nothing like these meetings . 
B:  Um , so there 're really two different kinds of data . 
B:  And , I guess we just left it as  @ @  that  if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it , 
B:  but newly collected data would  would be natural meetings . 
B:  So . 
B:  As far as I know , they h have not . 
B:  Um , but e 
B:  I 'm not sure . 
B:  Um , 
B:  if people were interested they could talk to them , 
B:  but I  I got the feeling there was some politics involved . 
B:  No . 
B:  I  I don't know . 
B:  I mean , the  
B:  I think you need to talk to Waibel 
B:  and  
B:  But they had multiple mikes 
B:  and they did do recognition , 
B:  and they did do real conversations . 
B:  But as far as I know they didn't offer that data to the community at this meeting . 
B:  But that could change 
B:  cuz Mark  you know , Mark 's really into this . 
B:  We should keep in touch with him . 
B:  What they mean is stuff they don't have to fund to collect , 
B:  and especially good  
B:  Well , I mean , " found " has , uh , also the meaning that 's it very natural . 
B:  It 's things occur without any  
B:  You know , the pe these people weren't wearing close - talking mikes , 
B:  but they were recorded anyway , like the congressional hearings and , you know , for legal purposes or whatever . 
B:  Mark 's aware of those , too . 
B:  That would be found data 
B:  because they found it <laugh> and it exists . 
B:  They didn't have to collect it . 
B:  Of course it 's not " found " in the sense that at the time it was collected for the purpose . 
B:  But what he means is that  You know , Mark was really a fan of getting as much data as possible from  you know , reams and reams of stuff , of broadcast stuff , 
B:  web stuff , 
B:  TV stuff , 
B:  radio stuff . 
B:  But he well understands that that 's very different than these  this type of meeting . 
B:  But , so what ? 
B:  It 's still  it 's interesting for other reasons . 
B:  You can  tell  by the  prosody . 
B:  Rrrh ! 
B:  This is painful task . 
B:  I  
B:  Pass . 
