A:  Uh uh just going to go quickly through the minutes of the last last uh meeting 
A:  then we have a p presentation of prototype of you two , 
A:  No L_C_D_ , no speech recognition technology , okay , 
A:  we went through a b to a banana look and feel for the remote control . 
A:  <other> And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and uh also to um call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost . 
descriptions: Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager goes through the minutes of the last meeting.

C:  So final design . Final design . 
B:  well first first of all we made a an attractive <laugh> base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh 
B:  the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over 
B:  We've got the two uh <other> uh scroll wheels here 
B:  which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel 
B:  and uh underneath <other> we have the uh the turbo button 
A:  What's the use uh of the t turbo button already ? 
B:  This is when you when you uh are scrolling the uh  through the channels you can tell it to to skip th past channels that you  quickly rather th 
B:  Well when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops . 
C:  If you take the banana as such and uh you press the turbo button , so it switch ons the switch ons the T_V_ . 
C:  once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext , they are no more for channel or vol volume . 
B:  <other> And this is the uh the infrared uh port . 
B:  in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana . 
A:  And the the leaves plays the roles of of antennas ? 
C:  And for the power source we are having solar cells and rechargeable batteries 
C:  and this and uh the basis station is going to have the input from the mm power line for for charging the batteries . 
C:  And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana . 
B:  It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana . 
B:  I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station . 
A:  Uh I mean how long does i how how how long can it be held off a station ? 
C:  No eight or eight or ten hours of working . 
C:  If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer . 
C:  Pricing is  was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip . 
D:  And what about people who want to use digits ? 
C:  Yeah . So there was there was a constraint that the surface area which we have on this banana on one side because of the shape . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They have the prototype presentation and talk about the final design, features, and power source, type of chip and weight of the remote.

A:  So we have to go through now evaluations . 
D:  I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements . 
D:  so we must users must say i if it's true or is  or if it's false in a in a scale ranging from zero to seven . 
C:  Why this strange factor of seven ? 
D:  Because it should be an even it should be an even uh scale , 
D:  I think I sh I <cough> I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard ? 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They go through the evaulations, using the a list of criteria made by the marketing expert.

D:  Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or  
C:  Yeah , it's fancy , according to me . 
C:  Seven . Seven by me . 
B:  Yeah uh five . 
B:  but maybe loses the point for not having you know the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason 
B:  like I'd I think it's probably more handy than my current remote , 'cause of the scroll wheels 
A:  Functional . 
C:  I'll give five . 
B:  Well it depends when you say functional , do you mean it does what we want it to do , or d does what it does , you know , can it make you coffee ? 
D:  Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro 
B:  Well it's not a universal remote . 
B:  Four . 
A:  <laugh> <singing sound> Okay cool ? Cool device . 
C:  There I'll give it seven . 
C:  For a T_V_ the most important feature which I felt was the locator which is a cool feature . 
D:  I would say five . 
A:  I say  I said seven . 
A:  Of course I'll buy the  banana .  
C:  I'll say five . 
D:  I find it quite cheap <laugh> actually . 
D:  I dunno . If i i it depends , if you live in in Switzerland or you live in  
D:  Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or  
B:  <laugh> I don't want a banana on my <laugh> living room table , a banana remote . 
C:  Anyb anybody who comes here <laugh>  anybody who comes to your home he'll at least ask once what is this . 
A:  don't forget who we're targeting also 
B:  <laugh> No , it's I . I would buy  
B:  I don't think I  at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control , really . 
A:  So you say two . 
C:  I say five . 
B:  If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro , if that was like my limit , maybe I would buy it . 
A:  I stick to five . 
A:  will I change my rem change my remote control from Mando banana . 
A:  No uh let's say I'll put two . 
B:  If it was  change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to 
B:  I'd say a three . 
C:  <laugh> So it's somewhere three point five I think . 
A:  So maybe maybe w we can we should stick to general feeling . We can had uh have a  out of these numbers , which which is that well we should go for it . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Inform Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They rate each criteria on a scale of 0 (true) to 7 (false): how fancy it is, how handy it is, how functional, how cool it is, whether they would spend twenty five euro for it, and whether they would change their current remote for this one.

A:  Um well we are going to calculate the production costs . 
A:  We should we should be below twelve point five . 
A:  No kinetic also . 
A:  Oh there is no listing for r radio frequency thing . 
C:  So we we'll put some extras , if there is something . 
B:  we're just using the the very beep  simple beep , 
B:  Well actually that that  no that sample speaker is not  we we're not using that , 
C:  And we have sample speaker . 
B:  <laugh> Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of <laugh> plastic . 
C:  So might be ninety centimes for the the remaining things which  the cord and everything which'll go  
A:  so we have margin for that stuff . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: Next they do a cost estimate for production.

B:  Well we decided against the solar cells so  
C:  I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing . 
descriptions: Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: In doing this, they decide against solar cells and go with the rechargable batteries.

C:  So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one . 
A:  So we stick to plastic , it cost nothing . 
D:  <laugh> Too expensive . 
B:  Well   no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber  
A:  Okay so special colour , yellow . 
A:  We have three . 
A:  We have two scroll , and we have three push buttons . 
B:  Okay it's gonna have to be plastic . 
B:  Make it plastic instead of rubber . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They keep the regular chip, stick with plastic, put two scroll wheels and three push buttons, and make it a special shade of yellow.

A:  <other> I put single curved . 
C:  To reduce the cost , it's okay . 
B:  So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that . 
descriptions: Inform Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They eliminate the turbo button and give the remote a single curve because of budget restrictions.

A:  So we can go to  through to project evaluation . 
B:  No we have a product which none of us would buy . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Okay so um <other> project process . 
A:  Well in fact I I did not know <laugh> I didn't know really what to say here . 
A:  Yeah well in fact uh we we use a little bit the white board and the digital pen , not that much . 
B:  I dunno I think we had a fair bit of creativity . 
B:  <laugh> And uh but I think one thing we m missed out of this whole process was a um <other> like a focus group with the actual people we're targeting . 
A:  Yeah maybe we should go through , yeah an uh evaluation . 
B:  Because yeah the evaluation for us is is kind of 
B:  pointless . 
B:  So but I think that's something we need to to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market . 
B:  I think that's actually something that should be in version two , is the ability to you know to control things other than the T_V_ 
A:  I think we we can go 
A:   Okay so thanks very much . 
descriptions: Suggest Assess Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform Assess Assess Suggest Assess Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest Be-Positive 
abst_sum - abstract: They briefly evaulate the project process and close the meeting.

None

abst_sum - action: *NA*

B:  well first first of all we made a an attractive <laugh> base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: It will be shaped like a banana, with an base station resembling a banana leaf for it to sit on.

B:  which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The volume scroll wheel will be on the left, channel scroll on the right.

B:  This is a teletext button . 
C:  once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext , they are no more for channel or vol volume . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Will contain a teletext button, when pressed teletext appears and channel selector can be used to navigate through the teletext.

B:  <other> And this is the uh the infrared uh port . 
B:  in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Infared port on top of banana as well as bottom front of base station.

None

abst_sum - decisions: The control will be the approx.

B:  It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana . 
C:  And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Weight of an actual banana but a special shade of yellow.

None

abst_sum - decisions: Will be made of plastic.

A:  We have three . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Three push buttons.

C:  No eight or eight or ten hours of working . 
C:  If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer . 
B:  I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station . 
B:  Well we decided against the solar cells so  
C:  I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Assess Inform Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: For pricing reasons eliminate solar cells - use rechargable batteries as power source, base station used for battery-charging which should last 8-10 hours depending on frequency of use.

C:  Pricing is  was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip . 
C:  So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: For pricing reasons they will use a regular chip for the control rather than advanced one.

A:  <other> I put single curved . 
C:  To reduce the cost , it's okay . 
descriptions: Inform Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: For pricing reasons the remote will have a single, not double curve.

None

abst_sum - decisions: For pricing reasons they eliminate the turbo button.

C:  Pricing is  was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip . 
B:  Well we decided against the solar cells so  
C:  I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing . 
C:  So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one . 
A:  <other> I put single curved . 
C:  To reduce the cost , it's okay . 
B:  Okay it's gonna have to be plastic . 
B:  So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that . 
B:  but you know the turbo button does add that extra class . 
B:  Make it plastic instead of rubber . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Assess Assess Suggest Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: For pricing reasons they had to use a regular chip instead of advanced, single curve instead of double, rechargable batteries instead of solar cells, and eliminate the turbo button.

