A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  They sound really good . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  It sounds like a radio announcer 's voice . Really . 
A:  Yeah , yeah . 
A:  Oh that 's right . 
A:  Now actually , 
A:  we 're  Are we handling  ? 
A:  OK . So , um , we  <breath> Uh , the transcribers have continued to work past what I 'm calling " set one " , 
A:  which was the s the set that I 've been , uh  OK , talking about up to this point , 
A:  but , uh , they 've gotten five meetings done in that set . 
A:  Right now they 're in the process of being edited . 
A:  Um , the , um  
A:  Let 's see , 
A:  I hired two transcribers today . I 'm thinking of hiring another one , 
A:  which will  because we 've had a lot of attrition . 
A:  And that will bring our total to  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , you know , it 's  it 's various things . 
A:  So , one of them had a baby . Um , you know , one of them really w wasn't planning  
A:  Eh , one of them , um , had never planned to work past January . 
A:  I mean , it 's th all these various things , 
A:  cuz we , you know , we presented it as possibly a month project back in January 
A:  and  and  and  and  Um , 
A:  so it makes sense . 
A:  Uh , through attrition we  we 've  we 're down to  to two , but they 're really solid . 
A:  We 're really lucky the two that we kept . 
A:  And , um  Well , I don't mean  I don't mean anything against the others .  What I mean is we 've got a good cause  a good core . No . We had a good core  
A:  Yeah , but still . I mean , I d it 's just a matter of we  w we 're  we 've got , uh , 
A:  two of the ones who  who , um , ha had been putting in a lot of hours up to this point and they 're continuing to put in a  a lot of hours , 
A:  which is wonderful , and excellent work . 
A:  And so , then , in addition , um , I hired two more today and I 'm planning to h hire a third one with this  within this coming week , 
A:  but  <breath> but the plan is  just as , uh , Morgan was saying we discussed this , and the plan right now is to keep the staff on the  on the leaner side , 
A:  you know , 
A:  rather than hiring , like , eight to ten right now , 
A:  because if the IBM thing comes through really quickly , then , um , we wouldn't wanna have to , uh , you know , lay people off and stuff . 
A:  So . 
A:  And this way it 'll  I mean , I got really a lot of response for  for my notice 
A:  and I think I could hire additional people if I  wish to . 
A:  Oh , yes . 
A:  Good . 
A:  OK . 
A:  The  the  the pre - segmentations are so much  are s so extremely helpful . 
A:  Now there was , uh , I g guess  
A:  So , a couple weeks ago I needed some new ones and it happened to be during the time that he was on vacation  
A:  f for just very few days you were away . 
A:  But it happened to be during that time I needed one , 
A:  so I  <breath> so I started them on the non - pre - segmented and then switched them over to yours 
A:  and , um , they , um  you know , they always appreciate that when they have that available . 
A:  And he 's , uh , usually , eh , uh , um  Um . 
A:  So they really appreciate it . 
A:  But I was gonna say that they do adjust it once in a while . 
A:  You know , once in a while there 's something like , 
A:  um , and e Actually you talked to them . 
A:  Didn't you ? 
A:  Did you ? Have you  ? 
A:  And  and  and she was  
A:  And so , I asked her  
A:  I mean , They 're very perceptive . 
A:  I really want to have this meeting of the transcribers . 
A:  I haven't done it yet , but I wanna do that 
A:  and she 's out of town , um , for a couple of weeks , but I wanna do that when she returns . 
A:  Um , cuz she was saying , you know , in a  in a span of very short period  we asked  It seems like the ones that need to be adjusted are these  these  these things , 
A:  and she was saying the short utterances , uh , the , um  
A:  you know , I mean , you 're  You 're aware of this . 
A:  But  but actually i it 's so correct for so much of the time , that it 's an enormous time saver 
A:  and it just gets tweaked a little around the boundaries . 
A:  So . 
A:  Um . Yeah . I think it 'd be interesting to combine these . 
A:  You could do it . 
A:  It 's  it 's complicated in that <breath> um , <breath> hhh , i hhh , i 
A:  There is a  there is one problem with that and that is when they start part way through then what I do is I merge what they 've done with the pre - segmented version . 
A:  So it 's not a pure  it 's not a pure condition . 
A:  Wha - what you 'd really like is that they started with pre - segmented and were pre - segmented all the way through . 
A:  And , um  @ @   I , uh  the  
A:  it wasn't possible for about four of the recent ones . 
A:  But , it will be possible in the future 
A:  because we  we 're , um . 
A:  Thank you . 
A:  Um , interesting idea . 
A:  In principle , I  I would say yes , although I still am doing some  the final - pass editing , 
A:  trying to convert it over to the master file as the  being the channelized version 
A:  and it 's  Yeah , it seems like I get into that a certain way and then something else intervenes  and I have to stop . 
A:  Cleaning up the things like the , uh , uh , places where the transcriber was uncertain , 
A:  and  and doing spot - checking here and there . 
A:  So , um , uh , I guess it would make sense to wait until th that 's done , 
A:  um , but  but  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  It 'll certainly be done by then . Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  That 's right . 
A:  That 's right . 
A:  Yeah . That 's right . So that  
A:  OK . 
A:  Well , maybe  
A:  Well , see , this is the  this is the issue . Subtleties . 
A:  The other thing , too , is there can be subtleties where a person uses this word instead of that word , which @ @  could 've been transcribed in the other way . 
A:  And no and they wouldn't have <breath> been slanderous if it had been this other word . 
A:  You know ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I agree . 
A:  Mmm . I totally agree . 
A:  It 's just , uh , a question of , <breath> uh , if  if the person is using the transcript as the way of them judging what they said and whether it was slanderous , <laugh> then it seems like it 's  it 's  i it needs to be more correct than if we could count on them re - listening to the meeting . 
A:  Because it becomes , eh , in a way a  a f uh , a legal document 
A:  i if they 've agreed to that . 
A:  Well , <breath> if it 's only the transcript , though  I mean , th this  this is my point , that  that 
A:  then it becomes  
A:  Well , if it 's just the audio  
A:  Well . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  That would be simpler , 
A:  if we could count on them listening . 
A:  Unfortunately , uh , in  in the sign thing that they signed , it says " transcripts " . 
A:  " You 'll be  you 'll be provided the transcripts when they 're available . " 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  It 's done , ready , available . 
A:  Good . 
A:  Mine 's identical to yours . 
A:  Is that correct ? 
A:  Oh . I see . 
A:  Oh . I see . 
A:  Yeah . 
