F:  So I didn't send out agenda items 
F:  because until five minutes ago we only had one agenda item 
F:  and now we have two . 

B:  So , just to repeat the thing bef that we said last week , 
B:  it was there 's this suggestion of alternating weeks on <inbreath> more , uh , automatic speech recognition related or not ? 

F:  Well  We haven't really started , 

F:  But I figure also if they 're short agenda items , we could also do a little bit of each . 

F:  So , uh , as most of you should know , I did send out the consent form thingies 

F:  so far no one has made any  Ach !   any comments on them . 

B:  July fifteenth . 

A:  Oh . I just meant that that was  the release date that you had on the  data . 

A:  But I thought it might be good to remind people two weeks prior to that 

B:  cuz i because if we wanna be able to give it to people July fifteenth , 
B:  if somebody 's gonna come back and say " OK , I don't want this and this and this used " , uh , clearly we need some time to respond to that . 

A:  they can change it to . One of them is  " censor " , and the other one is " incorrect " . 

A:  The German ones will be ready for next week . 

B:  NSA . 

A:  And then maybe it 'd be good to set an explicit deadline , 
A:  something like  a week  before that , 

F:  And if you disagree with it , why don't you read it and give me comments on it ? 

H:  Because if you  if you , uh , do this <inbreath> and you  then there 's a dispute later and , uh , some  <inbreath> you know , someone who understands these matters concludes that they didn't have , uh , you know , enough opportunity to actually <inbreath> exercise their  their right  

F:  That for every meeting  
F:  any meeting which has any bleeps in it we need yet another copy of . 

F:  So I  I don't want  I really would rather make a copy of it , rather than bleep it out 

A:  Well  <inbreath> I  you know , I think at a certain point , that copy that has the deletions will become the master copy . 

B:  Are you del are you bleeping it by adding ? 

F:  and then  
F:  Overlapping . 
F:  So , it 's  it 's exactly a censor bleep . 
F:  So what I really think is " bleep " 

F:  Disk space , 

F:  Well , what my s expectation is , is that we 'll send out one of these emails  every time a meeting has been checked and is ready . 

E:  Like , if we release  this time it 's a fairly small number of meetings , 

E:  I mean , it also depends on how many  

E:  So I guess if you 're in both these types of meetings , you 'd have a lot . 

B:  We heard anything from IBM ? 

C:  So we got the transcript back from that one meeting . 
C:  Everything seemed fine . 
C:  Adam  had a script that will  put everything back together and there was  Well , there was one small problem but it was a simple thing to fix . 

F:  Yeah . Now we haven't actually had anyone go through that meeting , to see whether the transcript is correct 

F:  I mean , the one thing I noticed is it did miss a lot of backchannels . 

A:  Do you suppose that was because they weren't caught by the pre - segmenter ? 

C:  Yeah . It 's gonna have to go through our regular process . 

F:  Yeah . They 're  they 're not in the segmented . 
F:  It 's not that the  IBM people didn't do it . 

A:  we 've been , uh , contacted by University of Washington now , of course , to , um  
A:  We sent them the transcripts that correspond to those  six meetings 
A:  and they 're downloading the audio files . 

A:  No , no . These are  these are our local transcriptions of the NSA meetings . 

A:  Sometimes some speakers will insert foreign language terms . 

A:  Um @ @  So , this is from one of the NSA meetings 

A:  and I 'm hoping that when the checked versions are run through the recognizer that you 'll see s substantial improvements in performance 

A:  I mean this is  cuz , you know you don't realize in daily life how much you have top - down influences in what you 're hearing . 

F:  Oh , so it 's just jargon . 

F:  Yeah , but I bet  I bet they 're acoustically challenging parts anyway , though . 

A:  No , actually no . 

A:  And it 's jar it 's jargon coupled with a foreign accent . 

H:  But we don't  I mean , our language model right now doesn't know about these words anyhow . 

A:  because of the problem of low gain in the originals . 
A:  And  and they very much appro they mu much prefer the new ones , 

H:  You have spare headsets ? 

H:  because I , uh , I could use one on my workstation , 

D:  Yeah , I still  I still need to get a pair , too . 

B:  No . Just  just  just  just buy them . 

F:  Uh , the only one was Don wanted to , uh , talk about disk space yet again . 

H:  The disk space was short . 

B:  We 've just ordered a hundred gigabytes . 

D:  Yeah . I mean , I guess the thing is is , all I need is to hang it off , like , <inbreath> the person who 's coming in , Sonali 's , computer . 

F:  If you 're  if you 're desperate , I have some space on my drive . 

D:  Yeah . I think I can find something if I 'm desperate 

B:  uh , and there 's also an annual report . Now , 

B:  so they  so DARPA just said do an annual report . 

B:  So anyway , I 'll be putting together stuff . 
B:  I 'll do it , uh , you know , as much as I can without bothering people , 
B:  just by looking at  at papers and status reports . 
B:  I mean , the status reports you do are very helpful . 
B:  Uh , so I can grab stuff there . 
B:  And if , uh  if I have some questions I 'll  

F:  When we remember to fill them out . 

B:  but , you know , I 'm  I 'm sure before  it 's all done , I 'll end up bugging people for  for more clarification about stuff . 

F:  So next week we 'll do automatic transcription status , 
F:  plus anything that 's real timely . 

H:  I mean , the  the next thing on our agenda is to go back and look at the , um  <mouth> the automatic alignments 

H:  I  I  I learned from Thilo what data we can use as a benchmark to see how well we 're doing on automatic alignments of the background speech  
H:  or , of the foreground speech with background speech . 

E:  And then , uh , I guess , the new data that Don will start to process  

E:  You know , before we were working with these segments that were all synchronous 

E:  stage - two of trying the same kinds of alignments with the tighter boundaries with them is really the next step . 

E:  And so that 's sort of a 

E:  We got our abstract accepted for this conference , 

E:  ISCA workshop , in , um , uh , New Jersey . 
E:  And we sent in a very poor abstract , 

E:  but we 're hoping to have a paper for that as well , 
E:  which should be an interesting  

E:  But , I mean , the good news is that that will have sort of the European experts in prosody  
E:  sort of a different crowd , 
E:  and I think we 're the only people working on prosody in meetings so far , 

E:  Uh , it 's ISCA Workshop on Prosody in Speech Recognition and Understanding , or something like that  

B:  Y you going to , uh , Eurospeech ? 

F:  but I 'd kinda like to go , 

F:  I don't have a paper 

A:  This is in the summer period 
A:  and presumably people may be out of town . 
A:  But we can make the assumption , can't we ? that , um , they will be receiving email , uh , most of the month . 

B:  It  well , it  well , you 're right . Sometimes somebody will be  away 

H:  w you know , when the whole thing starts , when they sign the  <mouth> the agreement <inbreath> that  

H:  So . <inbreath> A And , then , you know , say very clearly that if they don't  if we don't hear from them , you know , as Morgan suggested , by a certain time or after a certain <inbreath> period after we contact them <inbreath> that is implicitly giving their agreement . 

F:  Well , they 've already signed a form . 

F:  And the s and the form was approved by Human Subjects , 

B:  That 's  it 's , you know , just a certain risk to take . 

E:  because although they signed this , they don't know by which date to expect your email . 
E:  And so  someone whose machine is down or whatever  

F:  Because people don't read their email , 
F:  or they 'll read and say " I don't care about that , 
F:  I 'm not gonna delete anything " 
F:  and they don just won't reply to it . 

H:  Maybe  uh , do we have mailing addresses for these people ? 

A:  Al - altogether we 've got twenty people . These people are people who read their email almost all the time . 
A:  I  I really don't see that it 's a problem . 
A:  I  I think that it 's a common courtesy to ask them  uh , to expect for them to , uh , be able to have @ @  us try to contact them , 
A:  u just in case they hadn't gotten their email . 
A:  I think they 'd appreciate it . 

B:  and I 'll hand it to administrative staff or whatever , 

B:  and if there 's half the people , say , who don't respond  at all by , you know , some period of time , <breath> we can just make a list of these people 

B:  and they 'll just call them up and say , you know , " have you  
B:  Is  is this OK ? And would you please mail  you know , mail Adam that it is , if i if it , you know , is or not . " 

E:  The other thing that there 's a psychological effect that  at least for most people , that if they 've responded to your email saying " yes , I will do it " or " yes , I got your email " , they 're more likely to actually do it   later  than to just ignore it . 

E:  You know , an official OK from somebody  is better than no answer , even if they responded that they got your email . 

B:  I mean , I 'm not a lawyer , 
B:  but I 've been through these things a f things f like this a few times with lawyers now 
B:  so I  I <inbreath> I I 'm pretty comfortable with that . 

F:  So what are we gonna do when we run into someone that we can't get in touch with ? 

A:  I don't think , uh  They 're so recent , these visitors . 

A:  I  I mean , I  I w I 'll be able to  if you have any trouble finding them , I really think I could find them . 

B:  Well , the way ICSI goes , people , uh , who , uh , were here ten years ago still have acc <laugh> have forwards to other accounts and so on . 

F:  that if they give us contact information and that contact information isn't accurate that  we fulfilled our burden . 

B:  So if we get to a boundary case like that then maybe I will call the attorney about it . 

A:  and it  I  this discussion has made me think it might be nice to have a follow - up email within the next couple of days saying " by the way , you know , we wanna hear back from you by X date 

B:  At some point y you go around and get people to sign something ? 

F:  No . 

F:  and we had decided that they have  they only needed to sign once . 

A:  uh , J July fifteenth date , 
A:  or two weeks before . 

H:  you know , specify exactly uh , what , you know , how  how they will be contacted 

B:  I i i em email is enough . 

A:  And then I also  the final thing I have for transcription is that I made a purchase of some other headphones 

