E:  and there 's a  um , a web page for it . 
E:  That 's good . 
E:  Spanish . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  The non - native  
E:  The all non - native  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  And nobody  nobody really reads it anyway . 
E:  I guess when I  read it , um  
E:  I 'm not as diligent as Chuck , 
E:  but I had the feeling I should probably respond 
E:  and tell Adam , like , " I got this and I will do it by this date , 
E:  and if you don't hear from me by then  " You know , in other words responding to your email  once , right away , saying " as soon as you get this could you please respond . " 
E:  And then if you  if the person thinks they 'll need more time because they 're out of town or whatever , they can tell you at that point ? 
E:  Because  
E:  Well , it 's  
E:  Well  
E:  OK . So , we 're assuming that  
E:  Or they  they might never have gotten the email , 
E:  because although they signed this , they don't know by which date to expect your email . 
E:  And so  someone whose machine is down or whatever  
E:  I mean , we have no  
E:  in internally we know that people are there , 
E:  but we have no confirmation that they got the mail . 
E:  Well , then  
E:  It  we 're hoping that doesn't happen , 
E:  but that 's why there 's such a thing as registered mail 
E:  or  
E:  Right . 
E:  You 'll either wonder  at the beginning or you 'll wonder at the end . 
E:  I mean , there 's no way to get around  
E:  I It 's pretty much the same am amount of work 
E:  except for an additional email just saying they got the email . 
E:  And maybe it 's better legally to wonder before  
E:  you know , a little bit earlier than  
E:  Or the date at which they would be receiving the email from you . 
E:  They probably forgot all about it . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  That 's why you never open these things that come in the mail . 
E:  The other thing that there 's a psychological effect that  at least for most people , that if they 've responded to your email saying " yes , I will do it " or " yes , I got your email " , they 're more likely to actually do it   later  than to just ignore it . 
E:  And of course we don't want them to bleep things out , 
E:  but it  it 's a little bit better if we 're getting the  their , uh , final response , once they 've answered you once than if they never answer you 'd  at al at all . 
E:  That 's how these mailing houses work . 
E:  So , I mean , it 's not completely lost work 
E:  because it might benefit us in terms of getting  responses . 
E:  You know , an official OK from somebody  is better than no answer , even if they responded that they got your email . 
E:  And they 're probably more likely to do that once they 've responded that they got the email . 
E:  Then they just come back . 
E:  Same as us . 
E:  Right . That would  that would definitely work on me . 
E:  You know , it makes you feel m like , 
E:  um , 
E:  if you were gonna p if you 're predicting that you might not answer , you have a chance now to say that . 
E:  Whereas , I  I mean , I would be much more likely myself , 
E:  given all my email , t to respond at that point , saying " you know what , I 'm probably not gonna get to it " or whatever , 
E:  rather than just having seen the email , thinking I might get to it , 
E:  and never really , <inbreath> uh , pushing myself to actually do it until it 's too late . 
E:  Right . R Right . That 's true . 
E:  Yeah . That 's true . 
E:  Yeah . You have to do all of them , 
E:  as well as all of these . 
E:  You have to do all  You could just do it in that time period , though , 
E:  but I guess it 's a pain . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . You 're right . 
E:  Then someday we can sell the  unedited versions . 
E:  Right . Exactly . I see . 
E:  See , this is good . 
E:  I wanted to create some  side conversations in these meetings . 
E:  So  
E:  Yeah . Yeah . 
E:  Cuz we don't have enough asides . 
E:  Yeah . And if you do it backward then  
E:  H - good old HMM . 
E:  No , it 's backward - forward . 
E:  Uh . 
E:  If it makes  
E:  Right . 
E:  You might as well just respond to the mail . 
E:  I mean 
E:  Quick question . 
E:  Are , um  
E:  Don't you use VI 
E:  for your mai ? 
E:  Anyway , quick question . 
E:  How m 
E:  Like , there were three meetings this time , or so 
E:  or how many ? 
E:  Six ? 
E:  But , no of different people . 
E:  So I guess if you 're in both these types of meetings , you 'd have a lot . 
E:  But  <inbreath> How  
E:  I mean , it also depends on how many  
E:  Like , if we release  this time it 's a fairly small number of meetings , 
E:  but what if we release , like , twenty - five meetings to people ? 
E:  In th 
E:  I don't know . 
E:  Oh . Oh , OK . 
E:  So this time was just the first chunk . OK . 
E:  Well , that 's a good idea . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Wait . So you put the reference files  ? 
E:  Or the  ? 
E:  No , I mean of the transcripts . 
E:  Um . 
E:  Well , we can talk about it off - line . 
E:  I think they 're doing w 
E:  didn't they want to do language modeling on , you know , recognition - compatible transcripts 
E:  or  ? 
E:  Right . 
E:  Yeah , that  
E:  We should order a cou uh , t two or three or four , actually . 
E:  We have  
E:  Sh - Just get the model number 
E:  and  
E:  Where do you buy these from ? 
E:  Like  ? 
E:  You just b go and b 
E:  Oh . 
E:  That 'd be a good idea . 
E:  That 's a great ambiguity . 
E:  It 's one of these  
E:  it 's  it 's social 
E:  and , uh , discourse level 
E:  and  
E:  Sorry . 
E:  See , if I had that little  scratch - pad , I would have made an X there . 
E:  It was while I was out of town . 
E:  I think we need , like , another eighteen gig disk  to be safe . 
E:  So . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Uh , i 
E:  Do  when  when is this planned for  roughly ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  So  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Good . 
E:  Well , each meeting is like a gig or something , 
E:  so it 's really  
E:  How long does it take you to save the data ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Guess we should stop , like , twenty of at the latest . 
E:  We  we have another meeting coming in that they wanna record . 
E:  So . 
E:  It 's up to you . 
E:  I don't  
E:  Wait . Why is everybody looking at me ? 
E:  Uh . I 'm not sure what you were referring to . 
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  I wasn't here last week . 
E:  Sorry . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Hhh . 
E:  Oh . OK . 
E:  Yeah , we 're  
E:  And then , uh , I guess , the new data that Don will start to process  
E:  the , um  
E:  when he can get these  
E:  You know , before we were working with these segments that were all synchronous 
E:  and that caused a lot of problems 
E:  because you have timed sp at  on either side . 
E:  And so that 's sort of a 
E:  stage - two of trying the same kinds of alignments with the tighter boundaries with them is really the next step . 
E:  We did get our , um  
E:  I guess , good news . 
E:  We got our abstract accepted for this conference , 
E:  um  workshop , 
E:  ISCA workshop , in , um , uh , New Jersey . 
E:  And we sent in a very poor abstract , 
E:  but they  
E:  very poor , 
E:  very quick . 
E:  Um , 
E:  but we 're hoping to have a paper for that as well , 
E:  which should be an interesting  
E:  The t paper isn't due until August . 
E:  The abstracts were already due . 
E:  So it 's that kind of workshop . 
E:  But , I mean , the good news is that that will have sort of the European experts in prosody  
E:  sort of a different crowd , 
E:  and I think we 're the only people working on prosody in meetings so far , 
E:  so that should be interesting . 
E:  Uh , it 's ISCA Workshop on Prosody in Speech Recognition and Understanding , or something like that  
E:  some generic  
E:  Uh , so it 's focused on using prosody in automatic systems 
E:  and there 's a  um , a web page for it . 
