E:  The  uh , Java  the embedded Bayes  wants to take input  uh , uh , a Bayes - net  in  in some Java notation 
E:  and Eva is using the Xalan style sheet processor to convert the XML that 's output by the Java Bayes for the  into the , uh , E Bayes input . 

F:  Actually , maybe I could try , like , emailing the guy 
F:  and see if he has any something already . 

E:  The generation templates are done . 

D:  the XML trees for the  for the gene for the synthesizer are written . 
D:  So I just need to  do the , uh  write a new set of  tree combining rules . 
D:  But I think those 'll be pretty similar to the old ones . 

E:  OK , so  natural language generation  produces not a  just a surface string that is fed into a text - to - speech but , a  surface string with a syntax tree that 's fed into a concept - to - speech . 
E:  Now and this concept - to - speech module has  certain rules on how  if you get the following syntactic structure , how to map this onto prosodic rules . 
E:  And Fey has foolheartedly agreed to rewrite uh , the German concept uh syntax - to - prosody rules  

D:  Well , I guess if you 're not used to functional programming , Scheme can be completely incomprehensible . 

E:  That 's the LISP - type scheme . 

E:  Yep . We ha we have to change the voice . 
E:  It is  Uh , we have the choice between the , uh , usual Festival voices , 
E:  which I already told the SmartKom people we aren't gonna use because they 're really bad . 

E:  OGI has , uh , crafted a couple of diphone type voices that are really nice 

E:  And it 's probably also absolutely uninteresting for all of you to , um learn that as of twenty minutes ago , David and I , per accident , uh managed to get the whole SmartKom system running on the  uh , ICSI Linux machines with the ICSI NT machines 

C:  so I also had a nice email correspondence with Daphne Kohler , who said yes indeed she would love to work with us on the , um ,  you know , using these structured belief - nets and stuff 

C:  and then we 'll figure out a way for you  uh  you to get seriously connected with , um their group . 

C:  And it looks to me like  we 're now at a good point to do something  start working on something really hard . 

C:  Uh , w Which is  mental spaces and uh  and - or  

C:  But the other part of it is the way they connect to these , uh , probabilistic relational models . 
C:  So  there 's all the problems that the linguists know about , about mental spaces , and the cognitive linguists know about , 
C:  but then there 's this problem of the belief - net people have only done a moderately good job of dealing with temporal belief - nets . 

C:  one of the things I w would like to do over the next , uh , month , it may take more ,  is to st understand to what extent we can not only figure out the constructions for them for multiple worlds 

C:  uh sort of what the formalism will look like and where the slots and fillers will be , but also what that would translate into in terms of belief - net and the inferences . 

C:  and 

C:  But that 's g that 's , as far as I can tell , it 's  it 's putting together two real hard problems . 
C:  One is the linguistic part of what are the couplings 
C:  and  and when you have a certain , uh , construction , that implies certain couplings and other couplings , 

C:  and then we have this inference problem of exactly technically how does the belief - net work 

C:  No , I know , I th I I think that is gonna be sort of the key to this wh to th the big project of the summer of  of getting the constructions right 
C:  is that people do manage to do this 
C:  so there probably are some , uh , relatively clean rules , 

C:  Anyway , uh , that we were  that we 're gonna try to get a uh , first cut at the revised formalism by the end of next week . 

C:  Uh , just trying to write up essentially what  what you guys have worked out so that everybody has something to look at . 

C:  but  uh  but I interrupted before Keith got to tell us what happened with " where is the Powder - Tower ? " or whatever 

A:  The question of whether the polysemy is sort of like in the construction or pragmatic . 

A:  The question is whether the construction is semantic or like ambiguous between asking for location and asking for path . 

B:  So you might be  yeah , y And asking for directions . 

A:  or  or whether the construction semantically , uh , is clearly only asking for location 
A:  but pragmatically that 's construed as meaning " tell me how to get there " . 

C:  So I a I I th I agree with you that , um , it 's a disaster to try to make separate constructions for every uh , pragmatic reading , 
C:  although there are some that will need to be there . 

A:  Well the question is basically , is this conventional or conversational implicature ? 

C:  f in the short run it 's more important to know how we would treat  technically what we would do if we decided A and what we would do if we decided B , than it is t to decide A or B r right now . 
C:  W we know for sure that we have to be able to do both . 

E:  But the nice thing is w we would have a person that would like to work on it , 

E:  And she would like to <outbreath> apply the  ontology that is , um <breath> being crafted at EML . 

E:  and then there is the , uh , middle way that I 'm suggesting 
E:  and that is you  you get X , which is whatever , 
E:  the castle . 
E:  The ontology will tell us that castles have opening hours , 

E:  and look up  certain linguistic surface structures  that are related to these concepts 
E:  and feed those through the dialogue history 
E:  and check dynamically 
E:  for each e entity . We look it up check whether any of these were mentioned and then activate the corresponding nodes on the discourse side . 
E:  But Keith suggested that a  a much cleaner way would be  is , you know , to keep track of the discourse in such a way that you  if you know that something like that ha has been mentioned before , this just a continues to add up , 

E:  back to the old Johno observation that if y if you have a dialogue history  and it said the word " admission fee " was uh , mentioned um , it 's more likely that the person actually wants to enter  than just take a picture of it 

B:  priming a spreading activation 

C:  in th in the bl Bayes - net you could  you could think about it this way , that if um  at the time " admissions fee " was mentioned  you could increase the probability  that someone wanted to enter . 

C:  so  so  but my guess is what  what 'll probably will happen , Here 's a  here 's a proposed design .  is that there 're certain constructions which , uh , for our purposes do change the probabilities of EVA decisions and various other kinds 

C:  th that the , uh , standard way that  that the these contexts work is sort of stack - like or whatever , 

C:  And so it could be that  when another uh , en tourist entity gets mentioned , you 
C:  re re essentially re - initiali you know , re - i essentially re - initialize the  state . 
C:  And of course i if we had a fancier one with multiple worlds you could have  uh , you could keep track of what someone was  uh saying about this and that . 

C:  So , if the issue is , if  so now th this construction has been matched and you say " OK . Does this actually have any implications for our decisions ? " Then there 's another piece of code <mouth> that presumably  does that computation . 

C:  Now , uh  But I think Ro - Robert 's right , that to determine that , OK ? you may well want to go through a th thesaurus 

C:  I mean it  th <inbreath> I can thi I can think of arguments in either direction on that . 

D:  What  uh , what 's the argument for putting it in the construction ? 

C:  you 've recognized the word , which means you have a lexical construction for it , 
C:  so you could just as well tag the lexical construction with the fact that it 's a uh , you know , thirty percent increase in probability of entering . 

E:  I think it 's also something that people have not done before , is um , sort of abuse an ontology for these kinds of , uh , inferences , on 
E:  whether anything relevant to the current something has been  <inbreath> uh , has crept up in the dialogue history already , or not . 

E:  I have the , uh  If we wanted to have that function in the dialogue hi dialogue module of SmartKom , I have the written consent of Jan to put it in there . 

C:  So the point is , it 's very likely that Robert 's thesis is going to be along these lines , 
C:  and the local rules are if it 's your thesis , you get to decide how it 's done . 

C:  uh , this is  this is , speaking of hard problems ,  this is a very good time um , to start trying to make explicit where construal comes in 
C:  and  you know , where c where the construction per - se ends  and where construal comes in , 

E:  Yeah , we need  we need some  Then we need to make some dates . 

E:  Meeting  regular meeting time for the summer , 

E:  So let 's say Thursday one . 

C:  so why don't we plan to meet Monday 
C:  and  we 'll see if we want to meet any more than that . 

A:  Uh , so that 's the eighteenth . 

A:  Sorry , two PM . 

E:  So the idea is on Monday at two we 'll  we 'll see an intermediate version of the formalism for the constructions , 
E:  and do an on - line merging with my construal  ideas . 

A:  Someday we also have to  we should probably talk about the other side of the " where is X " construction , 
A:  which is the issue of , um , how do you simulate questions ? 

C:  Part of what was missing were markings of all sorts that weren't in there , 
C:  incl including the questions  
C:  We didn't  we never did figure out how we were gonna do emphasis in  in uh , the semspec . 

C:  Oh , we talked about semspec , for " semantic spec specification " 

A:  since we have this idea about the indefinite pronoun thing and all that , you know , I ca can try and , um run with that , 
A:  you know , try and do some of the sentence constructions now . 

E:  OK . Do you wanna run the indefinite pronoun idea past Jerry ? 

E:  and then , you know , " who fixed the car with a wrench ? " 

E:  In the  in  analogously to the way you would do " someone fixed the car with a wrench " . 

A:  the idea of sort of saying that you treat  from the simulation point of view or whatever  you treat , uh , WH constructions similarly to uh , indefinite pronouns 

C:  Skolemization . 

A:  and we 'll figure out exactly how to write that up and so on , 

A:  Uh , no , all the focus stuff . 

C:  Yeah . Well , if  if  I mean , i part of  of what the exercise is , t by the end of next week , is to say what are the things that we just don't have answers for yet . 

C:  Has  I haven't seen Hans Boas ? 

B:  He 's been around . 

A:  Sometimes Hans has been sort of coming in there as sort of like a  devil 's advocate type role or something , 

B:  but different perspec 

A:  And he 'll just go off on parts of it which  definitely need fixing 

C:  OK . This is consistent with um the role I had suggested that he  he play , 
C:  OK , which was  that o one of the things I would like to see happen is a paper that was tentatively called " Towards a formal cognitive semantics " 
C:  which was addressed to these linguists  uh  who haven't been following  this stuff at all . 
C:  So  it could be that he 's actually , at some level , thinking about how am I going to  communicate this story  

B:  when we 're into data and looking at the  some specific linguistic phenomenon  in  in English or in German , in particular , whatever , that 's great , 

B:  But when it 's like , well , w how do we capture these things , you know , I think it 's definitely been Keith and I who have d you know , who have worried more about the  

B:  Which  uh , so far , in terms of like putting up all the constraints as , you know , pushing them into type constraints , the  when I 've , you know , propo then proposed it to linguists who haven't yet given me  you know , we haven't yet thought of a reason that that wouldn't work . 
B:  Right ? As long as we allow our type constraints to be reasonably  complex . 

B:  I was just gonna say , though , that , for instance , there was  you know , out of a meeting with Johno  came the suggestion that " oh , could it be that the  meaning  constraints really aren't used for selection ? " 
B:  which has sort of been implicit  in the parsing  strategy we talked about . 

C:  and if you over - generate then you 'll have to do more . 

C:  Right . So . <laugh> Right . So thing  That 's part of why we want the formalism , 

A:  The WH question has this as sort of extra thing which says " and when you 're done , tell me who fills that slot " or w you know . 

