
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Testing . 
D:  Sibilance . 
D:  Sibilance .   Three , three . 
D:  I am three . 
D:  See , that matches the seat up there . 
D:  So . 
D:  Cuz it 's  That starts counting from zero 
D:  and these start counting from one . 
D:  Ergo , the classic off - by - one error . 
D:  Is it ? 
D:  Your mike  number  is what we 're t 
D:  Ho ! 
D:  I 've bested you again , Nancy . 
D:  The paper is correct . 
D:  I didn't det I was saying the microphone , not the paper . 
D:  So is Keith showing up ? 
D:  He 's talking with George right now . 
D:  Uh , is he gonna get a rip  uh  rip himself away from  from that ? 
D:  Oh , then it 's just gonna be the five of us ? 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  But that 's some sort of conversion program ? 
D:  I think you should demand things from him . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So the trees  for  
D:  the XML trees for the  for the gene for the synthesizer are written . 
D:  So I just need to  do the , uh  write a new set of  tree combining rules . 
D:  But I think those 'll be pretty similar to the old ones . 
D:  So . 
D:  Just gonna be  you know  
D:  I know what he 's talking about . 
D:  The guy . 
D:  What  language is that  written 
D:  i Is that that Scheme thing that you showed me ? 
D:  She knows how to program in Scheme ? 
D:  I hope ? 
D:  Well , I guess if you 're not used to functional programming , Scheme can be completely incomprehensible . 
D:  Cuz , there 's no  
D:  Like  there 's lots of unnamed functions 
D:  and  
D:  You know ? 
D:  Are we gonna  Can we change the voice of the  of the thing , 
D:  because right now the voice sounds like a murderer . 
D:  The  the little Smarticus  
D:  Smarticus sounds like a murderer . 
D:  " I have your reservations . " 
D:  Does OGI stand for  ?  Original German Institute ? 
D:  Oh . 
D:  Ah . 
D:  Hmm ! 
D:  How was this by accident ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I  I wa I was looking at it . 
D:  It doesn't follow logically . 
D:  It doesn't  The first paragraph doesn't seem to have any link to the second paragraph . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Each paragraph is good , though . 
D:  I li 
D:  Well , uh , is it  doesn't it seem like if you just managed the dialogue history with a  a thread , that you know , kept track of ho of the activity of  
D:  I mean , cuz it would  the  the thread would know what nodes  like , needed to be activated , 
D:  so it could just keep track of  how long it 's been since  something 's been mentioned , and  automatically load it in . 
D:  We - yeah  th th that 's what I wa I wasn't  I was  I wasn't thinking in terms of Enter schemas . 
D:  I was just  
D:  Mmm . 
D:  You could just hav uh , just basically , ob it  It observes an  er , it sets the  a node for " entered " or " true " or something , 
D:  " discourse enter " . 
D:  What  uh , what 's the argument for putting it in the construction ? 
D:  Is it just that  the s synonym selection is better , or  ? 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Oh , I see . 
D:  Yeah , but it  he the decisions I made wer had to do with my thesis . 
D:  So consequently don't I get to decide then that it 's Robert 's job ? 
D:  Would it  
D:  And the s 
D:  Is the Speech - Gen meeting still at  on Tuesdays ? 
D:  Although I thought you wanted to go camping on Monday  er , take off Mondays a lot so you could go camping . 
D:  Ha - ha - ha . 
D:  No way ! 
D:  Hmm , hmm . 
D:  Well it definitely makes the problem easier . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  What about  What about DDR ? 
D:  Mmm . 
