None
abst_sum - abstract: A detailed diagram of the belief-net had already been disseminated.

B:  one of which is just lay out the influence structure of what we think influences what 
abst_sum - abstract: Its structure was discussed during the meeting.

B:  the way we had been designing this , there were three intermediate nodes 
B:  uh which were the endpoint decision as seen from the uh user model as seen from the ontology and as seen from the discourse . 
D:  These are all like saying EV or A , 
abst_sum - abstract: There are several endpoints (User, Ontology, Discourse etc) with separate EVA (Enter/View/Approach) values.

B:  one of which is just lay out the influence structure of what we think influences what 
abst_sum - abstract: Details of how different inputs feed into them were discussed at length.

E:  if it 's fixing things selling things , or servicing things 
B:  so the idea would be that you might wanna merge those three 
B:  you could have a node that 's  that was a measure of the match between the object 's feature , you know , the match between the object the entity , I 'm sorry and the user . 
abst_sum - abstract: Ideas mentioned included grouping features of buildings like "selling", "fixing" and "exhibiting", as well as creating a User-compatibility node that would take different values depending on the situation and the user status.

E:  So here is the  the  we had that the user 's budget may influence the outcome of decisions . 
B:  Well the fir see the first thing is , getting back to thing we left out of the other is the actual discourse . 
abst_sum - abstract: Similarly, a Go-there (towards a building) node can be influenced by things like the user's budget and discourse parameters amongst other things.

B:  and we don't know what they are yet . 
abst_sum - abstract: The latter are still ill-defined at this stage.

B:  because uh we 're gonna want to know you know , which constructions indicate various of these properties 
abst_sum - abstract: The study of the linguistic constructions that people use in this kind of navigational domain is expected to be prove useful in that respect.

D:  So um recall the basic problem which is that um you have a belief - net and you have like a lot of different nodes all contributing to one node . 
D:  So the problem is to specify the uh so the conditional property of this given all those , 
abst_sum - abstract: As each node in the tree is the decision point of the combination of its parent nodes, which rules govern this combination is an important issue.

D:  and we just take the uh we essentially take um averages , 
D:  This is a hidden variable . 
C:  W I was just , if you wanted to pay attention to more than one you could pass a w a weighting s system though too , 
abst_sum - abstract: There are several approaches ranging from simply averaging the inputs to using a hidden variable in order to weight them differently depending on context.

C:  OK , so they  they could either be hand coded or learned or 
abst_sum - abstract: If the latter architecture is used, the net could -to an extent- be trained with the data that is currently being collected.

None
abst_sum - decisions: Although this was mainly a brainstorming meeting, some minor tasks were allocated for the near future.

D:  Yeah , I  I mean , it might soon , if this is gonna be used in a serious way like java base then it might soon be necessary to uh start modifying it for our purposes . 
abst_sum - decisions: Since the net architecture and possible decision algorithms were discussed, it is necessary to examine how much of this JavaBayes can accommodate and, if not, what modifications would be necessary.

None
abst_sum - decisions: Additionally, the german partners visiting the institute will need to see some results of the new system design.

A:  so , I mean I know we 're going for sort of a rough and ready . 
abst_sum - decisions: Finally, the analysis of the linguistic constructions for the current research domain can begin even with limited data, as, at this stage, they need not be very detailed.

None
abst_sum - problems: The is only a diagrammatic view of how the decision tree for the EVA task looks like.

E:  we have the user interest is a  is a vector of five hundred values , 
B:  that you 'd have to do see in order to do reference and stuff like that um you 've gotta have both the current discourse and the context to say I wanna go back there , 
abst_sum - problems: A lot of the details have been glossed over: the user model can potentially comprise a huge number of factors; a planning "go-there" node needs input from several other areas of the net; there are intricate interactions between discourse and the situation model.

B:  and we don't know what they are yet . 
abst_sum - problems: Similarly, what discourse properties are of importance and how they influence EVA probabilities is still a mystery.

D:  but then the question is do you  do we wanna propagate beliefs every single time it 's updated or only when we need to ? 
abst_sum - problems: On a more general note, there is also the question of whether the net should be updated continuously or only when it is needed.

None
abst_sum - problems: No final decision was taken as to the rules of computation applying in the belief-net.

C:  OK , so they  they could either be hand coded or learned or 
C:  Based on training data , 
D:  like , are we able to get these nodes from the data ? 
abst_sum - problems: The more interesting solutions would ideally require training data, and it is still debatable whether the current collection would be appropriate for this particular task.

D:  Yeah , I  I mean , it might soon , if this is gonna be used in a serious way like java base then it might soon be necessary to uh start modifying it for our purposes . 
abst_sum - problems: In any case, how different architectures can be implemented in JavaBayes and what modifications would be necessary for the purposes of this project also need to be investigated.

