A:  we need design a remote control for television set , 
A:  which has to be original , trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  The project I got was just for a T_V_ remote control . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The goal of the project is to design an original, trendy and user-friendly remote control for TV.

A:  I'll be your Project Manager for today , for this project . 
D:  Um I will be uh  Pr Project  the Marketing Expert . 
B:  User Interface Designer . 
C:  I'm the Industrial Designer , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The team comprises the project manager, the marketing expert, who is looking at user needs, the user interface designer, looking at usability, and the industrial designer, working on the engineering and materials.

A:  First step will be the functional design . 
A:  Anyway , we'll take this project in three steps , three pha uh three phase of design . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project will be completed with three further meetings: the following meeting concerns the functional design.

A:  so to help with these , you have  we have the SMARTboards here . 
A:  I'm supposed to give you an introduction on this doodling board , 
A:  just stuff that you wanna share , just put it in the in the project folder , 
descriptions: Inform Offer Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager gave a quick overview of the equipment available.

A:  Selling price , twenty five Euros . 
A:  The production price , twelve and a half Euros , approximately . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The remote  needs to be produced for 12.50 euros in order to be sold for double that amount.

A:  gonna give the electronic white-board uh a shot . 
A:  So , draw us your favourite animal . 
A:  It's supposed to be a dolphin , 
D:  I like the elephant . 
C:  the animal I'd like to draw is a tiger . 
A:  I introduce to the world the amazing ant . 
descriptions: Offer Suggest Inform Assess Offer Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The whole team tried out the SMARTboard, by drawing their favourite animals.

A:  What are y What are your first ideas for the new product ? 
B:  Do we want people who are disabled in any way to uh , yeah , to be able to use it as well ? 
A:  but I think it's a little  take it into consideration . 
C:  is uh the the material it is made of , it should be something light . 
descriptions: Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Elicit-Inform Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: Afterwards, they discussed briefly their first ideas, including the use of light materials and usability concerns.

None

abst_sum - action: *NA*

A:  we need design a remote control for television set , 
A:  The project I got was just for a T_V_ remote control . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote is just going to be for TV.

B:  No rational changes or whatever , 'cause it  revolutionary changes , 
A:  so very intuitive design , I guess . 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Assessment 
abst_sum - decisions: The design should generally be intuitive without changes that would render it an unfamiliar object to customers.

B:  Do we want people who are disabled in any way to uh , yeah , to be able to use it as well ? 
A:  but I think it's a little  take it into consideration . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The team will also take into account possible usability issues concerning disabled people.

C:  is uh the the material it is made of , it should be something light . 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: They also agreed to choose light materials.

None

abst_sum - problems: *NA*

