C:  we were looking he specifically at the components uh  the following components , 
C:  uh the case , the power supply , uh the means of communications with the television set . 
C:  In instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition , 
C:  you have to have microphone  
C:  well no you don't actually I haven't  have to have microphone in the device , 
C:  it has to it has to hear the speaker 
C:  so it could be in the television set , could be in the device , 
C:  and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost . 
C:  Our method for going about this is we've looked at uh the histo hi historical record , what's worked , what hasn't 
C:  and then we also um  we wanted to evaluate some new materials 
C:  and we contacted manufacturing for their input 
C:  because , course , we m might <other> come up and choose the material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us , 
C:  So um for the case , um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design . 
C:  Course , you know , I wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable , 
C:  but um that uh doesn't seem to b be one of the choic non-option we can uh  we can really seriously explore , 
C:  <other> so then we were thinking about um rubber , 
C:  but um unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor 
C:  and th um there might be some <other> problems with the m uh how it's  <other> uh goes with the board . 
C:  <other> Uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle  it gets brittle after a while , 
C:  so um we still had titanium and and wood available , 
C:  but um unfortunately uh uh titanium's also been eliminated uh , 
C:  the m people in manufacturing said that you couldn't make d curved cases out of titanium , 
C:  So then there's this other matter of the chips and um well we could use a simple design on the board , 
C:   uh these simple chips , but that's only works for the bu you don't get very much um intelligence with this simple one . 
C:  And um then there was the regular which <other> 
C:  I regret that I've forgotten exactly why I'm eliminating that one . 
C:  Uh the other option was this advanced chip on print , 
C:  we found that it it includes this infrared sender , 
C:  which w 'member the beam was  that was an important component of finding the right chip . 
C:  And uh manufacturing has told us that they've um uh recently developed a uh a sensor and a speaker that would uh be integrated into this advanced chip on print , 
C:  now jumping right to our personal preferences 
C:  and then I uh think we should go with the solar cells as well as the um microphone and speaker on the advanced chip . 
A:  question , uh , what's mean exactly , advanced chip on print ? 
C:  I think it's um um a multiple uh chip design um <other> 
C:  and it's uh maybe printed on to the circuit board . 
C:  but I'll find out more at our next meeting . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer gave her components concept presentation, which presented the components that will be used and how they will be integrated into the functional design.

C:  nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood . 
C:  um I I'd really think we should , you know , use some of uh some really exotic woods , like um , 
C:  you know uh , well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods . 
C:  I think that people will might really want to design their own cases , 
C:  and then they could submit their orders , kinda like you submit a custom car order , you know , 
C:  and my recommendations um for the new remote control w um would be to have um have it be made out of wood . 
B:  Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material ? 
C:  Because um it gets brittle , cracks  
C:  we expect these um <other> uh these remote controls to be around for several hundred years . 
B:  I think with wood though you'd run into the same types of problems , 
B:  I mean it chips , it if you drop it , 
A:  So  so you're not convinced about the the wood , yes . 
B:  I think <other> if you re if you use really good quality wood , then it might work , 
D:  the o the only w the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard , extremely hard wood , 
D:  Well , it's actually a very innovative n different idea that uh you know you can choose your colour of wood , your type of wood . 
B:  One thing we'd have to check though is what the users  whether  how quickly the novelty wears off of having uh <other> 
C:  you wouldn't wanna have to have splinters in your hand while you're using your  
B:  have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that , 
abst_sum - abstract: She announced that their only choice for casing material was wood, so she suggested an idea of having customizable wood cases.

B:  So , it's a very short presentation , 
B:  'cause I'm actually gonna draw you the layout on the board 
B:  I took the ideas that we were talking about last time um and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that y you can actually see on it are the on off switch , volume and channel control , the menu access button , ergonomic shape , 
B:  which I completely agree with Christine's idea to have it sort of molded , so it's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the r standard very straight remote controls . 
B:  And actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customising idea , is that people can actually do sort of quasi-measurements on their hand size , 
B:  so if someone has larger hands , you have a wider remote control . 
B:  <other> So , that's actually a really good idea for customi customisability . 
B:  Um , one thing I thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it , just like you have on flip phones , 
B:  so that you don't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it , 
B:  especially if you have little kids around , they're not pressing the buttons while you're trying to watch a T_V_ show and accidentally change the channel or turn it off . 
B:  And also <other> um you had issues with the batteries running out , 
B:  so I thought maybe we could put a little battery life-light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery is  starts to die . 
B:  And in terms of invisible features , audio and um tactile feedback on button presses and , like you said , speech recognition . 
B:  You'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big , 
B:  sort of in the corner and by itself , so you don't accidentally turn your T_V_ off while you're trying to manoeuvre other buttons . 
B:  And then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for , oops , channels and volume , sort of for surfing channels and then volume , 
B:  so the volume would be the up and down , 'cause volume goes up and down and then channels left to right . 
B:  And then here you'd have your sort of standard , telephonish number pad . 
B:  and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control . 
B:  Um , so again you can have a little L_C_D_ light somewhere , the flip <other> thing and  
B:  So , as you can see , it's a very very simple design , 
B:  which is one of the things I really wanted to keep , is keep it simple , not have too many buttons , not have too many functionalities thrown into it . 
B:  although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different . 
C:  Be like a copper hinge or you know . 
B:  But you also have to d start watching out for the weight , 
B:  'cause depending on how much the the flip screen will add to the weight of the remote control , you don't want it to start getting too heavy . 
B:  As you can see , there's still lots of space on the actual remote control 
B:  and if you do it customisably , <other> you can make this thing fairly small or fairly o large , depending on personal preferences . 
B:  Um the centering of the key pad and <other> the channel is just depending on where your thumb is 
B:  and you tend to use the the volume control and uh the browsing more than the actual number pad , 
B:  so that would be sort of in direct line of where your thumb goes when you are holding the remote control , 
B:  the number pad a little bit lower 'cause it's used less frequently . 
B:  So once we decide exactly what we want , then we can figure out the exact positioning , 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer gave her presentation on the user interface concept for the product, and gave a basic layout of the remote's key functions.

D:  I also have a f <other> very simple presentation , 
D:  because for the marketing point you have to see what the consumers want . 
D:  <other> I also have uh copied a different type of remote . 
D:  <other> We've been giving simple <other> questionnaires in different areas 
D:  because th  obviously we have to see what the com consumers are looking for today , 
D:  'cause uh trends change very very quickly . 
D:  Looking for next generation of innovation , 
D:  fancy and feel-good , that's what we've been looking for , 
D:  something that feels good in the hand , that's easy to use . 
D:  Easy to use , has always has become  has become another major interest that uh , 
D:  And I think this is another thing that's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology . 
D:  The second two , you can see the last one is a very easy simple design . <other> 
D:  The second one , there is about uh forty-five thousand different buttons on it , which makes it fairly hard to read , uh very hard to use . 
D:  The first one , I see <other> that they put in a display . 
D:  Now there's something else uh with the little flip-up , now we're adding all kinds of things in , 
D:  but with the little flip-up , if you have a little display on the flip-up that when you close it everything is locked . 
D:  Maybe the display also makes it easier to use , 
D:  So maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use , trendy , fancy , feels good , <laugh> uh with a display , wood , designer wood , designer colours 
C:  Context-sensitive instructions , depending on what the tel what mode the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ or something else is in . 
B:  Especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert presented the marketing concept and discussed including a display to facilitate use.

C:  You know , maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like um <other> a uh <other> uh b some sort of a foam rubber um ball , 
C:  and then they would squeeze it , and it would take the shape of their hand . 
B:  But th for that you'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that if  unless everyone has their own personal remote . 
B:  Well , already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick . 
D:  it was uh Nokia that came out with this changeable colours . 
D:  Right , you take it apart , and put on another face , take it off and put on another face 
D:  and then they sold millions , millions . 
C:  We'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes , 
C:  we might wanna um learn about um <other> labour laws . 
C:  You know in different countries and stuff wher so we can do it cheap , 
C:  but you don't wanna exploit uh labour in um third world countries . 
C:  So actually you could turn it y turn around and say that you're uh par the reason the cost is high for the device is because um you're paying a a working wage to the person who made the device . 
A:  Yeah , but we can get a production in , uh <other> , countries like , uh , India 
D:  We're here to design , come up with a nice product . <other> 
A:  but uh that that we can that we can talk about the production later , okay , depends on the the quantity , okay . 
A:  So we don't need to have our own uh fabric factory or something , 
A:  but uh le let's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept , okay , 
abst_sum - abstract: The group discussed the unique, custom design of the remote, and quickly talked about finding a manufacturer that could make the custom cases cheaply that still paid fair wages.

A:  And your design <other> whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple , so 
B:  I mean I think it's a good idea , 
B:  but we need to really think about how useful it's gonna be 
B:  So , if we're trying to keep costs down , then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go . 
B:  because theoretically with the T_V_ you already have a big display <other> right in front of you . 
B:  I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for  
C:  do you know how much it costs , um , to to add a little display like this uh ? 
C:  Do you wanna take an action item to go find out ? 
D:  Once we get a price on it then we can market it . 
A:  what we'll do is , uh , we will stick with the the simple design for time being 
A:  until uh th Ed find outs about the how much it's cost to the extra , in case we go for the display . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group also discussed whether or not to incorporate the display into the design, and decided to wait until the cost of adding that feature was known before adding it to the design.

A:  maybe what you can do is uh , both of you , you can come up with the the prototype , okay , the model . 
A:  Then meantime you can come up with the price , how much it's cost as extra for uh the display . 
A:  An and the marketing strategy , that's very important , okay . 
A:  So , by next meeting , so , please come up with the the prototype , okay , 
A:  then uh , then we can proceed from there . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer were instructed to begin building a prototype, and the Marketing Expert was instructed to work on the marketing strategy as well as research the cost of the display component.

A:  maybe what you can do is uh , both of you , you can come up with the the prototype , okay , the model . 
A:  So , by next meeting , so , please come up with the the prototype , okay , 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer will design the prototype of the remote control.

C:  Do you wanna take an action item to go find out ? 
D:  Once we get a price on it then we can market it . 
A:  Then meantime you can come up with the price , how much it's cost as extra for uh the display . 
A:  An and the marketing strategy , that's very important , okay . 
abst_sum - action: The Marketing Expert will find out how much the display component costs and will present his marketing strategy at the next meeting.

A:  but uh le let's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept , okay , 
C:  A customisable and  
C:  and um I think we've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case . 
C:  So the <other> the advanced chip on print is what um what we've <other> we've deci we've determined 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided on the features that will be included in the final design of the prototype.

C:  I think that people will might really want to design their own cases , 
C:  you know uh , well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods . 
C:  and then they could submit their orders , kinda like you submit a custom car order , you know , 
B:  Well , already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick . 
C:  So the <other> the advanced chip on print is what um what we've <other> we've deci we've determined 
C:  and um I think we've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case . 
C:  A customisable and  
C:  I think they could be rubber like they are now , 
B:  What about the buttons , would  Would the buttons be wood too , or  
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have customized wood casing and ergonomic sizing, voice recognition, a locator function, rubber buttons in a simple arrangement, an advanced chip, and a battery life indicator.

B:  I mean I think it's a good idea , 
B:  So , if we're trying to keep costs down , then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go . 
B:  but we need to really think about how useful it's gonna be 
B:  I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for  
C:  Do you wanna take an action item to go find out ? 
D:  Once we get a price on it then we can market it . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group discussed including a display on the remote, but the prototype will be designed without a display until the Marketing Expert finds out how much it would cost to add it.

C:  We'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes , 
A:  Yeah , but we can get a production in , uh <other> , countries like , uh , India 
C:  but you don't wanna exploit uh labour in um third world countries . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided to contact another company to manufacture the product that could do it cheaply yet still paid fair wages.

B:  Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material ? 
C:  <other> so then we were thinking about um rubber , 
C:  but um unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor 
C:  <other> Uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle  it gets brittle after a while , 
C:  but um unfortunately uh uh titanium's also been eliminated uh , 
C:  nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood . 
abst_sum - problems: The number of options for the material used for the casing was restricted; the group was left with one material that could be used for the product.

B:  I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for  
C:  do you know how much it costs , um , to to add a little display like this uh ? 
C:  Do you wanna take an action item to go find out ? 
abst_sum - problems: There was a lack of information on how much certain components would cost.

