A:  uh good morning everybody here . 
A:  And uh I want to introduce myself , 
A:  uh my name is uh Shrida Daseri 
A:  and uh I'm a project manager for this new project which we are going to discuss now . 
A:  So I want to introduce first of all uh the names and the colleagues here . 
B:  my name is Agnes 
B:  and I'm an user  usability user interface designer . 
D:  <other> My name is Ed 
D:  and I do accounting . 
C:  Do you also do marketing ? 
A:  So only accounting ? 
C:  And I'm Christine , 
C:  and my role in this uh scenario is to be the industrial designer . 
A:  So who is uh marketing , nobody in the market 
D:  Marketing is uh , is me <laugh> . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group introduced themselves to each other and discussed their roles in the project.

A:  So thanks for coming for the meeting first of all , 
A:  and uh we have a long time , just twenty-five minutes to discuss about uh this project and the the project initiation . 
A:  First of all I want to ask uh Mister Ed about your uh marketing plan and your product plan and uh  
D:  <laugh> Well I think that we'll see that throughout the day in how we're going to put this together as a marketing to to market the product . 
D:  We'll have to see on a through discussion on where we're gonna go from here and from  with this . 
A:  but uh do you already have like a functional design or a technical design or  
D:  <other> Uh for the moment not yet . 
A:  do you have some project plan , something with you or  
D:  this is like I said that we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there . 
D:  We'll have to  simply we'll have to work on it together . 
A:  so uh by when you think you can uh give me some kind of uh project plan , okay , 
D:  Certainly by the next meeting . 
A:  so there's any questions or uh first of all about uh this project ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager opened a discussion about the project plan and asked the Marketing Expert to prepare an overall plan for the project.

C:  What is the goal of the project ? 
A:  Uh the goal of the project I think maybe I'll uh hand out to the Ed , okay , 
A:  so to explain uh what is the project because he's in the sales and the accounting . 
A:  so can you explain uh what exactly the product is ? 
D:  From what I had in mind we're supposed to be marketing coffee , 
A:  Oh I think uh , if I'm not wrong , we're making the remote control . 
D:  'cause I had two different things . 
D:  I had a first part of mine was to make a remote control for a new f remote control for television , 
D:  and afterward I had a discussion about coffee so <laugh> 
D:  we'll start with the remote control for television then . 
D:  So we're have to design something that is very user friendly . 
D:  Something uh visual that has something that will will draw people to buy the product , 
D:  because I think everybody's experienced with uh remote controls , 
D:  we're have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use , 
D:  'cause a lot of times uh spend uh half a day through the instruction book trying to figure out how to use it . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert presented the initial aim of the project: the creation of a fresh, user-friendly remote control device.

A:  Christine , what about your uh the industrial design plan ? 
A:  Are you have a design already on this product or uh you're still working on the design ? 
C:  Um no , I I have not begun working on the design , 
C:  I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control , 
C:  Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor , 
C:  and um I understood that that was the project goal . 
C:  Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together 
C:  and there was going to be a four member team composed of these people , 
A:  So uh you'll be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team , for the design ? 
C:  Um well , I would th think that depends on how much money you give us . 
C:  Um because uh , you know , you can uh you can make it uh  <other> you have different choices with different financial models . 
A:  Yeah , but uh before we talk about uh the finance , okay , uh do you have some idea how we can uh sell this product or project in the market 
A:  and how much is going to benefit to the company and uh of course it's to the individual also . 
C:  I kind of think that in general you have to do uh um y you have to have something that's very fashionable , that's uh very attractive  that um people see and recognize uh its goal , and uh they immediately wanna have it uh have one of their own . 
C:  So it would  really would need to um  <other> 
C:  you know , I don't care what it does , just so it looks cool . 
A:  but uh uh when you think you can give me like a kind of design on the functional design or the technical design ? 
C:  <other> Well , uh I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now um 
C:  If they uh go quickly then uh it could be a month . 
C:  If um if I run into any problems in my other projects it might be six months . 
A:  so like uh what's your functional design , what's your technical design , and uh how many people you need for this project , and what's the time frame you're looking , okay , and what is the budget , maybe uh initial budget you're looking , okay , and uh how is going to the market , okay , 
A:  so you've you've had to meet with the marketing team and how they're going to market and what are the marketing strategic plan , okay , 
A:  when are you going to introduce , okay , and by the time you introduce the product and uh you know there there would be a competition , 
A:  okay , so I need some kind of uh uh the plan in the writing from you . 
A:  because I need to go to the management and uh tell them what we are going to do , and uh what cost is , okay , and what's the time frame and what's the project plan , 
A:  because uh without any uh documentations , I cannot go to the management and say , so we are going to do this and we need this much money , 
C:  Uh <other> are there other people who will be contributing to the plan ? 
A:  if you need some help , uh so let me know . 
A:  So , who are the people you need uh from the marketing or uh the technical side or uh the administration point of view , okay , to add in any documentation , or some technical point of view , 
A:  And uh Ed uh so what's  what do you think about uh this uh project for the remote control 
A:  and d do you have some already planned something for your marketing strategy or uh the sales strategy ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager asked the Industrial Designer to create a functional design plan for the device, then asked the Marketing Expert about ideas for the sales strategy.

D:  Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh , what they're building , their designs , their ideas , 
D:  uh also have to pinpoint which market we're gonna go into . 
D:  It should be a fairly large market because uh the number of people that uh  the competition , 
D:  uh th I agree it has to be something  it has to be something new , 
D:  Whether it works or not , they have to first say I like this , I like the design , 
D:  and then it's gotta be simple to use . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert presented an initial sales plan: to analyze the competition and to pinpoint the target marketing group.

A:  Yes , so what I uh prefer maybe uh you need to interact uh more with the Christine , okay , 
A:  because you know what she is going to do it , okay , 
A:  but you are the core because you are in the marketing , okay , 
A:  So , what I prefer , okay , so you need to interact with the Christine more and uh within her team , okay , who is using the functional design or technical design , okay , 
A:  and uh you need to come up with some kind of plan , okay , how we are going to do the  your sales plan , okay , 
D:  Do we already have a cost limit on this , th an idea of how much uh we want to market this for , how much it's gonna sell for , 
D:  that's up that's up to us to decide , eh ? <laugh> 
A:  Yes , that's  you have to decide , okay , 
A:  so the best thing is you  uh both of uh the Christine and you discuss with yourself , okay , and come up with the cost , 
A:  and how we are going to compete in the market , okay , in the the technically , or in the sales wise , okay , the commercial wise , okay . 
A:  Then uh we have to design , okay , how long it will take the whole project , okay , how much is going to cost us , and how much we are going to benefit for the company . 
A:  Okay , so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan , okay , including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team , okay , then it will help me to discuss with the management for further , okay , and put it in the the proper project plan . 
A:  Okay , and if you need uh any coordination in between uh compared to the maybe the some technical vendors or commercial vendors , okay , depends if you want to have some uh uh marketing plan or technical plan , okay , so you let me know . 
A:  or maybe uh , you are my coordinator , am I right ? 
B:  I mean my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable , it's acceptable to the people who are gonna use it and look at the best ways to do that . 
B:  So I think I'll have to interact with Christine and discuss with her , so that she's not designing something that my studies will show right off the bat that it's not going to work , 
B:  because depending on what users want , depends on how you sell it , what tag lines you attach to it , how you try to make it more attractive to users . 
B:  So I think all three groups will need to interact quite a bit . 
A:  Okay and please please copy all the mails , okay , all the discussions to me , okay , 
B:  Yeah , we can C_C_ him on any discussions or documents that are passed around . 
A:  But what I request , okay ,  keep Ed in the loop , okay , in between your uh meeting and Christine meeting , because uh he should know what's happening . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager instructed all participants to work together on their respective design plans.

B:  So , the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design , or 
A:  To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed , okay , and how it's going to be work , 
A:  and uh first of all with your user acceptance , okay , how it looks like and how it's going to be work in the market , okay , 
A:  so then we can discuss about uh further things . 
C:  Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides ? 
A:  Yes , I will . Yes . 
A:  And if anything you need anytime so please either you can call me , or just send me email , or uh just come and uh knock my door , okay , 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager decided that the design plans will be discussed at the next meeting, and that the next step will be to come up with a functional design of the device.

A:  Okay , so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan , okay , including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team , okay , then it will help me to discuss with the management for further , okay , and put it in the the proper project plan . 
A:  and how we are going to compete in the market , okay , in the the technically , or in the sales wise , okay , the commercial wise , okay . 
abst_sum - action: The Marketing Expert will prepare a sales plan for the product and discuss the project budget and the sales strategy.

A:  To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed , okay , and how it's going to be work , 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer will prepare an initial functional design.

A:  and uh first of all with your user acceptance , okay , how it looks like and how it's going to be work in the market , okay , 
B:  I mean my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable , it's acceptable to the people who are gonna use it and look at the best ways to do that . 
abst_sum - action: The User Interface Designer will contribute studies on user requirements to the functional design.

C:  Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides ? 
A:  Yes , I will . Yes . 
abst_sum - action: The Project Manager will post his presentation to be available for all participants.

A:  so then we can discuss about uh further things . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will discuss the design plans of the three experts at the next meeting.

B:  So , the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design , or 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will first work on a functional design of the device.

D:  Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh , what they're building , their designs , their ideas , 
C:  Um no , I I have not begun working on the design , 
C:  I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control , 
C:  Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor , 
C:  and um I understood that that was the project goal . 
C:  Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together 
abst_sum - problems: The group did not receive sufficient information about the project in advance to be prepared to create a project plan in the first meeting.

