C:  but um uh Jose and I were just talking about <inbreath> the uh <page turn> uh , speech e energy thing , 
C:  He was  he  he was taking everything over two hundred milliseconds 
C:  And so i i his  his  He 's making the constraint it has to be at least two hundred milliseconds . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Berkely Meeting Recorder group discussed efforts by speaker mn005 to measure energy levels in cases of speaker overlap in which the time window analyzed was 200 milliseconds or greater.

C:  Right now , that he 's not really showing any kind of uh distinction , but uh  
C:  Um . And uh one is that uh this is all in log energy 
C:  um and  But one thing he was pointing out is when he  he looked at a bunch of examples in log domain , it is actually pretty hard to see <inbreath> the change . 
C:  And when he 's looking in the log domain he 's not really seeing it . 
abst_sum - abstract: Preliminary results were presented showing that log domain analyses did not reveal a significant difference in mean energy levels for windows of overlapping versus non-overlapping speech.

C:  And when he 's looking in straight energy he is , 
C:  Um  But  since  <inbreath> uh your intuition from looking at some of the data , is that when you looked at the regular energy , that it did in fact usually go up , <laugh> when two people were talking , <inbreath> that 's  eh you know , you should be able to come up with a measure which will  match your intuition . 
abst_sum - abstract: In contrast, raw energy analyses were successful in showing the two groups to be distinct.

B:  and I had plan to go through with it , of  of co coding the types of overlaps that people were involved in s just with reference to speaker style so , you know , with reference  
B:  so I was planning to do a taxonomy of types overlaps with reference to that . 
abst_sum - abstract: Participants discussed alternate strategies for examining energy and the importance of categorizing types of speaker overlap.

A:  Yeah this was the problem with these categories , 
abst_sum - abstract: Participants also reviewed the latest iteration of speaker forms, and discussed recent changes to the Transcriber tool.

C:  Um  Another is that he needs to play with the  the different uh  uh temporal sizes . 
C:  uh , and uh he 's going to vary that number and also look at moving windows , as we discussed before . 
C:  Um And uh  and the other thing is that the  yeah doing the  <inbreath> subtracting off the mean and the variance in the   uh and dividing it by the  standard deviation in the log domain , <inbreath> may not be  the right thing to do . 
C:  So yeah there  there  there  There 's a good chance then given that different people do talk different amounts  that there is  there  there is still a lot more to be gained from gain norm normalization with some sort 
C:  Uh . But we were agreed that in addition to that  uh there should be  s stuff related to pitch and harmonics and so forth . 
C:  Um And then we w I think we 're agreed that pitch - related things are  are  are going to be a  a really likely candidate to help . 
C:  And then you can move on to the uh  uh more <mike loud pop> pitch related stuff . 
C:  And then that should give us some indication  between those , should give us some indication of whether there 's anything to be achieved f from energy at all . 
E:  Not consider the log energy . 
C:  I think I would just sort of look at the energy  and then get into the harmonicity as  as a suggestion . 
abst_sum - decisions: Continuing efforts by speaker mn005 to measure energy levels in cases of speaker overlap will not include additional log energy analyses, but rather an analysis of raw energy for normalized speaker dataacross windows of varying duration, followed by an examination of pitch- and harmonicity-related features.

B:  and I had plan to go through with it , of  of co coding the types of overlaps that people were involved in s just with reference to speaker style so , you know , with reference  
B:  so I was planning to do a taxonomy of types overlaps with reference to that . 
abst_sum - decisions: Speakers fe008 and fe016 discussed plans to categorize and produce a taxonomy of types of speaker overlap.

D:  But it is definitely true that we need to have the time marks , 
D:  and I was assuming that will be inherited because , if you have the words and they 're roughly aligned in time via forced alignment or whatever we end up using , then you know , this  student and I would be looking at the time marks 
D:  Well , we  we wouldn't be able to do any work without a forced alignment anyway , 
abst_sum - problems: Time marks for transcribed or force-aligned data are needed to analyze types of speaker overlap.

A:  So I 'm not sure what to do about the Region field for English variety . 
A:  But I don't know how to  I don't know how to  I don't know how to categorize them . 
A:  Yeah this was the problem with these categories , 
abst_sum - problems: With respect to speaker forms, the group discussed problems associated with categorizing regional dialects of American English.

A:  But the problem with it is the drawing of those waveforms is so slow that every time you do anything it just crawls . 
A:  Just about anything , and it  it was so slow it was not usable . 
abst_sum - problems: The new version of Transcriber does not feature the waveform, as re-drawing of this window is too slow using Snack.

