abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animal and discussed what they liked about the animal .
abstract: the project manager talked about the project finances and selling prices .
abstract: the team then discussed various features to consider in making the remote .
action: the industrial designer will work on the working design of the remote .
action: the user interface designer will work on the technical functions of the remote .
action: the marketing executive will work on what requirements the remote has to fulfill
decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro .
decisions: the remote will be sold on an international scale .
decisions: the production costs can not exceed 12 . 50 euro .
problems: whether the remote will be used exclusively for televisions .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to consider when designing the remote .
abstract: the user interface designer presented two existing products and discussed what was wrong with each product .
abstract: the team discussed how to create a remote which did not include the problems present in the existing products presented by the interface specialist .
abstract: the marketing expert presented consumer preferences and requirements and the team discussed who their target demographic should be and whether to include speech recognition in their product .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed various options for components and energy sources .
abstract: the team then discussed features to include in the remote and what they could do to figure out how to categorize them .
action: the industrial designer will work on the components concept .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface .
action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the remote will only control televisions .
decisions: the corporate color and design must be incorporated into the design of the remote .
decisions: the remote will have buttons for the following functions: on and off , channel up and down , volume up and down , and entering channel numbers .
decisions: the remote has to look good and be easy to use .
decisions: the target demographic is people aged fifteen to thirty five .
decisions: the remote will use an infra-red sensor .
decisions: the remote will use regular batteries .
problems: how to categorize the functions on the remote .
problems: how to implement the categorization of functions in the design of the remote .
problems: defining a target demographic .
problems: whether to include speech recognition as a feature in the remote .
problems: how to incorporate more advanced functions into the remote while keeping the design and usability of the remote simple .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports , stressing the need for a product that has a fancy look and feel , is technologically innovative , is easy to use , and incorporates some aspect of fruit and vegetables in its design .
abstract: the interface specialist presented research on the appearance of current remotes , concluding that current remotes are generally unappealing in terms of look and usability .
abstract: the interface specialist presented ideas on how to remedy the unappealing aspects of current remotes in the team 's design and also how to incorporate the corporate color scheme into the design .
abstract: the industrial designer presented options for materials , components , and batteries and discussed the restrictions involved in using certain materials .
abstract: the team then discussed options for the shape and color scheme of the remote , as well as what components , batteries , and materials to use .
action: some team members will design a prototype of the remote
decisions: the remote will be curvy .
decisions: the remote will be shaped like a snowman .
decisions: the remote will not have a talk-back function .
decisions: the remote will have a jog dial .
decisions: the materials used will be plastic and rubber .
decisions: the case will have a soft fruit-like feel to it .
decisions: the remote will have rubber buttons .
problems: what sort of battery to use .
problems: how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme , the corporate color , and soft materials into the remote .
problems: what shape the remote should be .
problems: whether the remote should have a talk-back function .
problems: whether to have an lcd display on the remote .
problems: what the case will look like .
problems: whether to include a jog dial on the remote .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented their prototype and discussed the features the prototype contained .
abstract: the team then looked at the production costs of the remote and had to decide which features to retain or lose in order to maintain the target cost .
abstract: in maintaining the target cost , the team had to lose a number of features which they originally wanted , such as a kinetic battery , an lcd display , and various color options .
abstract: the team then evaluated the prototype on the basis of its appearance , technological innovation , and spongy quality .
abstract: the prototype did fairly well in the evaluation .
abstract: the team then conducted an evaluation of the project process .
abstract: the team felt that their creativity was hindered by the project budget and their inability to discuss the project outside of their meetings and that the structure of the task did not foster teamwork .
decisions: the remote will not contain a kinetic battery .
decisions: the remote will have a regular chip .
decisions: the case will be double-curved .
decisions: the remote will have push buttons .
decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd display .
decisions: the display will be on the television instead of on the remote .
decisions: the buttons will be normal colored .
decisions: the remote will have square buttons .
problems: meeting the target cost .
abstract: the team members introduced themselves to each other by name and by their roles in the project .
abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the animal .
abstract: the project manager discussed the project finances and selling prices .
abstract: the team then discussed various features to consider in producing the remote such as gaming options , an lcd screen , and combining functionality so as to control multiple devices .
action: the team will decide how the user interface will work
decisions: the remote will cost 12 . 50 euro to produce .
decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro .
decisions: the remote will feature an ergonomic design .
problems: putting an lcd screen on the remote .
problems: having a remote that controls multiple devices .
problems: having a joystick on the remote .
abstract: the project manager recapped the events of the previous meeting and briefed the team on some new requirements the team must follow when designing the remote .
abstract: the marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences and user requirements for remotes .
abstract: the marketing expert also presented information regarding voice recognition and what demographic finds the feature appealing .
abstract: the user interface designer described the technical functions of a remote and stressed the need for a user focused design .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote .
abstract: the team then discussed the option to include voice recognition , lcd , and a feature to locate a misplaced remote .
abstract: the team briefly discussed who they were aiming their product to along with the idea of marketing their product to television manufacturers .
abstract: the team also decided on some features to include in their product .
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the remote will only control televisions .
decisions: the corporate image must be recognizable on the remote .
decisions: the remote will have a power button .
decisions: the remote will have a small joystick .
decisions: the remote will have lcd .
decisions: instead of an `` okay '' button , the user will push down on the joystick .
decisions: the remote will have a beeping noise which goes off when a user is trying to locate it .
problems: whether to include voice recognition as a feature on the remote .
problems: whether to include lcd .
problems: what functions the joystick controls .
problems: what functions the lcd controls .
problems: having a remote which controls multiple devices .
problems: what sort of components are necessary for the feature which allows the user to locate a misplaced remote .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer presented options for batteries , materials and shapes to use for the case , buttons , and chips .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for an ergonomic remote which conforms to the shape and movements of the human hand , as well as an option in which users could connect their remotes to computers in order to download program settings .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed findings from trendwatching reports , which indicated a need for products which look fancy , are technologically innovative , are easy to use , have a fruit and vegetable theme , and are spongy .
abstract: the team then discussed what materials and components to use , the color of the remote , and programming options for the remote .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work on a prototype .
action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation
decisions: the remote will use a lithium battery .
decisions: the remote will have a double curved design .
decisions: the remote will have a case made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will be yellow .
problems: having a feature on the remote which allows the user to use a computer to program the remote according to the television model he owns .
problems: where to place the company slogan on the remote .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented a prototype for the remote the team is designing and discussed its ergonomic appearance and its features .
abstract: the marketing expert began to lead the team in conducting an evaluation of the prototype but was interrupted when the project manager shifted the discussion to examining the production costs of the team 's product .
abstract: the original specifications of the team 's product proved to be too expensive and so the team had to discuss which features to lose and which to maintain in order to meet the target cost .
abstract: after discussing costs , the team returned to conducting their product evaluation .
abstract: the prototype was evaluated on the basis of its ability to be located when misplaced , ease of use , appearance , technological innovativeness , and sponginess .
abstract: overall , the prototype received average marks .
abstract: the team then evaluated the project process , finding that they were happy overall but quite displeased with the small budget .
decisions: the remote will feature an lcd .
decisions: the case for the remote will be single curved .
decisions: the remote will be designed in a special color .
decisions: the remote will be made of plastic instead of rubber .
problems: meeting the target cost .
problems: whether to keep the lcd .
problems: whether to have a double curved or single curved case .
abstract: the project manager gave an introduction to the goal of the project , to create a trendy yet user-friendly remote .
abstract: she presented a long-range agenda for the whole project .
abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other and practiced with the meeting room tools by drawing on the board .
abstract: the project manager presented the project budget , the projected price point , and the projected profit aim for the project .
abstract: then the group began a discussion about their own experiences with remote controls to generate initial design ideas for making the product user-friendly .
abstract: they discussed grouping features into a menu and adding an lcd display .
abstract: they also discussed the look of various materials that may be used in the design , in keeping with the company 's goal to create fashionable electronics .
action: the group will prepare for the functional design meeting to discuss the components and functions of the product .
problems: there may not be enough money in the budget to allow the addition of all the features the group discussed , such as the lcd display .
abstract: the industrial designer gave his presentation on the basic functions of the remote .
abstract: he presented the basic components that remotes share and suggested that smaller batteries be considered in the product design .
abstract: the user interface designer presented his ideas for making the remote easy-to-use ; he discussed using a simple design and hiding complicated features from the main interface .
abstract: the marketing expert presented the findings from a lab study on user requirements for a remote control device , and discussed users ' demand for a simple interface and advanced technology .
abstract: the project manager presented the new requirements that the remote not include a teletext function , that it be used only to control television , and that it include the company image in its design .
abstract: the group narrowed down their target marketing group to the youth market .
abstract: they discussed the functions the remote will have , including video plus capability and rechargeable batteries .
abstract: a customer service plan was suggested to make the remote seem more user-friendly , but it was decided that helpful manuals were more within the budget .
abstract: the group then discussed the shell-like shape of the remote and including several different casing options to buyers .
action: the marketing expert will research consumers ' opinions on instruction manuals .
decisions: it was decided that the group will produce one product design instead of creating alternate designs in an attempt to accomodate different users ' preferences .
decisions: the marketing will be focused towards a young , business-class buyer .
decisions: the remote will feature video plus capabilities and a seashell-like shape to accomodate the lcd display and the flip screen .
decisions: the remote will be bundled with a docking station to recharge the remote 's batteries and a user-friendly instruction manual , and multiple casings will be made available .
problems: the limitations of the budget will restrict the development of some features ; several of the features that the group wanted to include may have to be made simpler to decrease cost .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the decisions from the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert made a presentation on trend watching , including trends in user requirements and trends in fashion .
abstract: the industrial designer presented all the components of the device and announced that several of the features already discussed would not be available .
abstract: he suggested substituting a kinetic battery for the rechargeable batteries and using a combination of rubber and plastic for the materials .
abstract: the user interface designer presented his main interface design , which included buttons for the most frequently used features and a graphic user interface on the lcd screen for other functions , to keep frequently used features easy to use .
abstract: he announced that speech recognition was still an option to consider , depending on price .
abstract: the project manager then began a discussion to decide what was going into the final design .
abstract: it was decided that a kinetic battery would be used in place of a rechargeable battery , that the remote will feature an lcd screen and rubber casing and rubber buttons , and that interchangeable rubber covers in fruit colors will be available .
abstract: speech recognition may be included if it is not too costly .
decisions: it was decided that the remote would feature an lcd screen , rubber buttons , colorful rubber changeable skins , a kinetic battery , and possibly speech recognition if it is still within the budget to include it .
problems: several of the features that the group had wanted to integrate into the design were either too costly or unavailable due to new limitations from the factory .
problems: the group had to change many of the original design elements to an alternative .
abstract: the project manager went over decisions from the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer presented the prototype and discussed its look , its internal components , and its interface .
abstract: the marketing expert evaluated the product according to the initial product goals .
abstract: the group then decided that enough of this criteria had been satisfied for the project to continue .
abstract: the project manager presented the final cost of the device which exceeded the initial projected price point .
abstract: the group decided to remove speech recognition but to propose to the management that it remain in the design .
abstract: the group then discussed their effectiveness as a team .
abstract: all members felt that they interacted well and that they felt they could be creative .
abstract: the marketing expert felt that the market-research based approach would help the project 's success with consumers .
abstract: the group did express , however , that the budget was overly constraining .
abstract: the project manager instructed the group to fill out a final evaluation questionnaire .
action: the group will suggest to the management that speech recognition remain in the product design .
action: all members will fill out a final evaluation questionnaire .
decisions: it was decided that the speech recognition component seemed feasible , so it was added to the prototype design to provide a device locator function .
decisions: it was removed when the project exceeded its initial budget , but it will be suggested to the management that the speech recognition should remain in the product design .
decisions: the plastic case will be a neutral color , and the changeable rubber cases will be available in vibrant , fruit colors .
decisions: the lcd screen will appear only in black and white .
decisions: the company logo will appear on the inside of the device when opened .
decisions: the group decided that the device fulfilled enough of the project 's initial goals to continue in production .
problems: there was a lack of cost information at the beginning of the project .
problems: the group did not know how much the features made available to them actually cost until the prototype was constructed ; their prototype design may have been different had this information been available at the beginning .
abstract: the group discussed their initial ideas about the features that they wanted to integrate into the design .
abstract: they discussed making a universal remote with a locator function .
abstract: they also discussed the shape and the number of functions in the main interface .
abstract: the project manager instructed the marketing expert to examine competitors ' remotes , the user interface designer to research possible shapes and colors , and the industrial designer to research possible materials and the necessary internal components of the device .
action: the marketing expert will examine the features and design of competitors ' remotes .
action: the user interface designer will research possible shapes and colors for the device .
action: the industrial designer will research possible materials and the necessary internal components of the device .
abstract: the marketing expert presented requirements of users as found in a company market study .
abstract: the study showed that users want a fancier-looking but uncomplicated remote control , and are interested in speech recognition .
abstract: he presented the age groups polled and said that the target marketing group should be users aged fifteen to thirty-five .
abstract: the user interface designer presented several competitors ' remotes and discussed the features that would make their own device more user-friendly .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a presentation on important internal components that would keep the project within its budget , and discussed possible materials and programmable features .
abstract: the project manager gave several new requirements for the project to the group .
abstract: the group discussed the features they would like to incorporate into the design in light of the new requirements and budget constraints .
abstract: they decided to keep speech recognition as one of their components , and decided to include some programmable features , limit the number of button functions , and make the remote yellow and glow-in-the-dark , in an organic shape .
abstract: the program manager said that he would ask to what extent the company motto had to be incorporated into the design .
decisions: the remote will feature speech recognition and programmable channel and volume preferences .
decisions: the number of button functions will be limited to make the remote user-friendly .
decisions: the remote will have an organic shape and feature some yellow coloring and glow-in-the-dark material .
problems: the group seemed to have some minor technical difficulties when opening their presentations .
abstract: the marketing expert presented the results of a market survey that indicated users ' most important preferences in remote control features .
abstract: he discussed trends in fashion that should be incorporated into the prototype design .
abstract: the user interface designer compared the designs of several competitors ' remotes to decide which features should be used in their own design .
abstract: she discussed using voice recognition , an lcd screen , and color to make the device easier to use and to improve its look .
abstract: the industrial designer went over all of the internal components and materials that will be incorporated in the design .
abstract: he gave a layout of the placement of the components in the device .
abstract: the group decided to use a rubber or latex material to give the device a spongy feel .
abstract: he discussed the color and shape of the remote with the group and the placement of the components on the device .
abstract: the group discussed colors and shapes further , and decided that the remote will be yellow , and perhaps having a fruit-inspired shape .
abstract: the group decided to use a rechargeable battery and recharging stand .
abstract: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to construct the prototype .
action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will build a prototype out of clay for the next meeting .
decisions: the remote will feature a rubber or latex casing .
decisions: several shapes will be designed and shown to the public so that the most popular shape is chosen .
decisions: the remote will be yellow or partially yellow and have an organic shape .
decisions: the remote will feature speech recognition .
decisions: the remote will be powered by rechargeable batteries and come with a recharging stand .
problems: the group had difficulty deciding how to incorporate the company 's yellow color and the fruit and vegetable trend into the prototype design without the remote seeming overly gimmicky or childish .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototypes to the group .
abstract: two prototypes featured different fruit shapes , with one including speech recognition instead of a large number of buttons .
abstract: it also featured scroll wheels for channel control .
abstract: the other prototype was designed like a banana with children users in mind .
abstract: the project manager announced to the group that with all of their desired features , the project would go over the alotted budget ; after a reanalysis of the features of the prototype , the project came in under the budget instead .
abstract: it was decided that another feature could possibly be added .
abstract: the group evaluated their effectiveness as a team and felt that all members worked well together and could be creative , and that the project had very good leadership .
abstract: the marketing expert led an evaluation of the prototype according to the initial project goals ; the evaluation showed that most of the goals had been sufficiently satisfied in order to launch the product .
decisions: the remote will come in several designs: two will have different fruit or vegetable shapes , one of which will feature speech recognition in lieu of a large number of buttons .
decisions: there will also be a child-friendly banana-shaped remote .
decisions: both the company name and slogan will appear on the remote .
decisions: the remotes will be bundled with a yellow charging stand .
decisions: the devices were made with a latex product with a rubbery texture .
decisions: it was decided that the product had met enough of the initial project goals to be launched on the market .
problems: some felt that the banana shape would not appeal to enough of the market and that there was not enough variety in shape in the remotes to make up for this problem .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the agenda .
abstract: she explains the project , which is to create a new remote control for television that should be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: the three components of completing the project will be functional , conceptual , and detailed design .
abstract: they introduce themselves by going up to the white board and stating their name , role , drawing their favorite animal , and sharing their favorite characteristic about the animal .
abstract: after they talk about their overall budget , they discuss what special features they want to include in this remote control that existing ones do not have .
abstract: they discuss making a menu-based remote which would be less crowded with buttons and therefore stylish and sleek but functional .
abstract: they end the meeting with the project manager going over the task each member is to complete before the next meeting .
action: the marketing expert will work on user requirements specification .
action: the interface specialist will look at the working design .
action: the industrial designer will work on the technical functions design .
action: they will get specific instructions when they get back to their workspace .
decisions: they will sell the remotes for twenty five euros each .
decisions: they will aim for a profit of fifty million euros .
decisions: the remotes will target the international market .
problems: the group got the idea of making a menu-based remote that would require very few buttons to operate .
problems: although this is an original idea , one group member points out that may be too innovative and users could have difficulty learning how to operate it .
problems: they did not yet come to a decision about whether this idea should be implemented .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating that they will address functional design and then going over the agenda .
abstract: the industrial designer gives his presentation , explaining how remote controls function and giving personal preference to a clear , simple design that upgrades the technology as well as incorporates the latest features in chip design .
abstract: the interface specialist gives her presentation next , addressing the main purpose of a remote control .
abstract: she pinpoints the main functions of on / off , channel-switching , numbers for choosing particular channels , and volume ; and also suggests adding a menu button to change settings such as brightness on the screen .
abstract: she gives preference to a remote that is small , easy to use , and follows some conventions .
abstract: the group briefly discusses the possibility of using an lcd screen if cost allows it , since it is fancy and fashionable .
abstract: the marketing expert presents , giving statistical information from a survey of 100 subjects .
abstract: she prefers a remote that is sleek , stylish , sophisticated , cool , beautiful , functional , solar-powered , has long battery life , and has a locator .
abstract: they discuss the target group , deciding it should be 15-35 year olds .
abstract: after they talk about features they might include , the project manager closes the meeting by allocating tasks .
action: when they return to their desks they will complete a questionaire , do a summary , and send the project manager their powerpoint presentations .
action: the interface specialist will look at the user interface concept .
action: the marketing expert will be watching trends ( possibly relating to voice recognition ) .
action: the industrial designer will look into components
problems: the group is interested in voice recognition- this is an option they will have to explore further before deciding whether to use it .
abstract: the project manager opens this detailed design meeting by going over the agenda .
abstract: the designers present the prototype , which they decided to make the color and shape of a banana .
abstract: they demonstrate the remote components , showing how it flips open on the side and features a lcd and scroll inside .
abstract: the marketing expert gives the product evaluation , which is based on the criteria of attractiveness , whether it matches operation behavior of the user , locatability , intuitiveness , ergonomic design , and how technologically innovative it is .
abstract: they rate the product using a 7 point scale and come up with an average score of 6.5 .
abstract: the group goes on to calculate the production cost and finds they are over the budget .
abstract: they have discussion and decide to eliminate the sample speaker locator and the scroll wheel inside .
abstract: the team discusses the project process- saying that they had to cut out some creativity in order to meet the budget because they had not known the cost of features beforehand .
abstract: they were satisfied with the leadership but felt rushed for time .
abstract: they finish the meeting 5 minutes early and the project manager tells them what is left to complete .
action: the team needs to complete the final questionaire and meeting summary .
decisions: the remote will be black / yellow color and the shape of a banana .
decisions: lcd and push buttons inside flip-open door .
decisions: has an on / off button , channel flipping , volume scroller on side .
decisions: corporate logo will be in grey .
decisions: remote uses one simple battery and an advanced chip .
decisions: single-curved surface .
decisions: rubber case material .
decisions: locator will have a beep instead of a speaker .
problems: when rating the product on how well it matches the user 's behavior , they found that the product is more convenient for right-handed people and less so for those who are left-handed .
problems: when rating whether the product is intuitive , the layout is different , a good technology but less standard .
problems: it could be more difficult to get used to .
problems: the team had to cut out some features in order to make the budget .
problems: this happened because they had not known beforehand the cost of such features .
abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals and discussed why they liked those particular animals .
abstract: the project manager discussed the project finances and the team engaged in a brainstorming session about various features to consider in designing a remote .
abstract: the project manager then further discussed the roles of the team members .
decisions: the selling price of the remote will be 25 euro .
decisions: the profit aim will be 50 million euro .
decisions: the remote will be sold internationally .
decisions: the production cost can not exceed 12 . 50 euro .
decisions: the remote will have a lock function .
decisions: the remote will control televisions and devices connected to televisions .
decisions: the team will create a back-up plan for a remote that only controls televisions
problems: if the remote should be used only for televisions or if it should be capable of controlling other devices also .
problems: having a two sided remote with basic functions on one side and advanced functions on the other .
abstract: the project manager had the team members re-introduce themselves and then briefed the team on his own duties and on the meeting agenda .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed options for batteries and infra-red signals .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed what features the remote was required to have and presented two existing products which were based on different concepts .
abstract: the project manager then introduced some new requirements to bear in mind when designing the remote .
abstract: the marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences on remotes in general and on voice recognition and the team discussed the option to have an ergonomically designed remote .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the decisions made so far and the team discussed color options for the remote .
action: the project manager will consult with the legal department to discuss the prevention of lawsuits from consumers claiming the remote caused rsi
decisions: the remote will use regular batteries .
decisions: the corporate image will be displayed on the remote .
decisions: the remote will not contain a voice activation feature .
decisions: the remote will have an ergonomic design .
decisions: the remote will use a regular infra-red signal .
problems: how powerful the infra-red signal should be .
problems: whether the remote should have a locking function .
problems: whether to include a voice activation feature in the remote .
problems: if the remote should have an ergonomic design .
problems: what color the remote should be .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed different options for batteries , materials , and components , as well as restrictions involved in combining particular materials , components , and batteries .
abstract: the team then discussed and decided what materials , components , and what type of battery to use in their product .
abstract: the interface specialist presented examples of existing remotes on the market with good and bad layouts and stated what features the remote required .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed research from trendwatching reports , finding that products now require technological innovativeness , a fancy look and feel , a spongy feel , and a fruit and vegetable theme .
abstract: this lead to a discussion on whether to use bluetooth or infra-red technology in remote .
abstract: the team then discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design .
action: the interface specialist will work on the user interface design .
action: the industrial designer and the interface specialist will work on a prototype .
action: the marketing expert will work on the product evaluation
decisions: the remote will have rubber push buttons .
decisions: the case will be made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will not use a chip on print .
decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery .
decisions: the case will be double curved .
decisions: there will be no display physically featured on the remote itself .
problems: whether to have a sample sensor in the remote .
problems: what color the remote should be .
problems: whether to use bluetooth or infra-red technology in the remote .
problems: how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote .
abstract: the interface specialist and industrial designer presented their prototype to the team and discussed the features the prototype contained .
abstract: in presenting the prototype , the issue arose that the prototype could only be used with the right hand .
abstract: the team then looked at the production costs of the remote and found that their remote was actually under budget and that they could retain all the features they had originally decided upon without exceeding the target cost .
abstract: the team evaluated the prototype on the basis of its look and feel , technological innovation , ease of use , costs , and its ability to be misplaced .
abstract: overall , the prototype performed very well in meeting all the criteria of the evaluation .
abstract: the team then evaluated the project process , finding that they we re happy with their product and their performance in the project .
problems: the need for separate right-handed and left-handed remotes .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced herself to the team .
abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project in which the team is to create a remote control .
abstract: the team members participated in a tool training exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal on the white-board and discussed why they liked the animal .
abstract: the project manager then talked about the project finances and discussed selling prices , profit aim , market range , and production costs .
abstract: the project manager then led the team in a discussion on their experiences with remotes and what features they would like to include in the remote they are producing .
abstract: the team members discussed the option of combining remotes and how to produce a remote which is capable of controlling multiple devices .
action: the project manager will investigate whether the team is to create a remote that is to be sued solely with televisions .
action: the industrial designer will work on the working design .
action: the user interface designer will work on technical functions .
action: the project manager will type up the minutes of the current meeting and e-mail those to the team members .
action: the project manager will e-mail her slides to the team members
decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euro .
decisions: the profit aim is fifteen million euro .
decisions: the remote will be sold on an international scale .
decisions: the maximum production cost for the remote is 12 . 50 euro .
decisions: one remote will contain main functions such as on , off , channel changing , and volume .
decisions: an additional remote will contain special functions .
problems: whether to combine remotes for different devices into one single remote or to have multiple individual remotes .
problems: whether the team is designing a remote that is to be used solely with televisions or a remote that is to be used with a variety of devices .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of the appearance and use of remotes , finding that users wanted fancier looking remotes , disliked losing their remotes , wanted remotes with fewer buttons , frequently use the channel changing and volume buttons , and that younger users wanted speech recognition .
abstract: the user interface designer described how a remote works and how to go about designing one .
abstract: he presented two remotes currently on the market and the advantages and disadvantages to each design .
abstract: the industrial designer described the interior workings of a remote .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion about their target group , the option to include speech recognition , how to find a remote when lost , and batteries .
action: each team member will complete a questionnaire and a summary .
action: the team members will spend time on their individual work .
action: the project manager will post the minutes and project documentation .
action: the team members will post their project documentation .
action: the industrial designer will work on the components concept .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface concept .
action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the remote will be used only with televisions .
decisions: the corporate image must be recognizable on the remote .
decisions: the team 's design will focus on simplicity and fashion .
decisions: rather than define a specific target group by age , the team will define objectives such as fashion and simplicity instead .
decisions: the remote will contain a function to aid in its recovery when lost .
decisions: the remote will have large buttons for essential functions .
decisions: the remote will have a possibility to get extra functions .
decisions: the buttons for extra , infrequently used functions will be hidden in the design in some manner .
decisions: the remote will have a charging station .
problems: deciding on a target group .
problems: whether to include speech recognition in the design of the remote .
problems: how to make infra-red more functional .
problems: what sort of battery to use .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed possible materials to use in making the case for the remote , options for buttons , and options for batteries .
abstract: the interface specialist presented two existing products which incorporate features the team is seeking to embed in their remote .
abstract: the interface specialist also discussed other features to possibly incorporate into the design of the remote , such as an lcd screen .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed recent findings from trend watching reports and how to incorporate these findings into the remote design with respect to what materials to use and the overall appearance of the product .
abstract: the team then discussed other options for how they could incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the appearance of their product .
abstract: the team then discussed other options for batteries , chips , buttons , and materials for the case , as well as the option to have a menu function .
action: two members of the team will work on creating a prototype using modeling clay .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design and will gather more information on curved and double-curved case options .
action: the marketing specialist will work on product evaluation .
action: the interface specialist will continue to work on the interface concept
decisions: the target group comprises of individuals who can afford the product .
decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery .
decisions: the remote will have a latex case .
decisions: the remote will be made in fruity colors .
decisions: the remote will have pushbuttons .
decisions: the remote will have a power button , volume buttons , channel preset buttons , and a menu button .
decisions: the remote will have a simple chip .
problems: having an lcd on the remote versus a menu that is viewed on the television screen .
problems: whether to use latex or titanium for the case .
problems: how to incorporate a vegetable and fruit theme into the design of the remote .
problems: what sort of circuit board to use .
problems: whether to use a simple , regular , or advanced chip .
problems: whether to use a scroll wheel or pushbuttons .
problems: whether to have a flat , curved , or double-curved case .
abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented three prototypes which differed primarily in shape .
abstract: the team felt it was not necessary to include a feature to prevent the remote from getting lost as the prototype designs were quite bright .
abstract: the team conducted a product evaluation of the prototype the team liked the most .
abstract: they rated the prototype on the basis of its appearance , functionality , technological innovativeness , sponginess , usability , learn-ability , its ability to be found when misplaced , simplicity , and its ability to meet the appropriate demographic .
abstract: the team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost .
abstract: the project manager then led the team in a project evaluation in which the team evaluated how they created the project , the information they found and used , their creativity , their teamwork , and the materials they had at their disposal .
abstract: the team was generally quite satisfied .
abstract: after the project manager 's closing , the team discussed their personal preferences in terms of the prototypes .
abstract: they also further evaluated the project process and discussed what they had learned .
decisions: the remote will resemble the potato prototype .
decisions: there will be no feature to help find the remote when it is misplaced ; instead the remote will be in a bright color to address this issue .
decisions: the corporate logo will be on the remote .
decisions: one of the color concepts for the remote will contain the corporate colors .
decisions: the remote will have six buttons .
decisions: the buttons will all be one color .
decisions: the case will be single curve .
decisions: the case will be made of rubber .
decisions: the case will have a special color .
problems: whether or not to have a feature which helps find the remote when it is misplaced .
abstract: the project manager presented the project to the other participants by discussing the aim of creating a new , fashionable remote control device and defined the roles and tasks of each participant .
abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other and trained themselves how to use the whiteboard tools .
abstract: the project manager discussed the financial goals of the project , including the projected profit aim and price point for the device .
abstract: the project manager gave each participant their assignments .
abstract: the group then began a discussion of their initial ideas about the remote control and possible features .
abstract: the project manager announced that he would make a report containing the discussion of the group 's initial ideas about the device .
action: the industrial designer will prepare a definition of the basic functions that the remote control device will have .
action: the marketing expert will define the needs and desires of the user .
action: the user interface designer will receive further assignments at a later time .
action: the project manager will prepare a report of the initial ideas discussed during the meeting .
decisions: the group decided to consider the following features for the remote control device: universal compatibility with different types of video formatting , combination with other types of devices , and interchangeable faceplates .
abstract: the project manager went over new requirements for the project: that the device was solely to control television , and that there would not be a teletext component .
abstract: the industrial designer gave his presentation on the basic components of a remote control device , and advised the group to use plastic for the casing material instead of metal .
abstract: the user interface designer presented the technical functions of remote controls and compared the interfaces of two existing remote control products .
abstract: the marketing expert made a presentation of the needs and the desires of the consumer and emphasized simplicity as one of the most desired features .
abstract: the group discussed in more detail the features that will be added to the device: the possible applications of voice recognition , the touch screen menu interface , faceplates , and the look of the company logo .
action: the project manager will post the discussion notes and the meeting 's minutes to be available to all the participants .
decisions: the group decided to use plastic as their casing material instead of metal .
decisions: the marketing will be focused towards the youth market .
decisions: the group decided to keep the touch screen interface , and to keep the main interface simple .
decisions: the remote will have a locating device that operates either through voice recognition or through paging .
decisions: the company logo will appear in a brief flash in the boot-up screen of the device .
problems: the group had problems with sacrificing popular features in order to stay within the project budget .
abstract: the industrial designer presented an analysis of cost and the manufacturing options that were available to the group .
abstract: the marketing expert presented market trends and the organic trend that this project would adopt .
abstract: she discussed materials that could be used to follow this trend .
abstract: the user interface designer presented several interface concepts including voice recognition , a spinning wheel design , and a touch screen interface .
abstract: the group then discussed the features of the device .
abstract: they discussed the costs and benefits of using either voice recognition or the touch screen interface , and decided on voice recognition based on their marketing data that favored it .
abstract: they decided to use solar power to power the device .
abstract: the group discussed the non-traditional look the device could have since the voice recognition would allow it to be stationary .
abstract: they discussed using rubber for the case .
abstract: the group talked about hiding the complicated functions from the main interface , using rubber for the buttons , and having different cases to suit different tastes .
action: the industrial designer , the user interface designer , and the marketing expert were instructed to work together on making the prototype of the remote control .
action: the industrial designer will build the look of the device using the new manufacturing constraints that were presented .
action: the user interface designer was assigned the task of making the design layout of the device .
action: the marketing expert was instructed to check the evaluations of the prototype .
decisions: the group realized that it would be too costly to add both a voice recognition component and a touch screen , so they decided between the two and will now only add the voice recognition component .
decisions: the group decided to have optional alternative cases for the device to suit different consumer tastes .
decisions: it was also decided that the remote will not have the traditional look of a hand-held remote since it can be stationary with voice recognition software .
decisions: the remote control will be made of a soft rubber material .
decisions: the device will be powered by solar power , with a small backup battery .
problems: there were difficulties deciding between adding extra features and staying within the project budget .
problems: the participants had problems projecting how much each added feature would drive up the price point of the device because there was a lack of data on manufacturing cost .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting by reviewing the decisions from the previous meeting ( to use voice recognition instead of the touch screen , to hide the complicated features , and to start building the prototype ) .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer then presented the prototype that featured voice recognition , interchangeable cases , visible light , and a soft casing material .
abstract: the project manager presented what each component cost , which showed that the project was going over the alotted budget ; the group decided to remove the solar panel .
abstract: the marketing expert presented an evaluation of the prototype and showed that the prototype had met many of the initial goals .
abstract: the group then evaluated the project process and discussed their effectiveness as a group .
abstract: the project manager summarized the proceedings of the meeting which will go into a final report , along with comments made during the project evaluation .
action: the project manager will create a final report containing the summary of the meeting proceedings , including the evaluation of the project process .
decisions: the group decided to remove the solar panel in order to keep the price point of the device close to the original goal .
decisions: the designers of the prototype decided to use several different colors in the visible light stream in the device .
decisions: they also decided to use classic rubber buttons instead of more costly scroll buttons .
problems: the group encountered a problem with a lack of information about their specific tasks .
problems: they also felt it difficult to bring creativity to the project because of the budget constraints .
abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group and gave an agenda for the project as a whole .
abstract: she then introduced a tool training exercise to acquaint the group with the meeting-room tools and to help them get to know each other .
abstract: the project manager then presented the project budget to the group and presented the projected profit aim , the production cost , and the price point of the device .
abstract: the group then began a discussion about features of remote controls and their own experiences with them .
abstract: they discussed making the remote universally compatible and ergonomically-designed , and types of batteries to use .
action: the industrial designer will work on the internal working design .
action: the user interface designer will work on the technical function design .
action: the marketing expert will research user requirements .
abstract: the user interface designer presented the basic functions of the device and discussed the designs of two existing products , showing an example of the simple design that the group wants to implement .
abstract: the marketing expert presented feedback from users , showing that users want a simple but fancy-looking remote control and that young users want speech recognition .
abstract: she discussed including only the most basic functions in the interface .
abstract: the industrial designer presented her internal design of the device and discussed the processor chip and the energy sources that will be integrated .
abstract: she suggested integrating an extra lightbulb that lit up when the remote was communicating with the television .
abstract: the project manager gave the group new requirements for the product design .
abstract: the group discussed marketing the product to a wide range of customers .
abstract: they had a discussion about possibly including a locator function and speech recognition .
abstract: they discussed integrating the company 's yellow color and logo into the design , and decreasing the number of buttons in the main interface .
abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to prepare the components concept , the user interface designer to prepare the interface concept , and the marketing expert to prepare a trendwatching report .
action: the industrial designer will prepare the components concept for the device .
action: the user interface designer will prepare the interface concept for the device .
action: the marketing expert will prepare a trendwatching report .
decisions: the remote will feature a smart processor chip to accomodate all of the remote 's functions .
decisions: the remote will feature an extra lightbulb that will light up when the remote is communicating with the television .
decisions: the interface will contain larger buttons .
decisions: the device will be marketed to all age groups , and made simple for those with less technical skills .
decisions: there will be no buttons for controlling a vcr or other device ; the interface will feature only channel and volume up / down buttons , a number pad , and a menu button to access the menu functions on a television .
decisions: the remote will include the company color and logo in its design .
decisions: the group will consider including speech recognition and a locator function in the functional design .
abstract: the marketing expert presented more information on user requirements which showed that users wanted the look of a high-tech device that was still simple to use .
abstract: she presented the fruit and vegetable fashion trend that the group will integrate into their design .
abstract: the user interface designer presented several ideas for the interface design taken from existing product designs .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the necessary internal components and presented options for energy sources and materials .
abstract: the user interface designer also presented the sample speaker technology recently developed by the company .
abstract: the group had a discussion to finalize the prototype features .
abstract: it was decided that the device will be small with a locator function instead of having a charging stand .
abstract: voice recognition will not be included outside of the locator function .
abstract: it will be covered by interchangeable latex casings .
abstract: to incorporate the company logo and color , the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through the latex casings .
abstract: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to build the prototype , with the user interface designer deciding which buttons will be included .
abstract: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation .
action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to build the prototype ; the user interface designer will decide which buttons will be included and the industrial designer will focus on the look and the materials .
action: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation .
decisions: there will be only one design of the remote rather than producing it in several different materials .
decisions: the remote will be covered by a soft latex casing that can be changed .
decisions: the device be small and compact and will feature a locator function that uses voice recognition .
decisions: voice recognition will not be incorporated for other functions .
decisions: to incorporate the company logo and color , the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through a cutout in the latex casing .
problems: several of the features that the group had wanted to include were no longer possible due to time and cost restraints , or constraints from the materials themselves .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype and displayed its gunmetal color , removable casing , buttons , logo , and ergonomic design .
abstract: the marketing expert gave an evaluation of the prototype using the group 's initial criteria for the remote .
abstract: the group decided that enough of their initial ideas and criteria for the remote were satisfied to be able to continue with the project .
abstract: the project manager analyzed the final production cost ; the cost was lower than initially projected , at 11 . 2 euros .
abstract: the group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple a alkaline batteries .
abstract: the project manager then led a discussion on the project process .
abstract: the group felt that they worked well together and were pleased with the prototype .
abstract: they complained , though , that they felt constrained by the management 's directives , that they had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment , and that they did not have internet access during the project .
abstract: all participants were instructed to fill out a final questionnaire .
action: all participants will fill out a final questionnaire .
decisions: the group decided that the prototype and the final production cost satisfied enough of their initial criteria to able to continue with the project .
decisions: the group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple a alkaline batteries in order to reduce the number of components .
problems: the group felt that their options were constrained by the management 's directives .
problems: the group had problems with some of the meeting-room equipment .
problems: the group complained of not having access to the internet while working on the project .
abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other .
abstract: the project manager discussed the goals for the project and gave an agenda for the project as a whole .
abstract: the group practiced using the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard .
abstract: the project manager presented the projected profit and price point .
abstract: the group discussed their experiences with remote controls .
abstract: they complained that remotes got lost too easily , and suggested using a locator function .
abstract: they also complained that remotes had too many buttons , and suggested incorporating a screen to simplify the interface but retain all of the functions .
abstract: they also suggested making the remote water-resistant and including a clip .
abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to research the working design and components , the user interface designer to research the technical functions , and the marketing expert to research user requirements .
action: the industrial designer will research the working design and components .
action: the user interface designer will research the technical functions .
action: the marketing expert will research user requirements .
abstract: the marketing expert gave a presentation about user requirements as shown through a usability study and demonstrated that only a small number of functions on a remote were used with frequency .
abstract: she suggested focusing the interface design on the most frequently used functions .
abstract: the user interface designer presented some questions that should be considered in making the device user-friendly and displayed two existing remote controls for comparison .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the necessary internal components and how they operated together , and presented her preferences for the type of each component to be used .
abstract: the project manager gave the group several new requirements for the project .
abstract: the group discussed several product features and decided that the remote will feature a locator function and will not feature speech recognition .
abstract: the group discussed whether or not the remote should control multiple devices .
abstract: they discussed important button functions to include and increasing usability by incorporating a scroll wheel in the design .
abstract: the project manager instructed the other participants to fill out a questionnaire and to work on their individual presentations for the next meeting .
action: all participants will fill out a questionnaire after the meeting .
action: the designers and the marketing expert will work on their individual presentations .
decisions: a locator device separate from the remote will be incorporated into the design , which will operate with radio signal .
decisions: speech recognition will not be used .
decisions: the group decided that their target marketing group would be mostly teenagers and young professionals .
decisions: there will not be a stand in which the remote is placed when not in use .
decisions: the group decided that the locator function eliminated the need for this component .
decisions: the locator function will not involve an led indicator ; the remote will simply emit a sound when located .
decisions: the main interface will include a power button .
decisions: the main interface will include a scroll wheel function in place of a number pad .
problems: some of the group members had difficulties with their computers in opening their presentations .
problems: the new requirements from the management regarding use with multiple devices were unclear .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer gave her presentation on components and discussed which would have to be custom-made and which were standard .
abstract: she also discussed the various materials and chips available .
abstract: the marketing expert presented current trends in the market and in fashion .
abstract: she discussed the current fruits and vegetables trend and the trend toward softer , spongier materials .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the look of the remote with the group .
abstract: they discussed including a touch-based graphical user interface but noted that it was unnecessary and costly .
abstract: they discussed using the menu function on the television instead .
abstract: the group discussed how the menu function would be programmed .
abstract: the group then talked about the casing of the device , and decided that there would be a changeable outer casing .
abstract: they discussed including fruit colors in addition to the company colors .
abstract: some part of the casing will be made of a spongy material .
abstract: the group also discussed energy source options and chips .
action: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to construct the prototype .
action: the user interface designer will work on the interface and the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the device .
action: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation .
decisions: the remote will feature a spongy material .
decisions: the fruits and vegetables trend will be incorporated into the design by including fruit colors along with the company colors .
decisions: the remote will feature a changeable outer casing .
problems: the group wanted to include a changeable outer casing but could not decide whether the spongy or the hard plastic component should be the removable casing .
problems: there was a lack of information on the cost of several components .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype and displayed the changeable fruit- and vegetable-shaped covers .
abstract: they discussed the locator function that will be designed at a later time .
abstract: the project manager discussed the final production cost for the device , which totaled 11 . 9 euros .
abstract: the marketing expert led an evaluation of the prototype .
abstract: each participant rated the prototype according to the original criteria for the project .
abstract: the group discussed the areas in which the prototype did not meet these goals .
abstract: the group felt that the changeable fruit and vegetable shapes were uncomfortable to hold .
abstract: the group decided to make changeable covers in fruit colors and designs and to use one uniform shape .
abstract: the group discussed their experience on the project .
abstract: they felt they worked well together and were creative .
abstract: they complained that the meeting-room materials were difficult to use , and some complained that there was not enough information provided to them .
abstract: the project manager instructed all participants to write a final report at the end of the meeting .
action: all participants will write a final report .
decisions: the group decided that the fruit and vegetable shapes of the device were uncomfortable to hold .
decisions: they decided to produce the device in one uniform shape , with changeable covers in fruit colors and designs .
decisions: the group decided that the final production cost and all of the other initial goals were met sufficiently to be able to continue with the project .
problems: the group felt that the fruit and vegetable shapes of the remote were uncomfortable to hold .
problems: they complained that the meeting-room equipment was difficult to use .
problems: some participants complained that there was not enough information provided to them .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by welcoming everybody and saying they will be developing a new television remote control .
abstract: then each group member states his / her name and role in the group .
abstract: the project manager states that the remote needs to be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: the further work will be on the functional , conceptual , and detailed design .
abstract: since they all know what a whiteboard is , they do a virtual drawing by each stating their favorite animal .
abstract: the project manager tells them the project budget .
abstract: they proceed to discuss problems with current remotes as well as preferable styles and looks , such as using face-plates so the look is changable .
abstract: the project manager closes the meeting .
decisions: the product will be sold for twenty five euro .
decisions: the company should profit fifty million euros overall .
decisions: the production cost should be twelve euros fifty .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going through notes from the last meeting , recapping the topics covered .
abstract: he tells them some new project requirements given by management .
abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about user functionality requirements taken from research of 100 people .
abstract: they discuss the possibility of making a remote that hides less frequently used buttons , one that uses voices recognition to eliminate buttons altogether , or one that combines the two functions .
abstract: the interface specialist presents , showing examples of two different products- one that is user-centered and another that is engineering-centered and giving personal preference to the simpler one because it is easier to use and has fewer buttons .
abstract: next the industrial designer presents , explaining how a remote control works and giving personal preference to a remote which has a large energy source such as a rechargable battery or battery dock .
abstract: the group discusses using a battery that will last 5-10 years or a solar combined with a battery .
abstract: they briefly review their discussions and close the meeting .
decisions: teletext no longer important given rise of internet and thus will not be used .
decisions: the remote will be for television only .
decisions: device will incorporate company logo and colors .
decisions: the remote will be extremely simple .
decisions: the remote will be a radiaclly different shape .
decisions: the remote will have few buttons , but the main ones such as channel , volume , on / off .
problems: whether to use voice recognition .
problems: what type of battery to use - long-lasting ordinary battery or solar + regular battery .
problems: whether to use changable covers .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by recapping the discussions of the previous meeting , telling the group this meeting 's agenda , and stating what each person will do for the next meeting .
abstract: then the industrial designer talks about the components design and explains exactly what remotes do and how they operate .
abstract: he also talks about batteries and chips .
abstract: the interface specialist present research from the internet about user interface .
abstract: he talks about minimizing the clutter on the remote , and suggests using a slide button like on a mouse .
abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about trend-watching and how fruits and vegetables are currently an important theme .
abstract: they talk about making changable colors available and possibly including batteries with them .
abstract: they discuss what the remote should look like in terms of shape color , and then talk about components , materials , and energy sources .
abstract: then they close the meeting .
action: the marketing expert will be doing the product evaulation .
action: the interface designer will be looking at the look , feel , and design .
action: the industrial specialist will be looking at how the user uses the product .
action: the interface designer and industrial specialist will be producing a model of the product
decisions: the remote will have a long-term battery source .
decisions: the remote will contain a custom chip .
decisions: will be curved , shape similar to a computer mouse , but narrower .
decisions: will have voice with fewer buttons .
decisions: will have menu , channel , power , volume buttons .
decisions: no display screen .
decisions: if used , face plates will be cheap .
problems: to add voice option , likely need to design own chip .
problems: however , a custom design chip is more expensive and would take longer than using an existing chip .
problems: whether to use changable face plates .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda .
abstract: then the industrial designer and interface specialist present the prototype , showing where they placed each button , function , and the company logo .
abstract: then they talk about the material they chose , which is light gray colored and light weight plastic so that people will want to buy covers .
abstract: next they take a brief look at the finance by examining the materials used , chip required , shape , and color .
abstract: they are exactly on target at twelve point five .
abstract: next the marketing expert administers the product evaluation , and the group talks about whether the device is flashy and fashionable , technologically innovative , easy to use , suitable for the consumer , complicated , how long it would take to learn to use it , and its appeal to all age groups .
abstract: they come up with an average of 1 for the evaluation .
abstract: they briefly discuss the project process and agree that they worked well together , had excellent teamwork , and created an effective product that meets the budget cost .
abstract: they close the meeting by thanking one another .
decisions: the remote will be made of light weight plastic , and a light gray color .
decisions: the changeable colors will be made of ipod cover materials , a rubbery , spongy , stretchy material .
decisions: the remote will have volume slider , channel buttons , power key , menu key , infared section , microphone for voice commands .
decisions: double curved shape .
problems: the group is exactly on budget , not including the interchangable covers which they have not calcuated in .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting by stating the agenda and then introduced the upcoming project to the team members .
abstract: the team members then participated in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the particular animal .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the production and selling costs of the remote they are to create .
abstract: the project manager also briefed the team on the profit aim and discussed how many remotes must be sold in order to reach the profit aim of 50 million euro .
abstract: the team then discussed their experiences using remote controls and what features in terms of functionality and appearance to consider in making the remote .
decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euro .
decisions: production costs can not exceed 12 . 50 euro .
problems: whether the mark-up reflected in the selling price is normal .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of remote controls and the increasing interest among younger consumers in speech recognition .
abstract: the marketing expert also discussed a user target group for the remote and addressed the issue of whether the target group would result in sufficient sales of the remote .
abstract: the user interface designer presented two existing remote controls on the market , which the team later evaluated , and discussed what features in terms of appearance and functionality the remote the team is creating should include .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and addressed the issue of what happens when remotes no longer operate .
abstract: the team also discussed options for energy sources , such as solar power and rechargeable internal batteries .
abstract: th team then discussed their user target group , marketing ideas such as selling the remote to television manufacturers , and what functions the remote would feature .
action: the industrial designer will work on the components .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface .
action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the remote will only be for televisions .
decisions: the team must incorporate the corporate image , color , and slogan in the design of the remote .
decisions: the user target group will be younger consumers .
decisions: the remote will have functions for power , channels , and volume .
decisions: the remote will have an enter button and number buttons .
decisions: the remote will have large buttons .
problems: whether the intended target group will result in the sale of at least 4 million remotes .
problems: how much the components inside a remote cost .
problems: whether to use solar power .
problems: the cost of a rechargeable base .
problems: whether younger consumers are actually buying remote controls .
problems: combining the power button and enter button into one button .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert presented findings from trend watching reports and discussed her personal preferences in how to incorporate the results of the trend watching reports into the appearance of the remote .
abstract: the trend watching reports indicated that products need to reflect a fruit and vegetable theme , sponginess , fanciness , and technological innovation .
abstract: the team then discussed their target group and whether to use titanium or a spongy material in their design .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed options for energy sources , materials , case shapes , and interface components such as buttons and lcd screens .
abstract: the user interface designer examined the interfaces of existing products and discussed using menus within an interface using push buttons which operate like a scroll wheel .
abstract: the team then discussed and made decisions on what energy sources , chips , case materials , and buttons to use .
action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface design .
action: two of the team members will create a prototype using modeling clay
decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery .
decisions: the case of the remote will be made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will contain a hard plastic inner shell to protect the interior .
decisions: the remote will use push buttons .
problems: whether to use titanium or a spongy material .
problems: whether creating a fancy remote would adhere to the project budget .
problems: whether to use a kinetic battery .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting .
abstract: the user interface designer and industrial designer then presented two prototypes of the remote the team is working on and discussed the options for components and materials to include in their design .
abstract: the first prototype featured a simple design with only a small number of buttons .
abstract: the second prototype was shaped like a banana and used scroll push button technology .
abstract: the marketing expert then led the team in conducting a product evaluation of the prototypes in which the prototypes were evaluated on the basis of their fanciness , technological innovation , ease of use , trendiness , and marketability .
abstract: overall , the prototypes performed quite well in the evaluation .
abstract: the project manager then examined the production costs of the remote .
abstract: the cost to produce the remote was 9.20 pounds and did not exceed the project budget .
abstract: the team then conducted an evaluation of the project process , in which they indicated that they were quite happy with the tools available to them , the ideas they came up with , and their teamwork .
action: the team will work on a final questionnaire .
action: the team will work on a meeting summary .
action: the project manager will work on a final report
decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery .
decisions: the remote will use an electronic simple chip on print .
decisions: the remote will use push buttons .
decisions: the remote case will be single-curved .
decisions: the remote will be in a special color .
decisions: the remote will be made of plastic .
decisions: the buttons on the remote will be black .
decisions: the buttons on the remote will be made of plastic .
problems: whether to select a banana shaped remote or a chunky remote .
problems: whether to create a single-curved or double-curved remote .
problems: whether to have rubber or plastic buttons .
abstract: the group introduced themselves and their roles to each other .
abstract: the project manager introduced the project aim and agenda to the group .
abstract: the group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard .
abstract: the project manager discussed the projected production cost and price point for the device .
abstract: the group began a discussion about their own experiences with using remote controls and about usability features to be included in the design .
abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to prepare the working design , the user interface designer to research technical functions , and the marketing expert to prepare the user requirement specification .
abstract: the group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being .
action: the industrial deigner will prepare the working design .
action: the user interface designer will research technical functions .
action: the marketing expert will prepare the user requirement specification .
decisions: the group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being instead of allowing it to control multiple devices .
abstract: the project manager gave the group new requirements on product features .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a presentation on the working design of the device .
abstract: he presented all the necessary internal components and how they operate together .
abstract: he gave his preferences on energy sources and senders .
abstract: the user interface designer presented the necessary functions of the remote , then compared the interfaces of two existing remotes .
abstract: the group discussed making their remote more user-friendly ; they proposed eliminating rarely-used buttons and making it easier to skip through channels .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed user requirements with the group and showed that users wanted a fancier , less complicated remote that would not be easily lost .
abstract: he suggested incorporating a menu and an lcd screen to satisfy these requirements .
abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate a locator function .
abstract: the project manager reminded the group to limit the number of complicated features due to the project 's time constraints .
abstract: the group had a discussion to decide on product features .
abstract: they decided to include a clapping locator function and a device that allows the user to enter two numbers separately to get a two-digit number .
abstract: complicated functions will be hidden in a back panel .
action: all participants will continue working on the remote functions .
decisions: the remote will feature a locator function that responds to clapping .
decisions: there will be a device that allows the user to enter two numbers separately to get a two-digit number in order to reduce the overall number of buttons .
decisions: the remote will feature a panel that hides complicated functions on the back of the device .
decisions: buttons to adjust picture quality , channel tuning , and other settings will be hidden in this panel ; the number pad , the channel- and volume-changing and power buttons will remain on the main interface .
problems: the group had difficulties finding a balance between adding more features and finishing the project quickly .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed options for each of the internal components .
abstract: he showed that the size of the chip was dependent on the type and number of additional features used .
abstract: the group discussed incorporating speech recognition and other functions to be able to decide on chip size .
abstract: they decided that using speech recognition for the locator function only would allow them to use a simple chip .
abstract: the user interface designer presented several existing products .
abstract: she presented a specialized children 's remote ; the group decided to focus on a basic remote that would appeal to a wide market .
abstract: she expressed that buttons are often ambiguously shaped and that their remote must have an easy-to-use interface .
abstract: the marketing expert presented trends in the remote control market and the fruit and vegetable and spongy material trends in fashion .
abstract: the group discussed ways to incorporate these trends .
abstract: they decided to make the standby button shaped like an apple , to use a rubber case and buttons , and to use a single-curved shape .
action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will construct the prototype .
decisions: the remote will feature push buttons instead of scroll buttons , and a kinetic power supply .
decisions: the remote will contain a simple chip .
decisions: the group decided to focus on a basic remote that will appeal to the widest market .
decisions: they also decided to market the speech recognition component as a `` finder function '' so as not to confuse it with more advanced speech recognition components in other remote controls .
decisions: the group decided to make the standby button in the shape of an apple .
decisions: the remote will also feature a rubber case and rubber buttons , and a single-curved design .
decisions: the remote will feature the company logo , possibly in a sticker form .
abstract: the first prototype for the remote control was made of single-curved rubber with a total of 16 rubber buttons ( some of them in a slide-out panel ) with a cherry design on top .
abstract: it uses kinetic energy and has a sample sensor for the speech recognition .
abstract: the initial cost was calculated at 13 . 70 euros .
abstract: although over budget , the team decided to evaluate this prototype before making any changes .
abstract: on a scale from 1 ( true ) to 7 ( false ) they rated it on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design ( 2 ) , technological innovation ( 2 ) , ease of use ( 1 ) , incorporation of fashion elements ( 2 ) , and brand recognition ( 2 ) .
abstract: changing the rubber case to plastic reduced the cost and allowed for an extra button-form and colour .
abstract: the team were reasonably satisfied with the project in terms of teamwork and creativity , although they thought that the flow of information was sometimes disjointed .
abstract: however , the idea of designing a remote control seemed unexciting , especially since the requirements restricted it to tv only , and the budget was too small .
abstract: finally , some new ideas were also found in the form of kinetic energy source and use of speech recognition .
action: the team have two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting to complete before they finish .
decisions: the remote will be single-curved with a cherry design on top .
decisions: the case will be made of plastic .
decisions: the buttons will be made of rubber mostly in a light blue colour .
decisions: however , volume and channel buttons will be different from the rest .
decisions: volume buttons will be lemon-shaped and coloured .
decisions: a simple chip is going to support the electronics of the device .
decisions: a sample sensor was included to add speech recognition .
decisions: the remote is going to be powered by kinetic energy .
problems: after changing the case material from rubber to plastic , it was debated that the loss of sponginess does affect the fancy appeal and trendiness of the remote .
problems: on the other hand , it was argued that the special colours and form compensated for that .
problems: the team were not certain to what extent the prototype satisfied recognisability of the corporate identity .
problems: they were not certain what the colour of the company logo should be and how the logo should be displayed .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group .
abstract: she then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly .
abstract: the meetings will focus on functional , conceptual , and detailed design .
abstract: next , each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal .
abstract: after that the project manager covers the project budget , and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look .
abstract: then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting .
action: the industrial designer will be doing the working design .
action: the interface designer will do the technical functions design .
action: the marketing expert will do the user requirements .
action: they were recieve specific instructions on what to do .
decisions: it will be a television remote control .
decisions: the selling price will be twenty five euros .
decisions: the profit will be fifty million euros .
decisions: the remote will target the international market .
decisions: the control will cost a maximum of twelve euro and fifty cents to produce .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda .
abstract: the designers give the prototype presentation , showing their simple design that is based on a mango .
abstract: they point out the company logo and led , and demonstrate how the device is palm-held and thumb-acessible .
abstract: they also discuss the numerical , volume , channel , and power buttons as well as the color scheme .
abstract: the marketing expert administers the product evaluation , and they rate each of the ten criteria on a scale of 1-7 .
abstract: the criteria includes fancy look-and-feel , technological innovation , ease of use , look , whether people would be willing to spend 25 euros for it , whether its operating behavior matches the average user , ease of finding when lost , ease of learning to use , whether it will minimize rsi , incorporation of company colors and logo , and whether it follows the motto .
abstract: they average the scores and get 1.9 .
abstract: they check the product costing and find that their operating cost is 12 . 20 euros .
abstract: in evaluating the project process they are pleased with their creativity , leadership , timing , teamwork , discussions , and overall product given the resources they had .
abstract: they close the meeting by thanking one another .
decisions: numbers have a circular design .
decisions: casing will be interchangable and color schemes will be named and colored after fruits and vegetables .
decisions: will be two colors , one for case and one for buttons .
decisions: will use a regular chip .
decisions: the remote will be double-curved .
decisions: will be made of plastic and rubber ( rubber on remote for comfort ) .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves and describe their roles in the upcoming project .
abstract: the project manager then described the upcoming project .
abstract: the team then discussed their experiences with remote controls .
abstract: they also discussed the project budget and which features they would like to see in the remote control they are to create .
abstract: the team discussed universal usage , how to find remotes when misplaced , shapes and colors , ball shaped remotes , marketing strategies , keyboards on remotes , and remote sizes .
action: the marketing expert will find out what the most universally appealing remote control on the market is .
action: the marketing expert will research user preferences
decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro .
decisions: the team will not create a ball shaped remote .
problems: the stability of a ball shaped remote .
problems: having hinges on a ball shaped remote .
problems: what shape the remote should be .
abstract: the project manager recapped the events and decisions of the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert presented research on user preferences and tendencies with remote controls .
abstract: the research indicated that users want remotes to be more attractive , to match the behavior of the user , to be easier to locate when misplaced , and not to cause rsi .
abstract: the research also indicated that younger users were interested speech recognition .
abstract: the user interface designer spoke on the option to have a universal remote , presented two differently designed remotes available on the market , and described some features a user-centered remote should include .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and then the team discussed the option to include speech recognition in their design .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to abide by .
abstract: the team then discussed the option to include a recharger with a locater button in their design , the appearance of their remote , buttons , how to make an ergonomic remote , and the option to have a two-piece remote .
action: the industrial designer will work on components .
action: the team will explore the option of a two-piece remote .
action: the user interface designer will explore how well a rounded , ergonomic remote and a two-piece remote work with the user .
action: the marketing expert will examine trend watching reports
decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions .
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the corporate color and slogan must be incorporated into the design .
decisions: the remote will be simple .
decisions: the remote will look appealing .
decisions: the remote will be easy to find .
decisions: the remote will have a minimal number of buttons .
decisions: the remote will be yellow with black or gray buttons .
decisions: the corporate slogan will appear on the bottom of the remote .
decisions: the remote will have buttons for numbers , volume up and down , channel up and down , power , mute , and a menu .
decisions: the remote will include a scroll action .
decisions: the remote will be rounded in shape such that it fits comfortably in the hand .
problems: the reliability of speech recognition .
problems: whether to include speech recognition .
problems: how to accommodate left-handed people with an ergonomic design that fits right-handed people .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes of the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed the results of trend watching reports which indicated a need for products which have a fancy look and feel , are technologically innovative , easy to use , include a fruit and vegetable theme , and are spongy in feel .
abstract: the marketing expert stressed the need to incorporate these findings into the team 's design and suggested that the team should create a remote that has limited buttons , can be personalized , and is not rectangular .
abstract: the user interface designer briefly described how speech recognition technology works and what ways a user can use a remote .
abstract: the user interface designer presented three existing products on the market - a voice recognition remote , an ipod , and a children 's remote - and discussed a few features to include in the team 's design .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the restrictions involved in combining various components , energy sources , and materials .
abstract: the industrial designer also discussed with the how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into their design .
abstract: the team then discussed and decided what components , materials , and energy sources to use .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface design .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel design .
action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation .
action: the user interface designer and industrial designer will work on a prototype
decisions: the remote will use conventional batteries .
decisions: the case will be made of plastic with rubber grips .
decisions: the remote will feature a scroll function similar to the scroll function found on ipods . the remote will use a more expensive , advanced chip-on-print .
problems: how to have a curved remote made with rubber .
problems: how to include a fruit and vegetable theme .
problems: what sort of chip to use .
problems: whether to use plastic or rubber .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and read the minutes of the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer and user interface designer presented the prototype they created , which was designed to look like a banana .
abstract: the marketing expert conducted an evaluation of the prototype .
abstract: the team found that , although the overall design of the prototype was attractive , its yellow color was ugly .
abstract: the team rated the prototype highly on its ease of use and felt that its yellow color and shape detracted slightly from its ability to be misplaced and that a feature which causes the remote to make noise based on its proximity to a television needed to be added .
abstract: the team thought the prototype was fashionable and not technologically innovative or spongy .
abstract: the project manager led the team in calculating the production costs of the remote and ensuring that they aligned with the project budget .
abstract: the costs were over budget , so the team opted to exclude the lcd from their design to meet their budget .
abstract: the team conducted an evaluation of the project process and found that they performed well and were somewhat satisfied by the resources available to them .
decisions: the remote will make some sort of noise based on its proximity to a television .
decisions: the remote will use two batteries .
decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip-on-print .
decisions: the remote will be double curved .
decisions: the remote case will be made of plastic .
decisions: the remote will come in a special color .
decisions: the remote will not use an lcd .
problems: what feature to include to prevent the remote from getting lost .
problems: what sort of button supplements the remote requires .
problems: how to meet the project budget .
abstract: the meeting begins with the group trying to resolve some equipment issues and waiting for anna 's arrival .
abstract: then the project manager introduces the meeting by saying they have some technical tools with which to communicate so they will try to get acquainted with them first .
abstract: he starts talking about the product they are to design , a remote control which should be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: the general outline of the project will be the functional , conceptual , and detailed design .
abstract: they do some tool training by trying out the whiteboard , and each person draws his / her favorite animal on it .
abstract: the project manager proceeds to talk about the project finance , which is followed by a group discussion about what functions a good remote control has .
abstract: this includes the basics such as on / off , channel up / down browsing , volume and record button ( s ) .
abstract: at this point they clarify their names and roles in the group and then resume talking about remote control functions .
abstract: they discuss some functions such as a personal video recorder , but say it is probable that they can not produce a fancy device given their budget .
abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what he / she will be working on .
action: the interface designer will work on a general design .
action: the industrial designer will work on the technica function design .
action: the marketing expert will think about user requirements .
decisions: the selling price of the product will be about twenty five euros each .
decisions: the production cost will be twelve euros and fifty cents .
decisions: the profit will be about fifty million euro . -the remote will target an international market .
decisions: the remote will be for use with the television set .
decisions: the necessary buttons are on / off , channel up / down browsing , volume , and record button ( s ) .
problems: they have not decided what functions the remote can have , but they have discussed that they may not be able to produce something extremely fancy with the given budget .
problems: they will need to examine user requirements before deciding on what functionalities are necessary .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting and presents the agenda using slides .
abstract: the marketing expert explains the research she read about , which is a study done on 100 people asking their remote usage habits and preferences .
abstract: the industrial designer presents , explaining the basic function of a remote control and how it works .
abstract: he says they should first agree on the technical functions before he creates working design and chooses the chips and infrared components to build it .
abstract: the interface designer gives his presentation , talking about the remote 's technical function of sending a message to the tv set that is decoded by the tv .
abstract: standard tv remotes have an on / off button , play , volume change , number keypad , and a 1 or 2 digit option .
abstract: he suggests that in aiming for the next generation they should have a remote for the tv and video integrated together .
abstract: the project manager recieves a message from account manager , which he shares with the group .
abstract: they discuss and determine the target group as well as the possibility of making a universal remote for stereo , vcr , and tv .
abstract: they close the meeting with the project manager telling each group member what they will do before the next meeting .
action: the industrial designer will try to find out which components are needed .
action: the interface designer will get more specific user interface content .
action: the marketing expert will look at what trends are in this type of market
decisions: they will target the 20-40 age group .
decisions: teletext is a well known feature of televisions but is no longer in frequent use because of the internet , will not be used .
decisions: the remote should be trendy as possible but still have a reliable image so that it does not appear poorly-functional .
problems: the group is interested in creating a universal remote , however they are unable to deterine what components are needed without looking at the standards and current trends in the market .
problems: one group member brought up that it is not possible to make a universal high-performance remote with the given budget .
problems: more research is necessary to determine this .
abstract: then the project manager opens the meeting announcing that they will address conceptual design and then giving the agenda .
abstract: matthew arrives late and the marketing expert begins her presentation about trends .
abstract: she emphasizes that the remote needs to be exciting , contain a cool feature , and be somewhat intuitive .
abstract: she reports that currently fruits and vegetables are fashionable- thus bright eye-catching colors , bold designs , and a spongy feel is appropriate .
abstract: she lists ideas such as changable covers , a locator , speech recognition , and lcd screens .
abstract: the industrial specialist presents , talking about how a remote typically has different keys , structures and forms .
abstract: he likes the idea of implenting speech recognition into a universal remote .
abstract: they discuss without certainity about the cost of such functions .
abstract: the industrial designer presents about remote control components and the manufacturing process , listing options such as various buttons , scroll wheels , integrated push buttons like those in a computer mouse , and lcds . they discuss the project budget and the possibility of using an expensive chip .
abstract: they decide to make two designs , one more advanced than the other .
abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what his / her tasks will be until the next meeting .
action: the marketing expert will look for the cost inventories of other devices , such as speech recognition .
action: she will also start evaluating the team 's work if possible .
action: the industial and interface designer will work together on the two prototypes ( one cost-effective and one higher-end ) .
action: they will recieve further instructions by email .
decisions: they decide that the keys on the remote should be smooth , big , and there should not be too many .
problems: they are not certain if the project budget will allow them to use the more expensive chip , so they decided to make two prototypes so that they can compare them and possibly find a compromise .
abstract: as the meeting opens the project manager tells the group that they must stay within the budget of twelve euro and fifty cents or will have to redesign .
abstract: after matthew arrives the designers begin presenting the two prototypes , beginning with the basic conventional one which is shaped like a surfboard and costs 7 or 8 euros to produce .
abstract: it contains an on-off button , volume switch , up / down channel function , 10 digits , and two extra buttons for teletext and an additional function .
abstract: the next control is futuristic because feels like a mobile phone , has 6 keys , and is smooth .
abstract: it also has a power button , channel up / down , slow pause / slow stop , lcd screen , toggle switch that changes it from audio to video , and microphone .
abstract: it would cost 16 euros to produce , which is out of the budget .
abstract: the marketing expert gives the product evaluation and they rate them on look and feel , innovation , ease of use , appeal to the correct demographic , and adherence to the company motto and fashion trends .
abstract: they discuss the energy source , shape , chip type , lcd and speech recognition , and additional buttons .
abstract: after choosing features their remote costs 12 euros to produce .
abstract: they close the meeting by thanking one another .
decisions: the remote will be double-curved .
decisions: the energy source will be a normal aa battery .
decisions: made of plastic .
decisions: will contain a regular chip .
decisions: have no lcd screen or speech recognition .
decisions: addition of two buttons .
decisions: production cost 12 euros , 50 cents cheaper than budget .
decisions: will talk to the suppliers to see if they can lower prices and add a few more features .
problems: the group created two design prototypes to choose from .
problems: when they rated both products , they found that the basic version was not innovative enough but the advanced version was too costly .
problems: they eliminated many of the features of the advanced version , eventually bringing them near to the basic .
problems: it was a long and tedious process , taking much time for them to reach an agreement since some felt an lcd screen was necessary and others did not .
abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group and gave a timeline for the project .
abstract: the group trained themselves to use the meeting room tools by drawing on the whiteboard .
abstract: the project manager presented the project budget and the projected price point and profit goals .
abstract: the group discussed several of their initial ideas for the features of the product .
abstract: they discussed making the remote able to control multiple devices , protection from water or from dropping the remote , and a locator function .
abstract: the project manager then instructed the user interface designer to research users ' requirements , and instructed the industrial and user interface designers to research the functions and usability features that were discussed in the meeting .
action: the industrial designer will do research on the whistle tracking locator function and other functional components .
action: the user interface designer will research the necessary amount of buttons and the lighted interface that were discussed during the meeting and other usability features .
action: the marketing expert will research users ' requirements for a remote control device .
decisions: the group would like the remote to control multiple devices and have optional water and other damage protection .
decisions: the group will research the possibility of integrating a locator function into the design .
abstract: the user interface designer presented the major components of the interface design , dividing the interface into two parts: voice commands and buttons .
abstract: the marketing expert went over users ' requirements as seen in a company study and showed that the major complaint was that remotes were too difficult to use .
abstract: she also showed that users want fancier and more ergonomic designs , shock protection , voice recognition , and lcd screens .
abstract: the project manager announced a new requirement to the group , that the remote is only to control televisions .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a layout of the internal functions of the device and showed that a standard chip , instead of a larger one that would accomodate voice recognition , would be the most feasible .
abstract: the project manager announced also that the group was not to include a teletext function and that they should integrate the company logo into the external design .
abstract: the group decided on what button functions should be included and decided to eliminate the lcd screen and voice recognition from the design due to time and cost restraints .
decisions: the group decided to include a previous channel change button to the standard remote buttons , and to have a wheel for changing channels in increments , with a smaller number pad below it .
decisions: the remote will not have an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will not include speech recognition .
problems: the group experienced many technical difficulties with their presentations ; all participants encountered problems when opening their presentations .
abstract: the industrial designer presented the functional components that will appear in the prototype , and discussed with the group the high cost of the wheel sensor and the possibility of incorporating speech recognition .
abstract: the user interface designer presented existing remote controls to help show the interface of the prototype .
abstract: he showed how the new design will be more simple and ergonomic than the models he displayed by eliminating extra functions .
abstract: the marketing expert presented news about trends in fashion and in the market that will be incorporated into the design .
abstract: a fruit and vegetable theme and spongy materials are popular trends that will be used in the design .
abstract: the group finalized which features they wanted to integrate into the design .
abstract: they decided to make the remote shaped like a banana and spongy , to have the buttons lighted , to have a wheel sensor at the top of the device , and to use only a standard chip and battery that would not accomodate speech recognition .
decisions: the group decided on the features that will be incorporated into the design of the prototype .
decisions: the remote will be shaped and colored like a banana , and be covered in a spongy material .
decisions: the group decided to keep the wheel sensor despite the added cost .
decisions: it will be placed at the top of the banana shape .
decisions: the remote will use standard batteries .
abstract: the project manager presented the final cost of the remote with the finalized list of components .
abstract: the final cost was under the alotted budget ; the project manager announced that the project could then continue with the current prototype .
abstract: the marketing expert presented an evaluation of the prototype to the group .
abstract: the group evaluated the prototype based on the requirements of users presented in the first meetings .
abstract: the group decided that the prototype met enough of these goals to be able to market the product .
abstract: the project manager summarized the accomplishments of the meeting .
decisions: the group decided that the final cost of the prototype was low enough that they could continue with the current prototype and still meet the profit goals .
decisions: the group also decided that the design of the prototype was satisfactory and met enough of the users ' requirements to be able to be marketed .
abstract: the project manager reviewed new requirements for the project with the group and discussed their implementation .
abstract: the industrial designer presented the basic components of a remote control device and how they work together .
abstract: he showed that the size of the chip they will use is dependent on how many complicated functions are included .
abstract: the user interface designer stressed that the project should focus on a simple design for the device .
abstract: the group discussed not being able to include a teletext component , and that the product design would have to be the main selling point of the device .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed his marketing strategy for the project , again stressing the attractiveness of the product design .
abstract: the industrial designer proposed including a battery charging stand with the device but it was decided that it was not a useful feature .
abstract: the group continued to discuss the marketing strategy for the device as it would not include many advanced technological functions ; they discussed including a guarantee for the remote and using a unique form factor .
decisions: the group decided that they want to incorporate teletext despite the management 's directive .
decisions: the group does not want to include the battery charging stand .
problems: there was a lack of information about the cost of components and materials .
problems: the group felt constrained by the new project requirements and had difficulties implementing the management 's directives .
abstract: the industrial designer presented an overview of the internal components of a remote control device .
abstract: he discussed energy source and material options , and suggested that using rubber and plastic would be the most versatile option .
abstract: he displayed the three options for chips .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed voice recognition with the group , and the group decided to not use it in their design .
abstract: he suggested using rubber buttons because of their durability .
abstract: he discussed the size of the device and the layout of the interface , and suggested that the remote be moderately sized to prevent its getting lost .
abstract: the marketing expert expressed concern that the remote lacked enough features to be distinctive .
abstract: the group had a discussion to decide on the product features .
abstract: they decided to include a charging stand , to use a thin rubber casing material , to include a locator function and a scroll wheel with two channel-changing options to increase its usability .
abstract: the group discussed the cost of the various components and decided to sell the device at a point between thirty-five and fifty euros .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to construct the prototype .
action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will construct the prototype .
decisions: the remote will not feature voice recognition .
decisions: the group decided to include a charging stand to help users keep track of their remote .
decisions: a locator function will also be included .
decisions: the device will be covered in a thin rubber casing .
decisions: a scroll wheel will be included for the channel-changing function , and will allow users to switch between scrolling through pre-programmed favorite channels and through all channels .
decisions: the projected price point will be changed to a point between thirty-five and fifty euros .
decisions: the remote will feature back-lit buttons .
problems: there was a lack of information on the cost of components .
problems: the group had difficulty finding a balance between keeping the project cost low and adding enough features to make the product distinctive .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype to the group and displayed all of its components .
abstract: they demonstrated how the locator function operates .
abstract: they suggested that a trigger button should be included in a later designing phase to improve the feel of the product .
abstract: the marketing expert gave an evaluation of the product and felt that it satisfied his criteria .
abstract: he suggested including a lifetime guarantee and expressed concern that the remote would only be used for televisions .
abstract: the project manager discussed the final production cost with the group ; after an analysis of all of the components the final cost was 15 . 8 euros .
abstract: the project manager then led a discussion about the group 's experience on the project .
abstract: the group felt that they worked well together and that they had room to be creative , but only after they changed many of the initial specifications .
abstract: they also had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment .
abstract: they were satisfied with the increased final cost and budget .
decisions: the group was satisfied enough with the prototype and the final production cost to continue with the current prototype .
problems: the marketing expert was still concerned that the remote would only be used for televisions .
problems: the group felt that they had room to be creative , but only after they changed the initial specifications .
problems: the group had difficulties with their computers and much of the meeting-room equipment .
abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and discussed the roles of each member and the selling price for the remote they will produce .
abstract: then the team participated in an exercise in which they all drew animals .
decisions: the remote will have international appeal .
decisions: the remote will not be too expensive .
decisions: the remote will have new functions that existing remotes do not have .
problems: the difference between the role of the industrial designer and the role of the user interface designer .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed some characteristics and functions to consider in designing the remote and introduced an idea for giving the remote international appeal by merging it with a system such as google .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and presented options for components and materials which would keep costs low .
abstract: the marketing expert presented consumer preferences and requirements .
abstract: the project manager introduced the new requirements for the project .
abstract: the team then discussed different features they could include in the design of the remote .
action: the industrial designer will conduct further research into components .
action: the user interface designer will work on the interface concept
decisions: the remote should look fancy .
decisions: the remote should not have too many buttons .
decisions: teletext will not be used .
decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions .
decisions: the corporate logo should be recognizable on the product .
decisions: the corporate color must be featured on the product .
decisions: the remote has to be fashionable .
problems: whether to have a wireless remote or one which is linked by a cable to the television .
problems: how to have a highly functional and powerful remote while minimizing the number of buttons .
problems: what colors the remote should come in .
abstract: the user interface designer presented three different concepts to consider for the user interface and introduced the idea of using speech recognition in the design of the remote .
abstract: the team discussed the issue of using speech recognition at length .
abstract: the industrial designer presented possible materials to use in making the case for the remote , introduced the option of using a solar battery , and discussed options for buttons .
abstract: the marketing specialist discussed recent findings from trend watching reports .
abstract: the team discussed what materials to use and their interface concept .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design , the ease of use of the design , the characteristics of being powerful and fancy , and the speech recognition aspect .
action: the user interface designer will work on adding a spongy quality to the buttons and the shape of the remote .
action: two members of the team will work on creating a prototype made of clay
decisions: the team will not use the intelligent controller proposed by the user interface designer .
decisions: the team will mix the concepts of the google controller and the fancy controller in their design .
decisions: the remote will use solar energy .
decisions: the remote will use low level chips .
decisions: the case of the remote will be made of wood .
decisions: the remote will have lcd buttons .
decisions: the remote will use speech recognition for simple commands .
problems: using speech recognition in the remote .
problems: whether to have a case that is made of wood or is spongy .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototype for the remote .
abstract: the prototype was yellow and red and was shaped like a mushroom .
abstract: the team then conducted a product evaluation of the prototype .
abstract: overall , the team found the prototype to be technologically innovative but had some issues with the prototype 's appearance and its usability .
abstract: the team decided that the prototype required further work .
abstract: the team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost .
abstract: in discussing the production costs , the team settled on what features they wanted in the remote , while staying within the boundaries of their budget , and decided it was not necessary to completely redesign their product .
abstract: the team then engaged in a project evaluation in which the team discussed the process of creating their product .
decisions: the remote will be shaped like a pineapple .
decisions: the remote will be made of plastic .
decisions: the case of the remote will be single curved .
decisions: the remote will have one solar cell .
decisions: the remote will have a scroll wheel .
decisions: the remote will feature only one push button .
decisions: the corporate logo will need to be incorporated into the product .
problems: whether to use a mushroom or another fruit or vegetable as the basis of the shape of the remote .
problems: having a base on the remote which the user is required to turn in a circular motion in order to change the channel .
abstract: the project manager sebastian opens the meeting .
abstract: the rest introduce themselves , including michael the interface designer , guillermo the marketing expert , and hemant the industrial designer .
abstract: the project manager states the goal of the project , which is to develop a new remote control .
abstract: it should be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: he also mentions the three-step project- functional design , conceptual design , and detailed design .
abstract: then they take turns drawing their favorite animal on the white board .
abstract: after that they briefly discuss finances .
abstract: the remote control 's target selling price of twenty-five euro dollars and will be for the international market .
abstract: they need to generate a profit of fifty million euros .
abstract: the project manager closes the meeting , telling each group member what he is responsible for and reminding them that they will receive more information by email .
action: the project manager designates each group member 's task- working on the working design , technical functions , or user requirement specs .
action: they will receive more information by email .
decisions: the project goal is to develop a new remote control .
decisions: the target selling price will be 25 euro dollars .
decisions: they will target the international market .
decisions: they will generate a proft of fifty million euros .
problems: a group member asks whether it is going to be a stand-alone unit , or one that requires a t.v . beforehand .
problems: they did not decide yet what type of remote control to produce- whether it should be for a specific device or universal .
problems: the main concern is that they do not know what the product is , yet they have to make it fit that price bracket .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting stating that they will address the functional design of the remote and saying they are still undecided about whether it should be universal or specific .
abstract: he suggests they name the project and they come up with `` mando '' , meaning `` control '' in spanish .
abstract: the marketing expert presents some research done on user opinions of remotes .
abstract: he suggests the use of using voice recognition or an lcd , which they discuss despite concerns about budget limitation .
abstract: the industrial designer presents , showing examples of existing products and suggesting they add a scroll wheel for channel-changing .
abstract: he says internet capability might be necessary for an lcd and then brings up button size , suggesting having a flip-open door with extra buttons under it .
abstract: they discuss voice recognition again , and then the interface specialist presents .
abstract: he suggests they have two types of user interfaces and brings up that voice recognition would increase production price .
abstract: they talk about the budget limitations on features and then the project manager summarizes decisios made and closes the meeting by teeling each group member what he should work on .
action: the industrial designer will work on the component concept .
action: the interface specialist will work on the user interface .
action: the marketing expert will work on trend-watching .
decisions: the remote control will be for television only .
decisions: the remote control should be fancy , a good shape , and not too small or too big .
decisions: to target towards young people will bring in new technology .
decisions: because of budget restrictions , they can not do speech recognition technologies .
decisions: corporate logo will be clearly displayed on product .
problems: they have not yet decided whether to include an lcd screen .
problems: although the project manager clearly does not favor the idea because of budget costs and the possible requirement of internet connection , others are pushing for it .
problems: they find that the budget is restricting their capabilities , and mentioned increasing the price of the remote control .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting , stating that it is about conceptual design .
abstract: he restates the last meeting 's descision that they will not do speech recognition technology but says they still have to decide whether to use an lcd screen .
abstract: then they move on to the three presentations .
abstract: the marketing expert is first to present , and he talks about making a pleasant-looking device , particularly one that favors current trends .
abstract: they then begin talking about using a fruit , vegetable , or natural object as the shape of the remote , the logo , or for the buttons .
abstract: eventually they decide to make the device the shape of a banana .
abstract: next , the user interface specialist presents .
abstract: he annouces that the technology division of their company has developed an integrated programmeable sample speaker unit , which would allow a person to have a conversation with the remote control .
abstract: they have the option of using that technology .
abstract: he shows them his plan what the remote control could look like and the features it might have .
abstract: he suggests putting two scroll wheels- one for changing the channel and another for the volume .
abstract: he also included a turbo button for speed , which he thinks every design should have .
abstract: since they can only charge twenty-five euro they decide to eliminate the lcd screen idea .
abstract: after that the interface specialist talks about having a base station for the purpose of finding the remote control when lost .
abstract: lastly , the industrial designer presents , discussing the power source of the remote control .
abstract: he suggests that they could have one of two kinds of power supplies- the usual batteries or rechargable ones if there is to be a base station and they could place solar cells on top for times when the lighting is good .
abstract: he talks about using plastic with elasticity so that the remote would not break into pieces if it fell , which relates to their earlier discussion about giving it a spongy design .
abstract: plastic is also less costly than other options of wood or titanum .
abstract: in addition , he talks about giving the control a double curve , curves on both the sides so that it is easy to hold and handle .
abstract: they do not yet seem set about the idea of making it a banana shape , and one group member feels that the shape is not handy .
abstract: the industrial desiger tells them they will use a regular chip rather than the advanced one since pricing is a factor .
abstract: they agree on having base station with the remote .
abstract: they go on to have discussion , with one member suggesting that they make the banana more stylized so that it looks less like a banana- for example , it could be silver .
abstract: after that the project manager has them discuss / reiterate the decisions made during the meeting: no lcd screen , the remote will have a base station , a rf for beeping , a button on the base station to press , possibly a stylish banana-shape for the control , 2 scroll wheels to control the volume and channels at the thumb level , a turbo button perhaps underneath the device , on / off button for the tv .
action: before the next meeting , the interface specialist and industrial designer have to work together on the user interface and the look / feel design .
action: the marketing expert has to look up product evaluation .
decisions: thus far , lcd and asr have been ruled out .
decisions: the remote will have a base station , a button on the base station to press , 2 scroll wheels for the channels and volume , a turbo button ( possibly underneath the device ) , and an on / off button for the tv .
problems: the group has not yet agreed on whether the remote should be banana-shaped .
problems: there is concern that the shape is not handy and might make the product less marketable- that would be a problem since they have to meet the fifty million euros profit goal .
abstract: the project manager goes through the minutes of the last meeting .
abstract: they have the prototype presentation and talk about the final design , features , and power source , type of chip and weight of the remote .
abstract: they go through the evaulations , using the a list of criteria made by the marketing expert .
abstract: they rate each criteria on a scale of 0 ( true ) to 7 ( false ) : how fancy it is , how handy it is , how functional , how cool it is , whether they would spend twenty five euro for it , and whether they would change their current remote for this one .
abstract: next they do a cost estimate for production .
abstract: in doing this , they decide against solar cells and go with the rechargable batteries .
abstract: they keep the regular chip , stick with plastic , put two scroll wheels and three push buttons , and make it a special shade of yellow .
abstract: they eliminate the turbo button and give the remote a single curve because of budget restrictions .
abstract: they briefly evaulate the project process and close the meeting .
decisions: it will be shaped like a banana , with an base station resembling a banana leaf for it to sit on .
decisions: the volume scroll wheel will be on the left , channel scroll on the right .
decisions: will contain a teletext button , when pressed teletext appears and channel selector can be used to navigate through the teletext .
decisions: infared port on top of banana as well as bottom front of base station .
decisions: weight of an actual banana but a special shade of yellow .
decisions: three push buttons .
decisions: for pricing reasons eliminate solar cells - use rechargable batteries as power source , base station used for battery-charging which should last 8-10 hours depending on frequency of use .
decisions: for pricing reasons they will use a regular chip for the control rather than advanced one .
decisions: for pricing reasons the remote will have a single , not double curve .
problems: for pricing reasons they had to use a regular chip instead of advanced , single curve instead of double , rechargable batteries instead of solar cells , and eliminate the turbo button .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves by name and their role in the project .
abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then had the team members participate in a tool training exercise in which each member drew his favorite animal on the white board and discussed what he liked about the animal .
abstract: the project manager also discussed selling prices and the project budget .
abstract: the team then discussed their experiences with remotes , focusing on various features they would like to see in the remote they will produce , as well as features they find unappealing in current remotes .
action: the interface designer will work on the technical functions of the remote .
action: the marketing expert will find the user requirements for the remote
decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro .
decisions: the remote will be sold internationally .
decisions: the production costs can not exceed 12 . 50 euro .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and then the marketing expert discussed user requirements .
abstract: the marketing expert also found that younger users want an lcd display and a remote capable of speech recognition .
abstract: the interface specialist discussed the interior workings of a remote and stated a preference for using radio waves over infra-red technology .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed particular components that a remote could include .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and initiated a discussion in which the team discussed and decided on various features to include in the remote they will produce .
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions .
decisions: the corporate image must be recognizable in the product .
decisions: the remote will have buttons for channel changing , volume settings , numerals , and power on / off .
decisions: the remote will feature an lcd screen .
decisions: lesser used functions will be able to be accessed on the remote but they will be hidden on the remote .
decisions: the remote will not have a time button .
problems: cost of adding speech recognition to a remote .
problems: whether using radio waves will interfere with other technology a user owns .
problems: cost of infra-red components .
problems: how to minimize the number of buttons on the remote while having buttons to access channels .
problems: whether to include lesser used functions in the remote .
problems: whether to have a power button .
problems: whether to have a timer feature .
problems: whether to have a display function .
abstract: the project manager stated that the goal for the current meeting was to decide upon a concept for the remote the team is creating .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports .
abstract: he found that current trends are such that a product must have a fancy look and feel , be technologically innovative , be easy to use , incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif , and must be spongy .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for a remote that is easy to use .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the placement of commonly used buttons , the overall shape of a remote , and how to hide less commonly used buttons .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed various components and energy sources the remote could include .
abstract: the industrial designer focused on the use of a tft screen and the use of solar cells to supplement the energy from two regular batteries .
abstract: the team then discussed and made decisions regarding the option to use solar cells , the specifications of an lcd screen , how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif into their design , and how to hide lesser used buttons .
action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface design .
action: the marketing expert will work on the project evaluation .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on a prototype
decisions: the remote will feature a small sized lcd screen .
decisions: the lcd screen on the remote will be a touch screen .
decisions: the remote will resemble a banana .
decisions: the remote will use infra-red technology .
decisions: the remote will have a spongy outer layer .
decisions: the remote will have a hidden layer containing the lesser used buttons .
decisions: the remote will use speech recognition .
problems: size of tft screen and its impact on the size of the remote overall .
problems: whether users will expose the remote to sunlight to recharge it if the remote contains solar cells .
problems: the size and shape of the remote .
problems: how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif into the design of the remote .
problems: how to have a fruit shaped remote with an lcd screen .
problems: how to hide the lesser used buttons .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced the upcoming project to the team members .
abstract: the team members then participated in an exercise in which each team member drew his favorite animal and discussed why he liked the particular animal .
abstract: after the drawing exercise , the project manager discussed selling prices and production costs for the remote the team will design .
abstract: the project manager also indicated that the remote will be sold internationally and that two million remotes are expected to be sold .
abstract: the team then discussed their experiences using remotes in the past and what features to consider implementing in the remote they will produce .
abstract: the team members discussed child proof capabilities , color options , how to adapt a remote for left-handed users , a `` go back '' function , the size of a remote , buttons , and lcd screens .
abstract: the project manager closed the meeting and gave the team members their assignments and then one of the team members briefly went over his role on the team .
action: the team members will work on the ideas which arose during the meeting and decide which ones are useful and which ones should be discarded .
action: the team members will work on the technical aspects of the remote
decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euro .
decisions: the production costs for the remote will be 12 . 50 euro maximum .
decisions: the remote will be child proof .
decisions: the remote will be colorful and will have different colored changeable face plates .
decisions: the remote will be adaptable so that it can be used by right-handed and left-handed people .
decisions: the remote will feature a button which allows the user to return to the previous channel he was viewing .
problems: size of remote .
problems: whether to include a screen similar to one found on a cell phone on the remote .
problems: how many buttons and actions to include on the remote .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda to the team members .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed the findings of a survey which indicated that current remotes are ugly , difficult to use , have a number of unused buttons , frustrate users when misplaced , and contribute to rsi .
abstract: the marketing expert also stated that young users like speech recognition and that users in general want buttons for power , channel selection , volume control , and a few lesser used settings .
abstract: the user interface designer presented existing remotes to exemplify the need for simpler designs , discussed the use of components such as titanium and a back-lit lcd screen , and discussed other features to consider such as color options .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and how to handle universal capability and speech recognition .
abstract: after the project manager 's closing , the project manager recapped some decisions and the team discussed how to handle the issue of locating a remote when misplaced .
action: the industrial designer will focus on the components concept .
action: the user interface designer will focus on the user interface concept .
action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching
decisions: the team will not work with teletext .
decisions: the team will concentrate on making a remote only for televisions and then make their product more generalized later .
decisions: an automatic on / off feature will not be used .
problems: making the remote universal .
problems: users habits in jumping from channel to channel .
problems: how speech recognition commands work .
problems: allowing users in the same household to have their own remotes with personal settings .
problems: how to locate a remote when misplaced .
abstract: the project manager stated the agenda and set the goals for the current meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed different options for batteries , case materials and shapes , chips , and interface components and also discussed the components necessary for a speech recognition capable remote control .
abstract: the user interface designer presented his concept for the interface design which he called the `` millennium remote control '' .
abstract: the user interface designer also discussed with the team color options and how to make a `` smart '' remote which is in tune with the user 's preferences .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed current findings from trend watching reports which indicated that there is a desire for products to have a fancy look and feel , be technologically innovative , be easy to use , incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme , and be spongy .
abstract: the project manager gave the team members their assignments and then the team went over the decisions they had made and discussed whether to use titanium or rubber in their design .
action: the user interface designer will work on the interface design .
action: the marketing expert will work on the product evaluation .
action: the user interface designer and industrial designer will work together on a prototype
decisions: the remote will contain a speech recognizer .
decisions: the remote will have some buttons .
decisions: the remote will incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme .
decisions: the remote will feature an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will use two regular batteries .
problems: whether to allow the lcd or the remote case to come in different colors .
problems: how to account for the increase in production costs for a remote that comes in different colors .
problems: how to make a `` smart '' remote .
problems: whether to make a remote out of rubber or titanium .
problems: whether the team should invent their own trend .
abstract: this last meeting started with the presentation of a remote control prototype .
abstract: it has on-off and volume buttons , an lcd screen ( it can be active or switched off ) in various colours , which largely replaces the use of push buttons , and a jog-wheel for navigation and option selection in the menus presented on the lcd .
abstract: it also includes speech recognition as an alternative interface , which also serves as mechanism for locating the device .
abstract: the casing will be made of titanium with rubber strawberries following the fruit and veg fashion .
abstract: the prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1 ( excellent ) -7 ( very bad ) in terms of fancifulness , technology , robustness , usefulness , size , colour and shape and customizability: the average mark was 2.17 ; the team were satisfied with their prototype , although after costs were calculated it proved very expensive .
abstract: finally , the team evaluated the whole process: they deemed themselves a good team , they found there was plenty of room for creativity and they liked the project manager 's leadership .
decisions: after the team realised the prototype was over budget , they replaced the battery with a hand dynamo .
decisions: when it became evident from the costs of components and materials that they would have to do without either the lcd or the speech recognition , they decided to change the given prices in order to accommodate them to their design and budget .
problems: the gratuitous presence of decorative rubber strawberries on a titanium case ( even if they cover sensors ) did not meet everyone 's approval .
problems: although , the attempt was towards keeping with the current fashion trends , the result did not satisfy the program manager .
problems: the prototype was more than 40 % over budget .
problems: the team realised that their budget did not allow for all the specifications of their prototype .
abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group .
abstract: the group set an agenda for the meeting and discussed the materials sent to them by the account manager .
abstract: they discussed and explained their roles in the project .
abstract: the group began a discussion about their initial ideas for the product .
abstract: they discussed several usability features: adding speech recognition and an option to choose what to watch by channel or by content , reducing the number of buttons by using the television screen to display options , and adding a light adaptation system .
abstract: all participants were instructed to gather more information for the next meeting , the functional design meeting .
action: all participants were instructed to gather information for the functional design meeting .
decisions: the group decided to include an option for the user to choose what to watch by channel or by content or program type .
problems: the project agenda and the participant roles were not clear to all participants at the beginning of the meeting .
problems: the group could not decide if they wanted to include speech recognition in the design .
abstract: the project manager presented the goals of the meeting and new product requirements .
abstract: the industrial designer presented the internal components of a remote control and showed a diagram of how they operate together .
abstract: he suggested that field programmable gateway arrays be used for the chip controlling software functionalities , and it was suggested that the remote be used with a recharging stand .
abstract: the user interface designer gave a presentation on the technical functions of the remote , and displayed the interfaces of two existing products for comparison .
abstract: he showed that the competitors ' remotes were too complicated .
abstract: he suggested that the televisions that the remotes are used with connect to the internet to access downloadable programs .
abstract: he suggested a simple design with few buttons , small size , and a locator function .
abstract: the marketing expert presented several characteristics important to users .
abstract: he discussed using speech recognition and ways to make it feasible for the project , small size , low price point , and incorporating teletext in different languages .
abstract: the group discussed the new requirement that required them to omit teletext from their design , and discussed the possibility of using the remote to access the internet through the television .
decisions: the remote will be used with a recharging stand .
decisions: the group decided not to include a lighting adaptation system .
problems: the participants disagreed on how to easily move through channels using the design of the user interface designer , which included very few buttons .
problems: there was no resolution on whether or not to allow users to use the remote to access the internet through their television , as opposed to including teletext capabilities .
abstract: the industrial designer presented options for each component .
abstract: he suggested kinetic energy , a titanium case , and rubber push buttons .
abstract: the group will ask if the kinetic energy component can provide enough energy .
abstract: the user interface designer introduced the graphical user interface to the group and suggested using an lcd screen .
abstract: he presented several existing products and suggested the following: large buttons ; voice recognition ; either push , scroll , or spinning buttons ; and incorporating some customizable components .
abstract: the group discussed including a help button ; it was decided that it would make the device seem more complicated .
abstract: the marketing expert presented that users found remotes too easily lost , complicated , and ugly .
abstract: he showed that users were willing to pay more for a fancy remote .
abstract: he suggested the lcd screen ; the group felt that it was better to utilize the user 's television as a display screen , but that they would inquire about cost before deciding .
abstract: the group will inquire about the cost of voice recognition and scroll buttons .
abstract: the group discussed incorporating a locator function and customization for children .
abstract: they discussed the sensitivity of the voice recognizer to other noises ; the group will ask about the capability of the recognizer .
action: the group will find out if the kinetic energy component can provide enough energy .
action: the group will inquire about the cost of voice recognition and the scroll button .
action: the group will ask about the capability of the voice recognition component .
decisions: the group decided not to include a help button on the device because it would make the remote seem more complicated .
problems: there was not enough information about the capabilities of the voice recognizer or the kinetic energy source .
problems: there was not enough information on the cost of several components .
problems: no decision was made about whether or not the lcd screen should be included .
problems: no decision was made about including a locator function , or what form it should take .
problems: no decision was made about making the remote programmable for children .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented two prototypes , one with an lcd screen and one without .
abstract: they demonstrated how to navigate through the menus and presented the voice recognition and energy source components and the charging stand .
abstract: they discussed their modular design .
abstract: they discussed the parental control module and the titanium casing .
abstract: the production costs were below budget for the basic models .
abstract: the marketing expert presented three important user requirements , and also the fruit and vegetable and spongy material trends in fashion .
abstract: he then led an evaluation of the prototypes according to these requirements .
abstract: the group did not feel that the remotes sufficiently met the criteria .
abstract: they decided to continue working on the design and to take out the lcd screen and voice recognition .
abstract: they discussed the modular design and its advantages in attracting customers .
abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate the fashion trends ; it was suggested that one shape was used , which could be customized with skins .
abstract: the project manager led an evaluation of the group 's experience on the project .
abstract: the group was pleased with the teamwork and leadership , but one participant complained that not enough information was given about each meeting 's agenda .
decisions: the remote will feature rechargeable double-a batteries and a charging stand .
decisions: the remote can be customized for adults , children , or the elderly .
decisions: the remote has a misplacement reminder that sends a message to the television screen to remind users to put the remote back in the charger when not in use .
decisions: the remote features a modular design that allows users to add as many or as few components as they wish to the basic model .
decisions: the group was unsatisfied with the design and decided to continue working on it , focusing on a fancier design .
decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd screen or voice recognition .
decisions: the group decided that the teamwork and leadership of the project were good , but that not enough information was given about each meeting 's agenda .
problems: the group had difficulty deciding what would be displayed on the lcd screen .
problems: the group felt that too much focus was placed on the functionality of the remote such that they could not achieve a fancy look .
problems: the group did not feel that the prototype met the user requirements presented by the marketing expert .
problems: the group could not decide how to incorporate the fashion trends into the design .
problems: not enough information was given about the agenda of each meeting .
abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other and discussed their roles in the project .
abstract: the project manager opened a discussion about the project plan and asked the marketing expert to prepare an overall plan for the project .
abstract: the marketing expert presented the initial aim of the project: the creation of a fresh , user-friendly remote control device .
abstract: the project manager asked the industrial designer to create a functional design plan for the device , then asked the marketing expert about ideas for the sales strategy .
abstract: the marketing expert presented an initial sales plan: to analyze the competition and to pinpoint the target marketing group .
abstract: the project manager instructed all participants to work together on their respective design plans .
abstract: the project manager decided that the design plans will be discussed at the next meeting , and that the next step will be to come up with a functional design of the device .
action: the marketing expert will prepare a sales plan for the product and discuss the project budget and the sales strategy .
action: the industrial designer will prepare an initial functional design .
action: the user interface designer will contribute studies on user requirements to the functional design .
action: the project manager will post his presentation to be available for all participants .
decisions: the group will discuss the design plans of the three experts at the next meeting .
decisions: the group will first work on a functional design of the device .
problems: the group did not receive sufficient information about the project in advance to be prepared to create a project plan in the first meeting .
abstract: the project manager gave new requirements for the product: the remote will not include a teletext function , will only be used for television , and must show the corporate image .
abstract: the industrial designer presented possible components to consider .
abstract: the group then discussed hard materials to include in the design .
abstract: the marketing expert presented an initial sales plan and showed that there is a demand for remotes featuring voice recognition and other capabilities ; the group discussed how it could be integrated into the functional design .
abstract: the project manager offered to help the industrial designer find companies to provide help in integrating this component .
abstract: the designers expressed that they needed more information from the board on their expectations for the product .
abstract: the user interface designer gave a presentation on product design from the user 's perspective and emphasized simplicity in design .
abstract: she also suggested that the group make a decision on which features to include in the final product design , but the group decided to postpone it .
abstract: the designers were given their assignments: the marketing expert will present the marketing concept ; the user interface designer , the user interface concept ; the industrial designer , the components concept .
action: the industrial designer will make a presentation on the components concept for the product .
action: the user interface designer will make a presentation on the user interface concept .
action: the marketing expert will present the marketing concept .
action: the project manager will research companies that can provide the industrial designer with help on integrating voice recognition into her design .
decisions: the group will discuss which features to include in and eliminate from the final design of the product at the next meeting .
decisions: the remote will have a slim shape and a simple interface , include a locator function and voice recognition , and be made of a hard material .
problems: the group was not sure whether to proceed in the design process with all of the desired functions and eliminate them later , or to eliminate some features before creating the design concept .
problems: there was a lack of sufficient information from the board on their expectations for the design of the remote , whether they expected a simple device or a more costly one with many features .
abstract: the industrial designer gave her components concept presentation , which presented the components that will be used and how they will be integrated into the functional design .
abstract: she announced that their only choice for casing material was wood , so she suggested an idea of having customizable wood cases .
abstract: the user interface designer gave her presentation on the user interface concept for the product , and gave a basic layout of the remote 's key functions .
abstract: the marketing expert presented the marketing concept and discussed including a display to facilitate use .
abstract: the group discussed the unique , custom design of the remote , and quickly talked about finding a manufacturer that could make the custom cases cheaply that still paid fair wages .
abstract: the group also discussed whether or not to incorporate the display into the design , and decided to wait until the cost of adding that feature was known before adding it to the design .
abstract: the industrial designer and the user interface designer were instructed to begin building a prototype , and the marketing expert was instructed to work on the marketing strategy as well as research the cost of the display component .
action: the industrial designer and the user interface designer will design the prototype of the remote control .
action: the marketing expert will find out how much the display component costs and will present his marketing strategy at the next meeting .
decisions: the group decided on the features that will be included in the final design of the prototype .
decisions: the remote will have customized wood casing and ergonomic sizing , voice recognition , a locator function , rubber buttons in a simple arrangement , an advanced chip , and a battery life indicator .
decisions: the group discussed including a display on the remote , but the prototype will be designed without a display until the marketing expert finds out how much it would cost to add it .
decisions: the group decided to contact another company to manufacture the product that could do it cheaply yet still paid fair wages .
problems: the number of options for the material used for the casing was restricted ; the group was left with one material that could be used for the product .
problems: there was a lack of information on how much certain components would cost .
abstract: the user interface designer presented the prototype of the product to the group .
abstract: the product featured an lcd display , a flip panel , and a customizable case back .
abstract: the project manager displayed the cost of all of the components , and the group decided that the current budget would not allow the addition of the lcd display .
abstract: the project manager decided to negotiate the cost of production to allow the addition of the display .
abstract: the marketing expert gave a presentation on sales projection and showed that the current projected sales point would probably not allow the project to reach its profit aim .
abstract: the group also discussed the distribution and promotion of the product on the internet .
abstract: the user interface designer expressed concern that there would not be time under the current plan to make changes to the product resulting from consumer testing ; the project manager decided that no additional changes would be made .
abstract: the group then discussed other means of promoting the product: launching the remote at the same time as a large sporting event or dvd release .
action: the project manager will negotiate with production companies and with management to decrease the cost of production .
action: he will also present the new promotion plan to management .
action: the marketing expert will begin his marketing plan after production has begun .
action: the group will evaluate the product after real units have been produced .
decisions: the group decided that the lcd display will be included in the design and that the microphone for the remote will be placed on the side of the device .
decisions: the project manager decided to negotiate the cost of production to allow the integration of the display into the design .
decisions: the group will work with other companies to promote the product and have it released along with other products or with an event , such as a sporting event .
decisions: the project manager decided that no additional changes will be made to the remote .
decisions: the product evaluation will occur at a later time , after the production of some real units have been produced , rather than evaluating the prototype .
problems: the group will have to make many changes to their original budget plans after the final cost analysis showed that their current budget would not cover the cost of all components and that the current price point would not meet the expected profit goal .
problems: the group had problems agreeing on the project agenda , if more or less time should have been alotted for user testing and making changes to the design .
abstract: the meeting opens with the group doing introductions by giving their name and role .
abstract: betty is the project manager , francina is the user interface specialist , eileen is the marketing expert , and jeanne is the industrial designer .
abstract: the project manager tells them they will be designing a new remote control that should be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: they will be concerned with functional , conceptional , and detailed design .
abstract: to try out the whiteboard , each group member draws her favorite animal on the board .
abstract: they discuss the project budget and then talk about their experiences with remote controls .
abstract: they seemed to agree that the remote should be compact and have a multi-purpose functions .
abstract: they also agree that it should do something different that current controls can not do and that it should be made of different colors , materials , and shapes .
abstract: they also discuss a way of helping people find the remote when it is lost- a signal , whether it is a beep or light .
abstract: then they close the meeting with the project manager going over the tasks they are to complete and telling them they will meet again in about thirty minutes .
action: the industrial designer will work on the working design and technical function .
action: the interface specialist will do the working design and functional design .
action: the marketing manager will look for user requirement specifications such as friendliness
decisions: selling price will be twenty five euro .
decisions: company aims to profit fifty million euro .
decisions: it should be compact , multi-functional , different in shape / color / material .
decisions: have a locator to help find the remote when it is lost .
problems: the group if not sure if they will have the budget to make the gadget multi-functional , but they would like to make one that would control basically all household machines .
abstract: the meeting begins and the marketing expert starts her presentation promptly , telling them that her research shows they need a focus- it is not possible to make a device that works on the whole house .
abstract: the project manager steps in and informs them that they have instructions to eliminate the teletext idea because it is too complicated , and also said they must maintain the corporate image by using corporate designs and colors .
abstract: the marketing expert resumes , talking about how remotes often get lost and that a light emitter might be useful .
abstract: the industrial designer gives her presentation , talking about components , materials , and energy sources .
abstract: they discuss giving the control different shapes to suit both adults and children , making the buttons various shapes , and putting a display clock on the control .
abstract: the interface designer presents , talking about the features users like on a remote and suggesting that they make the remote a t-shape and add an alarm clock function .
abstract: they discuss their target group and the possibility of removable plastic cases .
abstract: they close the meeting deciding to do more research on the plastic cases .
decisions: they can not make a device that works on the whole house- will need a focus .
decisions: they will eliminate teletext .
decisions: they will maintain the corporate image by using the proper designs and colors .
decisions: their target group is basically everybody who owns a tv .
problems: they are concerned about making the control marketable to a wide range of age groups , and have discussed making removable plastic covers so that the look is changeable .
problems: however , they need to do more research on this topic .
problems: they do not know if their budget will allow them to include all the features they would like to such as a light emitter , clock , alarm clock , and child lock .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting .
abstract: the interface specialist begins her presentation by highlighting important remote functions and showing examples of remote interfaces .
abstract: the group comments on her presentation , and then the industrial designer begins presenting .
abstract: she talks about the technical electronic components of the remote , explains how a remote works , and shows a few pictures revealing the insides of a normal remote control .
abstract: she suggests giving the remote a strong shell so it is durable , using a rechargable battery , and not adding a scroll wheel because it requires a sophisticated chip .
abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about user preferences for a small , simple , eye-catching , cute , appealing , and functional remote .
abstract: fruit and vegetable shapes are popular this year , so a soft , spongy remote perhaps covered with cloth could make the item marketable .
abstract: the group discusses the issues surrounding speech recognition , noting that if it is good quality it could be costly .
abstract: they about the power source and review the objectives of the product .
abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each member what task she is to complete .
action: the marketing expert will do the product evaluation .
action: the industrial designer and interface specialist will work together on a prototype using modeling clay .
action: the industrial designer will come up with a user interface design .
action: their coaches will send specific instructions and answer questions .
decisions: they decided that the product should be bright , colorful , trendy in design , strong , compact , have push buttons , and contain supplement features ( possibly mute button , swapping button , voice recognition ) .
decisions: the power source will be batteries because it is cost-effective .
problems: the group would like to include voice recognition as a feature , but they are not sure about how much it would cost .
problems: this will require further research by the industrial engineer .
abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting , detailing the main points of each person 's presentation .
abstract: they do the prototype presentation which includes a model of the remote control .
abstract: the group discusses this proposed model , approving of the small size and look of it .
abstract: they goes over finances and are pleased to find that they are well within budget .
abstract: however , while the marketing expert is doing the product evaulation the group realizes that they neglected to calculate voice recognition into the financing .
abstract: their cost had been 8.20 euros and they have 4.30 left to cover it , so they decide to settle for whatever quality it will buy .
abstract: they rate their product on its shape , size , color , feel , and functionality .
abstract: they discuss the project process , talk briefly about adding more features , and one member suggests eliminating a mute buttons and include a diffferent feature .
abstract: they are happy with the creativity , leadership , and teamwork within the group , and close the meeting by thanking one another .
decisions: the remote is a snail shape with bright colors , blue and yellow with multi-colored buttons .
decisions: compact in size .
decisions: it includes a remote holder in the shape of a shell .
decisions: the case will be made of plastic and the buttons of soft rubber .
decisions: its features will include an on / off button , two mute buttons , nine channel buttons , two buttons for increasing / decreasing the volume , two buttons for scrolling up / down channels , a menu button in the center which controls the color / sharpness / brightness of the picture , and a swapping button .
decisions: channel buttons numbered , rest of the buttons have symbols indicating function .
decisions: light emitting diode is flourescent green .
decisions: in their cost evaluation they got 8.20 , not factoring in the voice recognition feature .
decisions: they decide to settle for the level of quality the remaining 4.30 euros will get them .
problems: the group spent 8.20 euros on their product , but they almost forgot to factor in voice recognition , which may cost more than the 4.30 euros remaining .
problems: they will have to settle for whatever level of quality that 4.30 euros can buy .
abstract: the project manager introduced himself to the team and then acquainted the team with the audio and video equipment in the meeting room .
abstract: the project manager briefly described the company the team works for and discussed the corporate website .
abstract: the project manager then described the upcoming project and the roles of each team member .
abstract: the project manager introduced the smart boards to the team and led the team members in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and described why they liked the animal .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the project budget and selling prices for the remote they are to create and led them in a discussion on their experiences with remote controls and what features they would like to include in their product .
action: the team members will work on their individual projects
decisions: the selling price will be 25 euro .
decisions: the focus will be on an international market .
decisions: the production cost can not exceed 12 . 50 euro .
decisions: the remote will be able to control multiple devices .
decisions: the remote will be shockproof .
decisions: the remote will be waterproof .
problems: cost of a battery status display .
abstract: the project manager stated the agenda and the marketing expert discussed what functions are most relevant on a remote , what the target demographic is , and what his vision for the appearance of the remote is .
abstract: the marketing expert also brought up the idea to include a docking station to prevent the remote from getting lost and the idea to include an lcd screen .
abstract: the user interface designer pushed for a user-friendly interface with large buttons , a display function , a touchscreen , and the capability of controlling different devices .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements they are to abide by .
abstract: the team then discussed teletext , the target demographic , the buttons the remote should have , the idea of marketing a remote designed for the elderly , an audio signal which can sound if the remote is lost , lcd screens , and language options .
action: the industrial designer will work on the components concept .
action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface concept and trend-watching
decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions .
decisions: the user target group consists of adults age sixty to eighty .
decisions: the team will implement teletext in their design if it does not cost too much .
decisions: the remote will only have a few buttons .
decisions: the remote will have a docking station .
decisions: the remote will feature a small lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will be fancy .
decisions: the remote will be easy to learn .
decisions: the remote will be made to accommodate different languages .
problems: cost of a touchscreen .
problems: whether to include teletext in the design despite the new requirement which indicates that the team is not to work with teletext .
problems: the user target group of adults age forty and up is quite small .
problems: what buttons and functions to include on the remote .
problems: whether to include a scroll button .
problems: whether to focus more on the layout of the buttons or the docking station .
problems: whether the user target group should be people age 60 to 80 .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed his personal preferences for the design of the remote and presented the results of trend-watching reports , which indicated that there is a need for products which are fancy , innovative , easy to use , in dark colors , in recognizable shapes , and in a familiar material like wood .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the option to include speech recognition and which functions to include on the remote .
abstract: the industrial designer discussed which options he preferred for the remote in terms of energy sources , casing , case supplements , buttons , and chips .
abstract: the team then discussed and made decisions regarding energy sources , speech recognition , lcd screens , chips , case materials and colors , case shape and orientation , and button orientation .
action: the team members will look at the corporate website .
action: the user interface designer will continue with what he has been working on .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together
decisions: the remote will have a docking station .
decisions: the remote will use a conventional battery and a docking station which recharges the battery .
decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip .
decisions: the remote will have changeable case covers .
decisions: the case will be single curved .
problems: whether to use kinetic energy or a conventional battery with a docking station which recharges the remote .
problems: whether to implement an lcd screen on the remote .
problems: choosing between an lcd screen or speech recognition .
problems: using wood for the case .
abstract: in the detailed design meeting the team created a prototype .
abstract: along with buttons for numbers , channel selector , volume , mute , on-off , teletext , and subtitles , the prototype included an lcd screen and a help button for functional information .
abstract: one rechargable battery , single-curve form and plastic case , brought the total cost to 17 euros .
abstract: to reduce this cost , it was decided to replace most buttons with a scrollwheel .
abstract: the remaining buttons were one for channel selection , one for volume ( both assisted by the scrollwheel ) , teletext , on-off and the help button .
abstract: a suggestion to target the product to a younger or perhaps more general group was met with approval .
abstract: all these components were re-arranged in a revised prototype .
abstract: it was evaluated on a scale from 1 to 7 on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design ( 6 ) , technological innovation ( 4 ) , functionality ( 7 ) , consideration of the target group ( 3 ) .
abstract: the remote was also recognisable as a fashionable real reaction product .
abstract: the project process was deemed well-structured , although everyone thought it would have been better had they known the component prices at an earlier stage .
abstract: teamword and leadership were good , but room for creativity impeded by budget constraints .
action: the project manager will prepare the final presentation , while the rest of the group will fill in a questionnaire .
decisions: the case will be plastic and will be made in single-curve form .
decisions: standard buttons like the ones for teletext shortcuts were considered superfluous .
decisions: an lcd screen will be providing functional information , and context tips when using the scrollwheel .
decisions: the revised prototype will probably be targeted to a younger one , or even across the population .
problems: raising the budget was not an option , although it was promoted as an idea throughout the meeting .
problems: it is not clear whether the budget will allow for a docking station to be produced along with the remote , as it is n't included in the costing sheet .
problems: the non-standard interface ( few buttons , scrollwheel ) makes the remote unsuitable for older people - the original target group .
problems: it was suspected that many would not know how to use a scrollwheel , even though it does resemble a radio tuning button .
abstract: the project manager introduced himself and the project to the group .
abstract: he presented an agenda for the rest of the project .
abstract: the group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room materials by drawing on the board .
abstract: the project manager discussed the projected price point , profit aim , and production cost for the project .
abstract: the group discussed their initial ideas about the product design .
abstract: they decided to make the remote a universal remote .
abstract: they discussed the form of the device ; it was suggested that the device could have a folding-open design or a touch-screen interface .
abstract: they discussed energy source options and could not decide between using standard batteries or a recharging stand .
abstract: they also discussed how to make the remote look more unique ; it was suggested that the remote could feature the folding-open design to hide complicated functions on the inside of the device .
abstract: the project manager instructed the marketing expert to prepare the user requirement specification and to research which devices the remote will control .
action: the marketing expert will present the user requirement specification and will research which devices the remote will control .
decisions: the group decided to make the remote a universal remote .
problems: the group had some difficulties setting up their computers and using the smartboard .
problems: the group discussed energy source options but could not decide between using standard batteries or a recharging stand .
problems: the group discussed ways in which they could make the remote look unique but could not decide if the remote should have a unique folding-open design or if it should be made in a more standard , square shape .
abstract: the project manager announced that the remote should only control television , and that the marketing should be targeted towards ages 40 and above .
abstract: the marketing expert presented the results of a lab study on users of remote controls , and showed that users want a fancier , less complicated remote that does not get lost easily .
abstract: the group decided not to use speech recognition or an lcd screen to target the older demographic .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the button functions and how to make channel-changing easier .
abstract: the group decided not to include programmable `` favorites '' buttons .
abstract: the industrial designer presented the internal components of the device .
abstract: the group discussed having the remote light up when used .
abstract: he also stressed that the remote must be compatible with all television brands .
abstract: the project manager corrected his target group announcement and announced that the target age group was actually ages 40 and below .
abstract: the group again discussed the possibility of adding speech recognition and lcd screens to the design but decided that it was not feasible .
abstract: the group decided to have the remote light up when used and is including teletext .
abstract: the marketing expert was instructed to report on trendwatching .
action: the marketing expert will prepare a report on trendwatching .
decisions: the remote will not feature speech recognition or an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will light up when a button is pressed , much like a mobile phone .
decisions: the remote will feature teletext capabilities , and the teletext buttons will be included on the main interface .
problems: there was a misunderstanding about the target user group that forced the group to reevaluate their decisions on several components once they received the correct information .
problems: the new requirement that the remote was only to control television forced the group to change some of their initial design ideas .
problems: the group did not reach a decision on how to ensure that the remote would recognize all brands of televisions .
abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting .
abstract: the marketing expert gave a trendwatching report .
abstract: he found that a fancy look and feel was most important for users .
abstract: he also discussed the trend towards spongy materials .
abstract: the group discussed the cost of adding speech recognition , the lcd screen , and the advanced chip .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the look of the interface with the group .
abstract: they discussed the placement and design of the buttons and decided to use scroll wheels for volume .
abstract: the industrial designer advised that flashy colors and rounded shapes be used .
abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate the logo and including changeable faces .
abstract: they discussed materials for the buttons and the backlight .
abstract: the group decided to use rechargeable batteries and a stand , to use plastic for the casing and buttons , and to not include an lcd screen .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to draw the prototype at the next meeting , and the user interface designer was instructed to finalize the button placement .
abstract: the group finalized the look of the product , and eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip .
action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will draw the prototype design on the smartboard at the next meeting .
decisions: the group decided to use a scroll button for volume control .
decisions: it will be small and yellow , to use one of the colors of the real reaction logo .
decisions: the remote will include rechargeable batteries and will be used with a recharging stand .
decisions: the remote will feature plastic buttons and casing , rather than rubber .
decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will feature a double-curved , rounded square design .
decisions: the group decided to design five changeable faces for the device .
decisions: they eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip .
problems: the group had difficulties deciding on the placement of the buttons , the shape of the device , and whether or not to include speech recognition .
abstract: the project manager presented the agenda and the minutes from the previous meeting .
abstract: the group discussed speech recognition , whether the remote should slide open or fold open , and what type of chip they should use .
abstract: the designers presented the prototype , which resembles an ipod in appearance , and is made of transparent coloured plastic .
abstract: the colours will be changeable .
abstract: the remote has both buttons and a scroll wheel .
abstract: the number buttons have a back-light .
abstract: the group discussed adding extra buttons / functions .
abstract: the prototype was evaluated and received an average overall score of 1.8 .
abstract: the project manager went through the finances , and the total cost came to 12 . 3 euros , although this did not include the cost of the recharger , which was not on the price list .
abstract: the group evaluated the project process , and were generally pleased with their creativity and teamwork , but were unsatisfied with the equipment .
action: the group have to fill out a final questionnaire .
decisions: the remote will be made of hard , transparent coloured plastic , and will come in different colours .
decisions: the remote will include buttons and a scroll wheel .
problems: the designers had not included the slide-out second level in their drawing of the prototype .
problems: the group were unsure how many extra buttons would be needed for speech recognition .
problems: the group felt the information they got was not always useful , or was not given to them at the right time .
problems: it was felt that the group should have received the information about costs before designing the prototype .
problems: the group had problems with the smart board and digital pens .
abstract: the project manager acquainted the team with the tools and equipment around them and then had the team members introduce themselves by name and what role they had in the project .
abstract: the project manager then introduced the upcoming project along with more tools and equipment to the team members .
abstract: the team members then participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals .
abstract: after the drawing exercise , the project manager talked about the project finances and production costs .
abstract: the team then discussed their experiences with remotes and various features to consider when producing a remote .
action: the marketing expert will look at user requirement specifications .
action: the industrial designer will look at the working design .
action: the user interface designer will look at the technical functions design
decisions: the production cost will be 12 . 50 euro maximum .
problems: creating a remote with a minimal number of buttons yet having lots of functions available on the remote .
problems: how to accommodate different television models with one remote .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and then the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote along with his personal preferences for the appearance of a remote .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed the technical functions of a remote and indicated that a user centered approach to designing the interface would be preferable .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed the functional requirements of a remote and user tendencies in using remotes .
abstract: the marketing expert indicated that an ideal remote would include an lcd screen , would not be too small in size , and is easy to use .
abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion in which the team discussed their target group and made decisions on the appearance and functions of their upcoming product .
decisions: the team will not pay any attention to teletext .
decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions .
decisions: the product needs to reach a new market with customers under forty .
decisions: the corporate image must be recognizable in the product .
decisions: the remote will have buttons within the lcd display for power , volume selection , channel selection , digits from zero to nine , mute , a menu for teletext , a battery indicator , to access double digits , screen settings , channel settings , and audio settings .
decisions: the remote will feature an lcd screen .
decisions: the lcd screen will have a separate menu for teletext .
decisions: the remote will shut down when the television shuts down .
decisions: the remote will go into standby when idle .
decisions: the lcd screen will have a low battery indicator .
decisions: the remote will have a rechargeable battery which comes with a charger .
decisions: the remote will be capable of speech recognition if there is enough money left in the team 's budget .
decisions: the remote will allow users to have the possibility to enlarge the buttons .
decisions: the remote will be button-less .
problems: how much an lcd screen costs .
problems: if consumers over forty will want a remote with an lcd screen .
problems: whether to include buttons for teletext .
problems: what sort of power supply to use since the lcd screen requires a large amount of power .
problems: what to do if people forget to recharge the batteries in their remote .
problems: where consumers will place the charger .
problems: whether to implement speech recognition .
problems: whether the remote should feature a regular power button or if the power button should be integrated with the lcd display .
abstract: after the project manager opened the meeting , the industrial designer discussed his preference for making a remote which is single-curved , made of rubber , contains an lcd , has a docking station to recharge the batteries , and uses a simple chip .
abstract: the user interface designer discussed how speech recognition could be useful to users who often lose their remotes , the layout of the interface , and the option to include a scroll device on the side of the remote to access a menu containing extra features .
abstract: the marketing expert discussed the results of trend-watching reports and his preference for a banana-like remote for younger people and a traditional remote for older people .
abstract: the trend-watching reports indicated that products should be fancy , innovative , easy to use , in fruity colors , in soft and spongy materials , and in hard materials in autumn colors with square shapes with round edges if appealing to elderly people .
abstract: the team discussed case shapes , color options , types of rubber , and dimensions .
abstract: the team then made decisions regarding energy sources , components , and the remote interface .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board
decisions: the remote will not include a pen .
decisions: the remote will use rechargeable batteries which recharge in a docking station .
decisions: the remote will use a chip on print .
decisions: the case will be single curved .
decisions: the case will be made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will have a scrolling device .
problems: what shape the remote should be .
problems: whether to use hard or soft rubber .
problems: whether to include a pen to use with the touchscreen on the remote .
problems: what sort of batteries to use .
problems: whether the remote requires a cpu .
problems: position of buttons .
problems: position of a microphone on the remote .
problems: color of remote .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and then the user interface designer and industrial designer presented their prototype for the remote which featured an lcd screen , a scroll button , and a battery indicator .
abstract: the marketing expert conducted a project evaluation of the prototype .
abstract: the team found the remote to be fancy , innovative , fairly easy to use , available in different colors , fairly spongy , difficult to misplace , and targeted to younger people .
abstract: the project manager then led the team in calculating the production costs of their remote .
abstract: the team had difficulty in meeting the the target cost and had to eliminate some of the more expensive components they had hoped to include in their design .
abstract: the project manager then led the team in an evaluation of the project process .
abstract: the team found the project stressful , the equipment useful , the information available to them lacking , and their laptops to be slow and heavy .
action: the team members will go to their own rooms .
action: the project manager will create a final report
decisions: the remote uses a conventional battery .
decisions: the remote will not use a sample speaker and feature speech recognition .
decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip .
decisions: the case will be single curved .
decisions: the case is made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will not feature a scroll wheel .
problems: size of microphone .
problems: whether the remote appeals to younger people .
problems: whether lcd screens and microphones are components or features .
problems: whether to lose the curvature in the design of the remote case .
problems: whether to keep the speech recognition component .
problems: whether to make a remote out of wood or to make a remote with different colors .
problems: whether to lose the scroll wheel .
problems: what colors to make the remote in .
abstract: when the meeting begins the project manager lists the agenda and then describes the project , which is to develop a new remote control that is original , trendy , and user-friendly .
abstract: the group practices using the smart board by choosing an animal to draw and then explaining why they picked it .
abstract: the project manager goes over the product budget and they proceed to have discussion .
abstract: they each identify their individual tasks during each phase based on their role in the group .
abstract: they briefly discuss characteristics of a desirable remote , including medium size buttons , small unit , and work within a good zapping range .
abstract: the team again discusses their individual responsibilities and move on to ponder whether the remote will be multifunctional or only for the tv .
abstract: they decide to first assume it is only for tv and video , but allowing the possibility to add more features .
abstract: they close the meeting upon establishing what each person will do .
action: the interface designer should specify technical functions .
action: the marketing expert will come up with user requirements by doing internet research .
action: the industrial designer should produce a working design .
action: they will receive more information by email
decisions: the product will be sold at 25 euros .
decisions: the aim is to seel 50 million euros .
decisions: the production cost should be half the selling price .
decisions: to get started they will assume the remote to be for tv and video , and reserve the possibility to add features .
abstract: the marketing expert reported on research which shows that users think most remotes are ugly , easily lost and bad for rsi .
abstract: audio settings are rarely used , and the power , channel and volume buttons are used most often .
abstract: the remote should be user-friendly and have a good look and feel .
abstract: the marketing expert and project manager described the new requirements that the target group is users under 40 , the remote should not include teletext , should be only for tv , and should feature the corporate logo .
abstract: the user interface designer showed examples of two contrasting remotes , recommending that they should use the best features of both .
abstract: the group decided to use an lcd screen and speech recognition .
abstract: the industrial designer described how a remote works , and explained that his presentation was incomplete because he had not received the necessary information in time .
abstract: the group discussed what functions to include and the layout of the remote , and the marketing expert drew a possible design on the board .
abstract: they decided to have buttons for the basic functions and make the advanced functions accessible through the screen .
abstract: they also discussed what buttons would be needed to navigate the menu on the lcd screen .
action: the project manager will write up the meeting minutes .
action: the user interface designer will work on the layout of the remote and the lcd screen menu .
action: the industrial designer will work on the functional aspects of the remote .
decisions: the remote will have an lcd screen and speech recognition .
decisions: the advanced functions such as audio settings , contrast and channel programming will be accessed through the screen .
decisions: the target group will be aged 16-40 .
decisions: a teletext option will not be included .
decisions: the remote will be for tv only .
decisions: the remote will feature the corporate logo and colour .
decisions: the screen and microphone will be at the top of the remote .
decisions: there will be leds under the buttons so that buttons in use will light up .
problems: some people had problems using the computers .
problems: the industrial designer did not receive the necessary information in time to prepare his presentation according to instructions , so his presentation was based on his own ideas .
problems: there was some confusion about the the roles of the user interface designer and the industrial designer .
abstract: the marketing expert talked about trendwatching and explained that the current trends are for fruit and vegetable themed products and products with a spongy texture .
abstract: for users , the three most important aspects of a remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , and ease of use .
abstract: the industrial designer talked about the options for energy source , case shape and material , and internal components .
abstract: the group decided on using kinetic energy , and a double-curved rubber case .
abstract: the user interface designer talked about speech recognition and what functions will be controlled through buttons or the lcd screen menu .
abstract: the project manager ran through the group 's decisions so far and led a discussion of their remaining options , including the colour of the case and buttons , and whether the remote should flip open or not .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on the prototype design .
action: the marketing expert will prepare the prototype evaluation .
decisions: the remote will use kinetic energy .
decisions: the case will be double-curved and made of rubber .
decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip .
problems: the industrial designer continued to have problems using power point , and felt that he did not have enough time to prepare his presentation .
problems: the group were unsure about the difference between a single- and double-curved case .
problems: the group were unsure whether they would be able to produce their design for 12 . 5 euros as they had not yet received any information about costs .
problems: the group were unsure whether to use a single- or double-curved case .
problems: the group were unsure about whether the remote should flip open or not and had trouble agreeing on a colour scheme .
abstract: the project manager decided to start by looking at costs instead of the prototype presentation because the original design was too expensive and had to be changed .
abstract: the group discussed which features should be dropped .
abstract: the group decided that the lcd screen was integral to their design , but dropped the speech recognition .
abstract: they decided to drop all the buttons in favour of an integrated scroll push-button , and to use a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy as a power source .
abstract: the marketing expert led the prototype evaluation , based on the new design .
abstract: the group were satisfied with the overall score of 3.1 .
abstract: the industrial designer and user interface designer worked on a drawing of the new design , while the project manager and marketing manager worked on the final report .
abstract: the project manager led an evaluation of the project process .
abstract: the group thought that they worked well together , especially after the first meeting .
abstract: they were happy with the room for creativity , but thought they were limited by the budget .
abstract: they preferred the digital pens to the smartboard . they had mixed feelings about using powerpoint .
action: the project manager will complete the final report .
decisions: the remote will no longer feature speech recognition , but will still have an lcd screen .
decisions: it will be made of plastic instead of rubber .
decisions: it will have one integrated scroll push-button and no other buttons .
decisions: the remote will be powered by a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy .
problems: the group 's original design was too expensive , costing 25 euros , so the remote had to be substantially redesigned .
problems: the group were unsure about which features to drop and which to keep .
problems: the group felt they should have been given the information about costs before designing the prototype .
problems: the industrial designer was unsure about the value of the evaluation score .
abstract: the participants introduced themselves and their roles to each other .
abstract: the project manager introduced the aim of the project and gave a brief agenda for the entire project .
abstract: he then introduced and explained how to use the meeting-room materials .
abstract: the group acquainted themselves with the materials by drawing on the smartboard .
abstract: the project manager presented the project budget and explained that the device would not be made very high-tech due to the small budget .
abstract: he explained that the device would be sold internationally .
abstract: the group discussed their initial ideas of features to include in the design ; the marketing expert discussed usability features , such as the ability to control multiple devices and an lcd screen , to make the product unique .
abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to work on the working design and the user interface designer to research the technical functions .
abstract: the group discussed the timing of when they would make decisions on the features discussed .
action: the industrial designer will work on the working design .
action: the user interface designer will research the technical functions .
decisions: the group decided that it was important to incorporate a feature that would make the product very unique .
problems: the group could not decide whether or not the remote should be able to control multiple devices .
problems: the group had difficulties deciding when to make decisions on the features they mentioned in their discussion .
abstract: when this functional design meeting opens the project manager tells the group about the project restrictions he received from management by email .
abstract: the marketing expert is first to present , summarizing user requirements data from a questionaire given to 100 respondents .
abstract: the marketing expert explains various user preferences and complaints about remotes as well as different interests among age groups .
abstract: he prefers that they aim users from ages 16-45 , improve the most-used functions , and make a placeholder for the remote .
abstract: the industrial designer begins explaining the working design .
abstract: he talks about existing products , most of which use infared since it is simple and cost-effective .
abstract: he suggests adding a speech function , when someone asks where the remote is and it beeps .
abstract: he also explains the various components , materials , and energy sources of a remote , giving preference to a remote with multifunctional buttons and without a receiver .
abstract: the interface specialist presents , talking about the possible components of the remote and concluding that the remote should be simple and accessible without too much functionality .
abstract: the group continues the meeting by having discussion about the possibility of a touch screen , lcd , and other functions .
abstract: the group closes the meeting and goes to lunch .
action: they will receive specific instructions for the next meeting by email .
action: they will fill out the questionaire
problems: the group is interested in incorporating a touch screen by that could be too difficult to use , especially for elderly people .
problems: the group has brought up a number of technological possibilities , have conflicting views about them , and have not yet made decisions about them .
abstract: the project manager went over the agenda .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a presentation about the options for power source , materials and components .
abstract: he recommended using kinetic energy , and having a double-curved rubber case .
abstract: the group decided to combine batteries and kinetic energy .
abstract: the marketing expert reported on current trends among young people for fresh fruity colours and spongy material .
abstract: he explained that the remote should look fancy , and be technologically innovative and easy to use .
abstract: he suggested using removable customisable covers , speech recognition , installing some games into the remote , and implementing a parental control feature .
abstract: the user interface designer talked about having a simple layout with not many buttons .
abstract: most features will be controlled through the menu .
abstract: the group discussed the various options and decided to use games but not speech recognition .
abstract: after a lot of discussion they decided to implement a simple parental control feature .
abstract: the project manager talked about what he had learned at a masterclass on knowledge management .
abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate the company logo and motto onto the remote , including having an animated logo on the touch screen .
abstract: the project manager gave the group instructions about what to do before the next meeting .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on a prototype , using the smartboard . the marketing expert will work on the product evaluation .
decisions: the energy source will be a combination of batteries and kinetic energy .
decisions: the case will be double-curved and made of rubber , with fruity-coloured removable covers .
decisions: there will be a touch screen and not many buttons .
decisions: the remote will include games and a simple parental control feature .
decisions: it will not use speech recognition .
problems: the user interface designer had problems with his laptop while he was preparing his presentation .
problems: the group were unsure about how to implement a parental control feature , or if it would be worth the time and money .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the agenda .
abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototype design , describing the shape and layout of the remote .
abstract: the group discussed colour options and decided to make the standard remote in fruity colours , but with the option of buying different exchangeable covers which might appeal more to older buyers .
abstract: the marketing expert led the prototype evaluation and the group were happy with their product .
abstract: the group calculated the production costs .
abstract: the group were 4 euros over budget , so they decided to make the case single-curved and not to use kinetic energy .
abstract: the project manager led the evaluation of the project process .
abstract: the group felt that only the industrial designer and the user interface designer were able to be creative and work as a team .
abstract: it was felt that the first meeting was disorganised because of poor leadership but the leadership improved in the later meetings .
abstract: the group were also had problems with the digital pens .
abstract: the group helped the project manager fill in the final report before the close of the meeting .
action: the project manager will finish the final report .
decisions: the remote will come in fruity colours as standard with the option of buying different exchangeable covers .
decisions: the case will be single-curved instead of double-curved .
decisions: the remote will be battery powered and will no longer use kinetic energy .
problems: the production costs were 4 euros over budget .
problems: which features should be changed to reduce production costs .
problems: there were not enough opportunities for creativity and teamwork .
problems: the digital pens did not work very well .
abstract: the marketing expert and industrial designer had problems with their laptops .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project , to design a remote control .
abstract: the remote should be trendy , original and user friendly .
abstract: the project manager explained how to use the smartboard , and the group did a tool training exercise , using the smartboard to draw their favourite animals .
abstract: the project manager talked about the budget and projected profit .
abstract: the group discussed initial ideas for the remote , including that it should be a simple design with grouped buttons .
abstract: they discussed whether the remote should include functions for controlling video and dvd players .
abstract: the project manager went over the roles of the participants and closed the meeting .
action: the industrial designer will work on the working design .
action: the user interface designer will work on the technical functions design .
action: the marketing expert will work on user requirements .
action: the project manager will write up the meeting minutes and put them in the project folder .
decisions: the group will design a trendy , original and user friendly television remote control .
decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euros .
decisions: it will cost no more than 12 . 5 euros to make .
decisions: the profit aim is 15 million euros .
decisions: the remote will be sold internationally .
problems: the marketing expert and industrial designer had problems with their laptops .
problems: the group were not sure whether the remote control should include functions for controlling video and dvd players , or if it should only be for television .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer reported on working design , explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components .
abstract: the user interface designer talked about what functions should be included .
abstract: he suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users .
abstract: the basic functions should include an on / off switch , buttons for channels one to nine , volume , mute and buttons for next and previous channel .
abstract: he suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons .
abstract: the marketing expert reported on user requirements , including how users rated the importance of different features .
abstract: he stressed that a trendy design is important , that users zap a lot , and that remotes often get lost .
abstract: the project manager informed the group of new requirements .
abstract: the remote is only for tv , should not include a teletext feature , and should feature the company colour and slogan .
abstract: the group discussed what functions and features the remote should have , and whether to include dvd / vcr controls , a teletext button , stop button , changeable covers , and a base / recharger with locator function .
abstract: the group also discussed making the remote a rounded , ergonomic shape , and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost .
action: the project manager will write up the minutes , and put the minutes from both this meeting and the previous one in the project folder .
action: the marketing expert , industrial designer and user interface designer will have thirty minutes after lunch to work on their individual presentations .
decisions: the remote will have a simple , trendy design , with some kind of special feature that makes it stand out .
decisions: if the budget allows it the remote will include a base unit with a locator function , which will also act as a recharger .
problems: even though the new project requirements stated that teletext was outdated , the group felt they should still include one teletext button .
problems: the group were still unsure whether to include some dvd / vcr functions on the remote .
problems: the group had difficulty deciding what special feature they should include to make their product stand out .
problems: the group were not sure whether to include a base / recharger for the remote .
problems: they were not sure how much a recharger would cost to make .
abstract: the industrial designer talked about the options available for materials and components .
abstract: he suggested that the case should be double-curved , and be made from plastic and rubber rather than wood or titanium .
abstract: he also recommended using basic batteries rather than solar or kinetic power .
abstract: he also mentioned the possibility of using an lcd screen to add something special .
abstract: the user interface designer went over the functions to be included in the remote .
abstract: the group discussed using large buttons for the most frequently used functions .
abstract: the marketing expert gave a presentation on trend watching .
abstract: a fancy look and feel is most important to users , followed by technological innovation and ease of use .
abstract: the younger market also likes the theme of fruit and vegetables and spongy material , which could be implemented through fruity colours and using a spongy material for the base .
abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme , as well as the company colours and logo .
abstract: the group discussed whether to include an lcd screen , and eventually decided against it .
abstract: the project manager closed the meeting and told the group they would receive emails about their tasks for the next meeting .
action: the project manager will write up the minutes and put them in the shared folder , using a keyboard instead of the digital pen .
action: the rest of the group will receive instructions via email .
decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will be available in different colour schemes , but not with changeable fronts .
decisions: the case will be made of plastic and rubber .
decisions: the remote will feature power , skip , volume , mute , teletext and menu buttons .
problems: the project manager had problems using the digital pen to write the minutes .
problems: the group were not sure to what extent the remote should incorporate the fruit and vegetable theme .
problems: the industrial designer was keen to incorporate an lcd screen , but the others were not so sure .
problems: the group were not sure whether to use plastic and rubber or titanium for the case .
problems: they were not sure how to use fruity colours without being too flashy .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting .
abstract: the user interface designer and industrial designer presented the prototype design .
abstract: the remote has buttons for power , mute , teletext , volume and channel up / down , and nine numbered channel buttons .
abstract: the group discussed what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above .
abstract: they discussed adapting the docking station so it could be used with other products but did not make a decision .
abstract: the remote is plastic with different coloured rubber strips on the sides and rubber buttons .
abstract: the marketing expert led the product evaluation .
abstract: the group were generally satisfied with the design but did not think the remote was technologically innovative .
abstract: the overall score was 2.6 .
abstract: the group worked out the manufacturing costs .
abstract: the group had problems figuring out the cost of the docking station and buttons , and did not know which kind of chip to use .
abstract: they discussed using kinetic energy to make the remote more technologically innovative but decided against it .
abstract: they eventually decided that they could not afford a docking station .
abstract: they did not have time to evaluate the project process before the end of the meeting .
action: the group will fill out a final questionnaire .
decisions: the remote will use a simple chip .
decisions: the remote will use a standard battery and not kinetic energy .
decisions: the remote will not come with a docking station .
problems: the group could not agree what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above .
problems: the could not decide whether the docking station should be adapted for use with other products .
problems: the group did not know how much the docking station would cost .
problems: they were not sure what kind of chip they would need or where to find this information .
problems: they were not sure how much the buttons would cost because they seemed too expensive .
problems: they were not sure whether they could afford the docking station .
problems: the project manager wanted to use kinetic energy but the others were not convinced .
problems: the group were dissatisfied with the final product .
problems: they did not have enough time to evaluate the project process .
abstract: after introducing the remote control objective , the project manager demonstrated the smartboard technology they would be using .
abstract: they tested it by drawing animals .
abstract: the project manager informed the group of the budget , before beginning the discussion of current remotes and initial ideas .
abstract: they considered taking the best of their competitors designs and making a multifunction remote .
abstract: it needs to be useable internationally , with few buttons .
abstract: the considered options for the shape of the remote control , imagining how it would fit in the hand .
abstract: the group ended the discussion by touching very briefly on some materials issues , and discussed remote covers .
action: individual must come up with their ideas for the next meeting .
action: the interface specialist will look at button and over all look .
decisions: specific ideas as to components and materials are to be left to the next meeting .
decisions: they will look further at the idea of covers in the mext meeting too .
abstract: there are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for tv only , they should ignore the teletext function , as it is dated , and , also , the remote should be recognisable as a real reaction product .
abstract: the target group will be people below 30 .
abstract: it transpires that customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes , especially if they include lcd screens and speech recognition .
abstract: functions like zapping are very prevalent , as well as complaints about remotes being difficult to learn and easy to lose .
abstract: the function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip , and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver ( the tv ) via infrared .
abstract: the team agreed to follow a user-centred approach and simplify the design by somehow minimising the number of buttons .
abstract: they plan to include an lcd screen to display relevant information .
abstract: other functions are served by push buttons: ok , menu , screen sizing , av , settings buttons , mute , digits 1-9 , power , volume control , channel up / down with the last three types being prominent on the device .
abstract: the exact design and placement of the components will be decided in the next meeting .
action: each member of the team will come for the next meeting with their views on function and design issues that they had not time to consolidate during this meeting .
decisions: the solution to complaints about remote controls being difficult to learn is to focus on an intuitive design instead of a thorough manual .
decisions: the idea of interchangeable fronts was mentioned again ; if it were adopted , the company should be recognisable in all the available fronts as well as the remote itself .
decisions: the team agreed to follow a user-centred approach and simplify the design by somehow minimising the number of buttons .
decisions: an lcd screen is going to be used to display information , but would not be interactive .
decisions: the buttons are going to include: ok , menu , screen sizing , av , settings buttons , mute , digits 1-9 , power , volume control , channel up / down .
decisions: there is no need for a special button to recognise two-digit numbers .
decisions: the less frequently used buttons will not be hidden under a flip , as it had been previously suggested , as there are not that many of them ; they will just be clearly separated from the more important ones .
problems: a discussion on ergonomic solutions like placing the main buttons ( power , channel selection , volume ) where they can be easily reached with the thumb ( as many users complain of rsi ) , did not reach a conclusion as to whether this would actually cause more repetitive movements .
problems: some advanced features , like lcd screen with program information or speech recognition , would be very important in order to attract their target group , but there are costing issues that have not been clarified yet .
problems: there was some disagreement as to whether the lcd screen should be placed at the top or the bottom of the remote .
problems: no consensus was reached regarding the positioning of the main buttons ( zapping , volume , power ) either: should they be placed close together or more scattered ( to avoid rsi complaints ) ?
problems: a special av button for direct access to the video channel , although its necessity was disputed , because there are alternative solutions that make it obsolete .
abstract: for the conceptual design , the marketing expert talked about the public 's preference for looks and texture over technological innovation ; however , they both seem to be more important than ease of use .
abstract: the current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote .
abstract: materials also need to be strong: the marketing expert suggested an iron-plate or titanium front .
abstract: the industrial designer suggested they use rubber push buttons ( and no scroll wheel ) , simple battery ( instead of solar cells or kinetic dynamo ) , and advanced chip .
abstract: speech recognition can be implemented , but it does not link speech commands to remote control actions .
abstract: he also advised that the users within the target group prefer primary colours , soft textures and curved shapes .
abstract: the team drew a provisional prototype .
abstract: they placed the lcd below the buttons .
abstract: if it is implemented , a recording button , microphone and speaker need to be included in the design .
abstract: finally , they decided to have a titanium case with plastic front and the company logo and slogan engraved .
abstract: packages with a variety of changeable fronts will be launched .
action: the industrial designer and the user interface designer will work on a drawing of a prototype , where they will also sort out the details about the buttons .
action: the marketing expert will carry out an evaluation of the product .
decisions: the push buttons are going to be made of rubber .
decisions: the chip needs to be an advanced one to be compatible with the lcd screen that is going to be incorporated in the design .
decisions: making changeable fascias can allow for the integration of this or future fashion trends in the device .
decisions: the team agreed to place the lcd at the bottom of the device , below the buttons .
decisions: tv settings will be included in menus there instead of having separate buttons for them .
decisions: they will implement speech recognition as well , because their target group like such gimmicks .
decisions: the case will be titanium with a plastic front with rounded buttons .
decisions: parts of the front ( like the bottom where the lcd is and the top corner where the logo is ) will also be titanium .
decisions: the chip is going to be a standard one .
decisions: they will launch the product with various fronts to choose from including a couple of basic colours or fruit and vegetable themes to go with the current fashion .
decisions: the logo will be both at the front and the back of the remote ; the company slogan will be engraved at the back .
problems: the team found a possible conflict between the need for strong materials and the customers ' preference for soft textures .
problems: plastic may be strong , but it does not necessarily look it .
problems: the version of speech recognition discussed does not link voice commands to actual device actions .
problems: changing the front colours may make the front clash with the titanium , but it was also thought neutral enough for it not to matter .
problems: they wondered whether to use both the logo and the slogan on the device and where it would be best for them to be placed .
abstract: the id and ui presented the drawing of a prototype .
abstract: it is rounded , with the front made of hard plastic in different colours .
abstract: the back , as well as the lower part of the front are made of titanium .
abstract: the back has the logo and slogan of the company engraved in its middle .
abstract: the buttons include oval digit buttons , arrow-shaped channel and volume controls in the middle ; below those , is the menu ( for the lcd ) and the video button .
abstract: the lcd can be found at the lower section of the device .
abstract: after the presentation , the product was evaluated .
abstract: this was done on a scale of 1 ( excellent ) -7 ( very bad ) on fancifulness , ease of use , finding the device when it is lost , hi-tech features , incorporation of fashion trends , and ergonomic design .
abstract: because it was over budget , titanium was replaced by plastic and the speech recognition was discarded .
abstract: finally , the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity ( generally satisfied ) , leadership ( the process was democratic , not happy with management ) , teamwork ( happy with it ) , and means ( smartboard was ' a disaster ' and the digital pens only good for drawings ) .
decisions: despite disagreement regarding the position of the lcd ( top or bottom ) , the screen was left at the bottom as it was in the prototype .
decisions: the sample speaker was taken out to bring the cost of the prototype down to the original budget of 12 . 50 euros .
decisions: they also decided to replace titanium with similar-looking plastic for the same reason .
problems: there was criticism for the shape of the remote ( thicker at the ends , thinner at the middle ) .
problems: the project manager still disagreed on the position of the lc he would prefer it to be at the top .
problems: the total cost of the prototype was 18 . 6 euros .
problems: the only way was to go to a regular chip , but that would mean losing the lcd screen , which was integral to the design .
problems: replacing the titanium with plastic would have a detrimental effect on the looks of the remote .
problems: the team discussed the possibility to leave the remaining cost at 14 . 10 .
problems: the smartboard was considered a disaster as they could not draw , and the digital pens can only be useful for drawings .
problems: some people thought that there was no advantage to using the smartboard instead of a normal blackboard and chalk , although you can save and reuse things with the former .
abstract: for the first meeting , the task of designing a remote control was briefly introduced along with the plan for the subsequent meetings .
abstract: the group then drew animals to practise using the drawing platform .
abstract: they discussed their likes and dislikes regarding current remote controls , including ease of use , multiple systems and power indicators .
abstract: they then offered suggestions as to what they would like from their remote .
abstract: they would like the remote to be durable , for it to include a device to help find it when lost and not use too many batteries .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting by explaining how to locate his minutes from the previous meeting .
abstract: the industrial designer briefly explained the internal workings of the remote , and mentioned his preferences for power source and case material .
abstract: he also suggested mobile phone-like changeable covers , and the group discussed the profit in this .
abstract: the user interface designer very briefly mentioned some features a remote should have and suggested it should be multifunctional .
abstract: the marketing expert present the findings of the usability study .
abstract: the group then discussed their target group , and what features they might include to attract them .
abstract: the manager introduced new requirements to the project , insisting they were to be followed .
abstract: the group then discussed what buttons they might need , which included menu , numbers , channel and volume changing arrows and mute .
action: the design of the remote control is to be carried out at the next meeting .
action: individual actions for the next meeeting can be found in emails to be sent .
decisions: the buttons will consist of number , a menu button , arrows for changing channel and volume , but also navigating the menu , and a mute button .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a presentation on the interface concept , discussing which buttons will be needed and then looking at some examples of existing remote controls .
abstract: he suggested using a yellow case with rounded edges and the logo at the bottom , and large , clearly marked buttons .
abstract: the interface expert informed the group that young people like curved shapes , soft materials and primary colours , and suggested making a hand-shaped remote in plastic and rubber .
abstract: he talked about the possibility of using a scroll button , and the different chips which could be used .
abstract: the group discussed using an lcd screen , but did not have enough information about costs to make a decision .
abstract: the marketing expert talked about new trends , including the trends for spongy materials and fruit and vegetable themed products .
abstract: the group had a discussion and decided to create two designs , one with an lcd screen and one without , and the interface designer drew them on the board .
abstract: they put off making a final decision about using an lcd screen , scroll buttons and a menu button until they could find out about costs .
action: the interface designer will find out how much an lcd screen will cost .
action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will stay in the room to design the prototypes .
decisions: the remote will use a normal battery .
decisions: the case will be made of hard plastic and rubber .
problems: whether to use an lcd screen or not .
problems: there was a lack of information about the cost of an lcd screen .
problems: if they can use a menu on the tv screen if the remote does not have an lcd .
problems: whether to have a trigger-shaped power button .
problems: whether to use a joystick rather than a scroll button to navigate the menu .
abstract: the industrial designer and user interface designer presented their prototype design , made of yellow rubber and hard plastic , with large , mostly blue buttons , a joystick and lcd screen .
abstract: led by the marketing expert , the group evaluated the prototype on a scale of one to seven , based on a set of evaluation criteria .
abstract: the overall rating was two .
abstract: the project manager calculated the production costs , which were too high at fifteen euros .
abstract: the group discussed how to make the design cheaper , and decided to keep the lcd screen , but to remove the special colour and replace the joystick with regular push-buttons .
abstract: finally the project manager led an evaluation of the project process before closing the meeting .
abstract: overall , the group were satisfied with the creativity , teamwork and available equipment , although the marketing expert thought the smartboard and laptops were sometimes distracting and not that helpful .
decisions: the remote will have an lcd screen .
decisions: the remote will have regular push-buttons instead of a joystick .
decisions: the remote will be a normal colour rather than a special colour .
problems: there was some confusion about the agenda .
problems: the production costs of the initial design came to fifteen euros , so the design had to be changed .
problems: which features should be removed or changed .
problems: which chip would be needed for the revised design .
abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project , describing what the project would involve , the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting .
abstract: he the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using , and the group practiced using the smartboard by drawing their favourite animals .
abstract: the project manager then went over the project budget .
abstract: the industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project , suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared .
abstract: the project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas .
abstract: the user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices .
abstract: they also discussed having glow in the dark buttons , using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and / or a joystick instead of conventional buttons .
abstract: however , they were unsure about what the budget would allow .
abstract: the project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power , but this might be difficult if using bluetooth .
abstract: the project manager closed the meeting .
action: each member of the group will work on their individual tasks .
action: they will receive information from their personal coaches .
decisions: the group will design a trendy , original and user-friendly remote control .
decisions: the remote control will be sold for 25 euros with a profit aim of 50 million euros .
decisions: the remote will be sold internationally .
decisions: the production costs should be no more than 12 . 50 euros .
decisions: the remote will control multiple devices .
decisions: the remote will be sold directly to individual consumers rather than companies .
problems: the group were unsure about whether they would be selling their product directly to consumers or to electronics manufacturers .
problems: it was felt that the low production costs would not allow them to create a trendy high-end product .
problems: whether using glow in the dark buttons and bluetooth would mean that the remote consumes too much energy .
abstract: there are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for tv only , they should ignore the teletext function , as it is dated , and , also , the remote should be recognisable as a real reaction product .
abstract: the target group will be people below 40 .
abstract: the ui preferred an easy-to-use remote to a multi-function one .
abstract: the function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip , and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver ( the tv ) via infrared .
abstract: the use of infrared , energy-efficient power source and cheap circuit was suggested .
abstract: the remote could light up via led 's placed inside .
abstract: functions like zapping are very prevalent , as well as complaints about remotes being easy to lose .
abstract: it also transpires that customers like innovative technology like speech recognition .
abstract: the functions of the remote will include a back button to switch between two channels , volume , program selection , and speech recognition , with a focus on simplicity of design .
action: the industrial designer will look into what would be an appropriate technology to help users find their remote , when it is lost .
action: the project manager will add the minutes into the project folder .
action: the id will present the components concept .
action: the ui will present the user interface concept .
action: the marketing expert will need to find information on current trends .
decisions: led 's can be used to light up the remote .
decisions: using them sparsely , as in mobile phones , could bring down the cost .
decisions: it would be a good idea to integrate a mechanism for finding the remote control , when the user loses it .
decisions: the latter would be preferable to implementing a backlight into the remote .
decisions: a single , large , round button can be used for both volume and channel selection by using the four separate quadrants .
decisions: another button to switch between two channels could also be implemented .
decisions: the remote will also include volume and program selection , and speech recognition .
decisions: a recharging cradle can be added to compensate for the extra energy consumption .
problems: led 's would signify extra energy consumption .
problems: power-saving led 's are available , but these could be more expensive .
problems: it 's difficult to choose a technique to find a lost remote .
problems: they can not install a special button on a tv , and using a special signal , like clapping , is tricky , because it needs to be differentiated from normal sounds .
problems: similarly , using an extra base station would probably be too costly .
problems: adding such features may complicate the design and escalate costs .
problems: there was a challenge regarding the need of the digit channels , based on the fact that they are not often used , and they also look dull .
problems: despite that , customers may want them to be on a remote ; furthermore , they can be designed in a more attractive way .
problems: the discussion also focused on their replacement with speech recognition , as the latter helps with locating the remote as well .
problems: however , this solution may prove too expensive .
problems: an expanded target group may have to be taken into account in order to achieve the projected sales and profits .
abstract: for the conceptual design , the marketing expert talked about the public 's preference for looks over technological innovation ; however , they both seem to be more important than ease of use .
abstract: the current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote , and could also provide themes for other target groups .
abstract: they could also add some rubber to provide easy grip of the device .
abstract: cases can be flat , single- or double-curved .
abstract: they can be made of plastic , rubber , wood or titanium .
abstract: hand or kinetic dynamos , batteries , and solar cells can be used as energy sources .
abstract: possible interfaces are push buttons , scroll wheels , and lcds . a way to make this device different would be to use a scroll-wheel on the side with integrated button for volume control and mute .
abstract: speech recognition can be implemented by adding a sample sensor and speaker on the remote .
abstract: the final decisions also included combined battery with solar cells .
abstract: the team will design a single-curved device with a scroll wheel and speech recognition , in black and yellow , the company colours .
action: the industrial designer and the user interface designer will work on a drawing of a prototype .
action: they will also try to find a way to promote the corporate identity in the design of the look and feel and interface .
action: the id and ui will also have to figure out whether to use rubber just for the buttons and side finish , or for the whole front of the remote .
action: the marketing expert will carry out a product evaluation .
decisions: changeable covers for the remote control can link the product to current fashion trends , but also trends followed by other age groups .
decisions: a scroll wheel will be included in the design .
decisions: a single-curved rubber casing can also be used .
decisions: lcd is not going to be implemented .
decisions: the preferred energy source was a combination of batteries and solar cells .
problems: it is not clear whether a kinetic dynamo can be used , because it is unlikely that a user shakes the remote enough , as one would do with similarly powered watches .
problems: the use of a scroll wheel with integrated button was debated , as not everyone was convinced of its use for this project .
problems: using the speech recognition on the device may not be convenient , since the remote will have to pointing towards the tv at the same time for the infrared to work .
problems: lcd screens may add an extra hi-tech touch , but given all the other features , it might be too much .
problems: the company colours ( grey and yellow and black ) did not seem sufficiently bright and trendy to everyone .
problems: printing an image on the remote to make it more colourful is doable , but can not be done by the manufacturing department .
problems: the front could have a rubber finish , or the buttons will be made of rubber .
problems: it was debated that customers may prefer a total spongy texture , not just in the buttons and the sides of the remote .
abstract: it can be used as a normal remote , but the speech recognition also provides a more advanced alternative interface .
abstract: the speech recognition works as a finding mechanism as well .
abstract: the rubber case is yellow with grey or black , with buttons either made of plastic or rubber .
abstract: an extra button could activate / deactivate the voice recognition .
abstract: the prototype proved extremely over budget .
abstract: the main contributing factors were the solar cell and speech recognition .
abstract: one way to compensate for the loss of features , but still attract their target group , would be to add more colour to the design .
abstract: after the costing , the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1 ( excellent ) -7 ( very bad ) .
abstract: the criteria used were fancifulness ( 2 ) , technological innovation ( 2 ) , ease of use ( 2.5 ) , whether it is easy to find ( 1 ) , sponginess ( 1.5 ) , number of features ( 1 ) .
abstract: finally , the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity ( choices too narrow ) , leadership and teamwork ( happy with it , but they missed communicating in between meetings ) , and means ( smartboard was not satisfactory , but the digital pens were alright , but not too useful ) .
abstract: the delay in providing costs of components was criticised .
action: the prototype will have to be redesigned , so that it is compatible with the budget constraints . . 
decisions: the idea to include a solar cell as a power source had to be abandoned , due to the escalated costs .
decisions: the same happened with the speech recognition .
problems: the prototype proved extremely over budget .
problems: it would cost 22 euros .
problems: the team thought all the changes to accommodate the budget requirements made a very dull device .
problems: it was suggested that they go for a completely simple design so as to maximise the profit , although this was not what was asked in the project requirements .
problems: the device can not be a hi-tech , innovative one any more .
abstract: the goal of the project is to design an original , trendy and user-friendly remote control for tv .
abstract: the team comprises the project manager , the marketing expert , who is looking at user needs , the user interface designer , looking at usability , and the industrial designer , working on the engineering and materials .
abstract: the project will be completed with three further meetings: the following meeting concerns the functional design .
abstract: the project manager gave a quick overview of the equipment available .
abstract: the remote needs to be produced for 12 . 50 euros in order to be sold for double that amount .
abstract: the whole team tried out the smartboard , by drawing their favourite animals .
abstract: afterwards , they discussed briefly their first ideas , including the use of light materials and usability concerns .
decisions: the remote is just going to be for tv .
decisions: the design should generally be intuitive without changes that would render it an unfamiliar object to customers .
decisions: the team will also take into account possible usability issues concerning disabled people .
decisions: they also agreed to choose light materials .
abstract: customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes .
abstract: they like innovative technology like speech recognition and lcd screens .
abstract: it also transpires that remotes are easy to lose .
abstract: everyone agreed that they need to incorporate a locating mechanism in their design , and that changeable covers could make appealing-looking remotes .
abstract: the need for clarity of button functions was mentioned .
abstract: on the other hand , materials should be more durable .
abstract: the function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip , and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver ( the tv ) via infrared .
abstract: there are some new requirements: the target group will be people below 40 , the device will have to be for tv only , they should ignore the teletext function , and , also , the remote should be recognisable as a real reaction product .
abstract: they drew some of their ideas , and discussed the positioning of the buttons and the lcd .
abstract: the most used buttons are going to be placed on top .
abstract: it might be possible to use a charger for the remote .
action: the id will present the components concept .
action: he will also check into the importance and possibility of using rechargeable batteries and a charger .
action: he will also draw some ideas for the shape of the remote .
action: the marketing expert will need to find information on current trends and see into the financial issues concerning the integration of a charger .
action: the team will also examine whether they can use an lcd and / or speech recognition .
action: finally , they will try to think of a name for their product .
decisions: the target group will be people below 40 .
decisions: the company colours and slogan will have to be shown on the device .
decisions: buttons should be made bigger , with clearly defined functions and of durable materials to avoid fading of the symbols .
decisions: it would be a good idea to integrate a mechanism for finding the remote control , when the user loses it .
decisions: a button that sticks on the tv could be pressed to make the lost remote beep , and perhaps also light up .
decisions: the remote is going to be a universal one .
decisions: because symbols may fade , the additional covers could include those .
decisions: the remote will need to be different from those available in the market in terms of shape and colour .
decisions: the important buttons will be on top .
problems: speech recognition and lcd screens could be added to the remote control , but they might be too expensive for this project .
problems: the industrial designer wondered whether the remote should be universal or programmable .
problems: symbols on remotes fade with time .
problems: it may not be technically possible for a universal remote control to create menus for various advanced settings on the tv itself .
problems: different tvs have different functions incorporated in their built-in menus , making it hard to know in advance which buttons you can do without on the remote .
problems: the team also discussed extensively the positioning of various buttons .
problems: using a charger for the remote may be too expensive .
problems: consumers claim they would pay more for a remote with lcd screen , but adding the component might be too expensive .
problems: in the case where it is added , the issue would be whether to place it at the top or the bottom of the remote .
abstract: the ui and id presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design .
abstract: the rubber case is yellow with black buttons and dark yellow for the menus .
abstract: there are buttons for teletext , favourite channel , mute and ok .
abstract: it incorporates both lcd screen and speech recognition .
abstract: the prototype proved over budget ( 17 euros ) .
abstract: the latter was taken out , along with the special colour .
abstract: everyone agreed that the financial information should not have been given to them at the last moment .
abstract: after the costing , the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1 ( excellent ) -7 ( very bad ) .
abstract: the criteria used were look and feel ( 1 ) , whether it is easy to find ( 1 ) , whether it is easy to learn ( 2 ) , use of lcd ( 3 ) , speech recognition ( 7 ) , trendiness ( 2 ) .
abstract: finally , the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity ( satisfactory ) , leadership and teamwork ( happy with it , but they missed communicating in between meetings ) , and means ( smartboard could be improved in terms of response time , the digital pens could not be used on more than one page at the same time ) .
abstract: finally , the decided to call their design triple-r .
action: the pm is going to finish the project report .
action: the ui and id will send him their design to include .
decisions: because the prototype was over budget , the team decided to take out the speech recognition from the design .
decisions: they also discarded the special colour , and decided to rely on the changeable covers for an attractive look .
decisions: the remote control is going to be called triple-r .
problems: the production cost was 17 euros , 4.5 more than the budget .
problems: it was imperative that some of the features had to be taken out .
problems: there was disagreement over whether the special colour should be scrapped and the look to rely on the separate covers .
problems: other solutions , like abandoning the curve of the casing or replace the rubber with plastic were also suggested .
problems: they were also not allowed to raise the budget limit .
problems: the precise use of the lcd was not defined: it could be used for tv configuration , or , if possible , for displaying the tv programme and previews .
problems: although the smartboard was useful to draw ideas quickly , it could be improved in terms of response time .
problems: similarly , the digital pens did not allow the user to work on more than one page at a time .
problems: the team were unable to communicate amongst themselves in between meetings , which hindered the flow of information .