D:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  And we 're on . 
E:  <breath> 
C:  <click> 
C:  <click> 
E:  So , uh  
C:  Time ? 
C:  Fourteen whatever .  




E:  So , topic number one is , we got the NSF ATR  ITR , excuse me , 
E:  which was originally pretty big , but it 's divided among many sites , 
E:  and they , like , cut the budget by a th by two thirds . <laugh> 
E:  So they  they approved it for all the sites , 
E:  but only gave us like sixty - two percent of the money . 
E:  Or , excuse me , cut it by sixty - two percent . 
C:  Thirty - two . Yeah . Thirty . Whatever . 
E:  So , uh , Morgan is , uh  <laugh> 
E:  And the other condition is that they have to get a budget out , like , immediately , 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
E:  or the or they 'll give the money to someone else . So Morgan 's working on that . 
B:  By next Friday . 
A:  Hmm .  
E:  So , I mean , it 's good news . It 's not as good as it could have been but it was , uh  
E:  The  the I T Rs are , you know , a  a  
B:  It 's more money . 
E:  long shot , and so it 's  it 's really nice that we got that . 
A:  What does that stand for ? 
E:  Information Technology Research ? Something like that ? 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Something like that . 
D:  <breath-laugh> Hmm . 
A:  Alright . 
E:  It 's , uh  
C:  Doesn't say much . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , it 's pretty vague . It 's government - run , I guess . 


B:  It 's  it 's um , it 's some money that we can use  
B:  Uh , I mean , we 're in conjunction with uh , SRI , Washington , and , um , Columbia . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . 
B:  And to do research on the meetings . 
A:  Cool . 
E:  Yeah , it was specifically on the meeting . 
C:  Not great . 
E:  So , d was that the one that was the meeting maps ? 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  OK , good . I liked that one . 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  What is meet meeting maps ? 
B:  Mapping meetings , or  ?   
E:  Well , the  the sort of general idea was , you can think about meetings at lots of different levels , 
E:  all the way d from all the way down to acoustics to all the way up to dialogue , discourse , topic . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  <inbreath> 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  And so this  this was , how do you map all that information onto that ? 
C:  <mouth> 
E:  a onto the meeting domain . 
B:  It 's like creating a m a map of a meeting , in a sense . 
E:  So that the  the analogy was you have maps of different things at different resolutions . 
E:  And so , uh , 
C:  Uh , OK . 
E:  So this had a lot of different stuff in it . 
C:  OK . 
B:  It actually doesn't have a whole lot of  
B:  m 
B:  speech 
B:  stuff to it . It 's  
C:  Yeah . Sure . 
E:  It 's mostly higher level . 
C:  Yeah , that 's  
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Higher level , yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  But , nonetheless , I think if we  
E:  It 's a  it 's a cool idea . 
E:  And if we can actually get it  
E:  get it going that would be neat . 
E:  <laugh> 
E:  So  And uh , this was the one also that was , uh , 
E:  Was it with Susan Ervin - Tripp ? 
B:  <mouth> 
B:  I don't remember . 
B:  It might have been . Yeah . We had to get some  
C:  With who ? 
E:  <mouth> She 's a linguist on campus . 
C:  OK . 


E:  Anyway . 
E:  So , other topics I wanted to talk about are , um , 
E:  the DARPA demo which , I guess , since Morgan isn't here we can't really talk about . I just wanted to make sure it was ready to go . 
A:  Yeah . 
E:  Uh , but I guess  
A:  <inbreath> I sent  
E:  Your stuff is all ready so it 's just a question of , did Morgan get around to testing it . 
A:  Yeah , and I sent you an email 
E:  Yeah , I got it . With the instructions . 
A:  with the instructions . 
A:  I don't know . So , Morgan  
A:  I guess Morgan 's leaving on Saturday ? 
E:  Yep . 
A:  So until then , 
A:  I guess we might 
A:  hear something , but  
E:  Yeah , so I guess we ge we had better be on call  for a little while . 
A:  Yeah , exactly . 


B:  Did he ever figure out how to d 
B:  switch between applications like he was wanting to do ? 
A:  <breath-laugh> 
E:  I don't know . I haven't spoken with him . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  He did ? 
A:  Oh - Yeah . 
C:  Switch between applications ? 
B:  How is he gonna do it ? 
A:  It 's just Alt Tab .  
E:  Alt Tab .  
A:  Like if you hold down Alt and then tap Tab , you just  the s just  the Task Manager w window comes up . 
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  Yeah . Yeah , he  
C:  Yes , that 's  
E:  I  I think  
B:  he  
B:  Right . 
E:  I think the problem was that , I was t saying " hit Alt Tab " with the assumption that he knew what I meant . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  But he didn't . So . 
E:  @ @  
B:  No . He said he tried that , but he didn't like it 
A:  We - 
B:  because it , uh  
A:  Well  
A:  <inbreath> <outbreath> 
B:  it took it out of the , um , 
E:  But it doesn't . 
B:  <mouth> presentation mode . 
E:  It doesn't . 
A:  Well , because if you just touch Alt a If you just hit it once ? it 'll go back to the previous application . 
A:  And the previous application was the PowerPoint demo , 
A:  which was the display of like , you know  
B:  Oh !  
E:  And  and all I said was oh just cycle through with Alt Tab because that 's the standard way of doing it in Windows .  
A:  Not the slide show .  
A:  Yeah , he didn't  
E:  But of course he doesn't use Windows . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
E:  So , 
D:  <breath> Hmm . 
B:  Oh , so what do you have to do ? You have olt  Alt Tab and  
E:  he didn't know what I meant . 
E:  Hold down at   hold down Alt , and then tap Tab several times and you 'll cycle through all the open applications . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Ah .  OK . And then it won't  
B:  And then you can come back to your full screen version of your presenta 
E:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh ! 


A:  And I told them , um , if he decides to use multiple examples for , um , the prosody demo , to open up separate Transcribers . 
A:  Just so you don't have to load up files  e during the meeting . 
E:  That 's a good idea . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  So . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  That 's not a bad idea at all , so that , uh  
A:  He 's got the memory for it . So . 
E:  Yeah , and 
E:  since the files are short , it 's just  
A:  Yeah , they 're all really short . 
E:  I mean the Tcl - TK overhead is pretty high , but it shouldn't matter . 
A:  <inbreath> 
B:  How much memory does he have ? 
A:  No . I didn't have any problems  I 'm sorry ? 
B:  How much memory does he have ? 
A:  I don't know , but it seemed  it didn't seem to be a problem at all . I would imagine you add sixty - four to a hundred and twenty eight . 
B:  Hmm . 
E:  I think he had one twenty - eight , eh , but  
A:  Yeah , either one will work , I think . I mean , it was  
E:  It was faster than my PC . So .  
B:  Hmm . 
C:  <breath-laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  Wow ! 
A:  Yeah , it was fine . I think y 
A:  Yeah , I mean  I  I  I  We kinda walked through it a little bit on his p on his laptop . 
A:  I could @ @  
B:  So , are we the only ones who are giving demo ? Or is , uh , 
B:  Washington gonna have a demo too ? or  ? 
E:  I assume . But they 're all doing Communicator stuff . 
B:  Oh !  
C:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  OK . 
E:  So . 
B:  Hmm . 
A:  And it 's part of the talk itself , so it 's really not a big part . 
A:  @ @  
B:  Yeah , I see . 
E:  I mean , the talk 's only twenty minutes . 
A:  It 's just gonna be a couple of   
E:  So . You know , all this time we spent on it 's gonna be thirty seconds 
A:  I know .  <laugh> Right . Uh - huh . 
B:  <inbreath> Oh , my gosh .  <inbreath> 
E:  of screen time .  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Oh .  
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <inbreath> But it 's a good tool to have . 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Yeah , I 
A:  The  th the m the meeting I R stuff is actually  
E:  Actually , both of them . 
E:  You know , cuz we 're gonna wanna be playing with the  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  uh  
E:  help , my brain   
E:  with the uh , 
A:  Prosody ? 
E:  prosody stuff anyway . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  <breath-laugh> 
C:  <breath-laugh> 
E:  Um , so , actually , at some point w 
E:  we should talk to users of that technology who are actually gonna be using it and see what they would like to see . 
A:  <mouth> Yeah , have you guys seen the display ? Have you guys seen either of the demos ? They 're pretty cool , like  
B:  No . 
C:  Nope . 
A:  the prosody demo , we basically w loaded up um , word alignments . So , instead of having um , utterances in the bottom , it 's like just word by word . 
E:  <mike noise> 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  So you can see exactly where the overlaps are .  
B:  Oh . 
A:  And then , um , Adam did something where , um , we converted these feature files into wave files , 
A:  so you can display them . 
B:  Display the features . 
C:  Instead of the wave file ? 
A:  Yeah . Instead of the wave file . And then w using multi - wave you can add a file and play that sound . 
C:  Oh . OK . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Play the audio corresponding to that , 
A:  um , um , feature file , and it 's all like , aligned and stuff . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Ah , great . 
B:  So you see , like , the F - zero contour ? 
A:  Yeah , so you see the pitch contours and you  and when you hit play , like there 's a line that goes through it , you know , and it 's all aligned with like the t 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  the audio and the  
C:  Oh , that 's great . 
E:  Audio . 
C:  Yeah . 


E:  And the stylized F - naught features are pretty cool . 
A:  feature file . 
B:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
E:  So , these  this it 's - does a piece - wise linear and so , normally if you look at an F - naught track , it jumps all over the place . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  This is a nice smooth one and it really does a good job . 
B:  Oh , neat . 
C:  And  there 's something like a median filter in it ? or something ? And uh , and it 's  it 's a linear fit or whatever . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , there 's a  
E:  It 's a combination . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  @ @  
A:  There 's a median filtering and then there 's a piece - wise linear fit , 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  based on some criteria . I 'm not sure . 
C:  OK . 
E:  Uh , t 
E:  G Actually could you email me a reference to that paper ? If you have it ? Cuz I 'm sorta curious how  what criteria it has . 
A:  Yeah , sure . 
A:  I should email Morgan about it too , because he was asking about that . 
B:  <inbreath> <outbreath> 
A:  And  
A:  Yeah . 
E:  I mean , so , there 's obviously a trade - off between the number of knots y you pick , 
E:  and the best fit . I mean , so , if you 're doing a piece - wise linear , 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  you have to figure out how many pieces you want . 
C:  Yeah . Sure . 
E:  And so there 's a trade - off because the best  
E:  the best mean squared fit would be with an infinite number of knots . 
A:  Right , well , then it 's not a linear f fit . You 're not fitting anything then . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
E:  Well , sure it is . But  
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Well   
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <mouth> Yeah . It  
C:  Yeah . 
E:  So  so you  There 's a trade - off and I 'm wondering what criteria they use . 
A:  It 's kind of a useless one . 
A:  <inbreath> Yeah , I actually don't know off the top of my head . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Was this code that you downloaded to do this ? Or was it  
A:  <inbreath> This was um , Kemal Sonmez at SRI , 
A:  who 's a co - worker with , uh , Liz . 
B:  Hmm . 
E:  Dot com . 
E:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  At SRI dot com ? <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . Did I just   <outbreath> 
E:  No , I  you said " at SRI " so I had  to add the " dot com " . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  No , i 
B:  It sounded like a URL , the way you were saying it , yeah . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  <mouth> Oh . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Sorry . 
A:  Um , yeah , but , so Kamal has , uh  
A:  He did a paper on this for some v speech verification , uh , project , and 
A:  we basically 
A:  e extrapolated what he  
A:  what he did for that work and applied it to our files . 
A:  And that 's how we do  
A:  That 's how we get our feature files and everything for all the prosody . 
B:  So what I mean is , like  
B:  the implementation that you used was something that you coded up here ? Or you grabbed code from somewhere else ? 
A:  That  
A:  No , we grabbed most of it . Like , we grabbed the linear fitting stuff . We did all the alignments and 
B:  Ah . 
B:  I see . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  all the matching and stuff , but the actual coding of the  
C:  And  
C:  And the 
A:  the math was done somewhere else . 
C:  These are our F - zero candidates which I 'm supposed to use for the synthesis thing ? 
C:  I suppose ? 
A:  Uh , so that 's what you were working on , right ? 
D:  Right . That 's the same software  I used to get the data . 
C:  Yeah . OK . 
C:  OK . 
D:  I  I gave you a c couple examples , and  
C:  Yeah , I m didn't have time to  to look at that , so . <laugh> 
E:  Hmm . 
D:  Right . Right . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  <inbreath> 




E:  So , other topic is , uh , the IBM  
E:  transcription status stuff .  So we 've sent a few to them . We 've gotten a few back . 
E:  Um , 
E:  I sorta wish Jane was  were here because I think she gave  
E:  Didn't she give one of them to one of the transcribers ? 
B:  Yeah , it 's done now . 
E:  And , how was it ? 
B:  She said it was much faster . It really helped a lot to have that . 
E:  Great . 
B:  So , um , you know , there were a l 
C:  Much faster than doing everything alone . OK . 
E:  Hand . 
B:  From scratch . 
B:  Yeah . So  
A:  From end to en Like , from the beginning of the process to the end of the process ? 
B:  No , f no . So from the point where we s take it , it 's faster . 
A:  <outbreath> 
E:  Well , but that 's what we wanted . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  Right . We knew it would be longer to have multiple groups . 
A:  Ooo . Yeah . 
B:  @ @  
B:  u So it 's sorta like doing things in parallel . You know ? So if , 
A:  <mouth> Yeah , right . 
E:  Right . 
B:  you know , if they can be working on that while we 're working on the other things , then when we get them in , 
A:  <mouth> Mm - hmm . 
E:  Well , pipelined . 
B:  they don't have to do that one from scratch , basically . 
A:  Right . 
E:  The idea is that we 're taking less time of the linguists . Of the transcribers . So . 
A:  Right . 
A:  S 


B:  Yeah , th Right now it is taking a bit of time to turn around the meetings from IBM , part There 's  there 's several problems . One is , um , 
B:  we were giving them these large files , which they then had to split up and put onto cassette tapes . 
C:  Fff !  
B:  So either ninety minute or sixty minute tapes , so they had to try to find an appropriate place to break this large file that we gave them . 
A:  Oh . Well  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So one of the things that we did is , Adam made a modification to th his script that generates this so you can tell it that you want , uh , 
B:  basically , 
B:  uh , chunks that are no more than either thirty or forty - five minutes . 
B:  And then we can give those to IBM and it 'll make it easier for them to put them on tape . 
B:  Um , then the other thing is that these  
B:  pool of transcribers that they 're using , um , sort of are not dedicated to  
B:  to our project , but are in use for all IBM projects , and IBM has recently giving  given them 
B:  uh , a whole bunch of stuff . So it 's gonna , sort of delay us . 


E:  We might wanna revisit hiring our own external transcription company . 
E:  Because I think that would be cheaper than having our people do it , but do it with the same process with these beep files . 
B:  Hmm , that 's an interesting idea . 
E:  I mean , cuz , originally I had disc 
E:  discounted that because it was just gonna be too hard . But now we have this procedure with the beep files worked out . 
B:  Yeah . So the only difference would be , we would be putting the stuff on tape versus IBM . 
E:  Then maybe it would be OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  Yep . 
B:  And then we could send  If  if we had that process down , of putting the audio onto tape , 
B:  we can send IBM the tapes or we can send this transcription place the tape 
E:  And we might wanna do that anyway . Because it seems like that 's being a bottleneck and that 's silly . It shouldn't be a bottleneck . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  I mean  
E:  It would  Once we got it set up it w it  
B:  Well , u u 
B:  So , I don't know where the bottleneck was . Was the bottleneck in breaking this large file up into the 
B:  appropriate size chunks ? or was it actually putting it onto the tape ? 
E:  It may well have been partially that , you know , because they tried it , and then they would have to listen to the tape and find out where it bleeps , and go forward in the file , et cetera , et cetera .  But , uh , 
B:  Exactly . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  it just seems like  
E:  <mouth> it 's not hard for us to do , and that would just make things go faster . 


B:  Yeah , so how do we do that ? How would we put  
E:  Get a tape deck , 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  plug it in to the computer , hit record , 
C:  Plug it into the sound card . 
E:  on the tape deck , 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  and just do it all  all uh , 
B:  So plug i So , like , the headphone output in the back of the computer ? 
E:  analog . 
E:  Well , line out . 
C:  Line out , yeah . 
B:  Line - out into the line - in on a tape player , and   
E:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . 
C:  Yep . 
B:  Oh ! Well , that sounds pretty easy . 
E:  So  I mean , that 's the easy way . They might have a more complex set - up at IBM . I 've seen digital  
E:  digital analog tapes where it 's controlled by the computer . 
A:  <mike noise> 
C:  Yeah , but  
B:  Mmm . 
C:  The easy way is  Yeah . I know . No . Yeah . <inbreath> 
E:  But w 
E:  But we don't need to do that . The  the disadvantage of doing it this way is it 's real time . So you would have to sit there for an hour while it 's recording . 
B:  Yeah . But if it was at your desk or something   
E:  But  
C:  Yeah , but you  Yeah . Pfff .  Yeah . 
E:  Right . It 's not a big deal . 


A:  So , what 's the turn around period right now from IBM ? 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  Well , <outbreath> they  There was  OK . So th <outbreath> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Should we be discussing this ,  uh  
D:  <outbreath> 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  They , um , they gave  They 've given us  
B:  Since we started doing this new , uh , beep format with " beep number beep " , 
B:  they 've given us , uh , I think , two full , 
B:  uh , transcripts . They have a third one and Brian just sent me a note saying " oh , that 
B:  third one somehow slipped through the cracks of their tr of the 
B:  eh  transcriptionists ' , uh , s company " . 
A:  Mmm . 
B:  And so there 's gonna be delay of a week before we get that third one back . And I 've already given him three more to work on , but he said those new three 
A:  OK . 
B:  won't get done until this big chunk of data has been processed by the company . 
A:  <breath-laugh> 
A:  <mouth> 
A:  OK . 
A:  And the transcribers here are still , uh  are working , though . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah , they 're working away . 
A:  Th - they 're just doing their own thing , like , while they 're waiting . OK . 
B:  They 're just doing  Right , right . So what we do is , uh , when I go to um , select meetings for IBM , I go into the um  
B:  well , into the  <paper shuffling noises> the , uh , master sheet here with the statuses and I pick ones that Thilo has , um , pre - segmented , and I change the status to " Trans - IP IBM " , 
E:  Master .  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  so that , you know , when Jane or whoever goes to select the next meeting they won't choose one of those . 
B:  And , um  
B:  So I 'm not picking 
E:  <inbreath> So  
B:  huge chunks , right now , of meetings 


E:  <inbreath> We should at least ask , um , 
B:  for them , but   
A:  Mm - hmm . <outbreath> 
E:  Brian 
E:  if there are any particular requirements for putting things on tape . Is there a particular type of tape that they want to use or anything else like that ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . That 's a good idea . 
E:  And , uh  
E:  And then we should see how much of a pain it is for one of us . I mean the o the other problem is you would wanna r do it on an unloaded machine . 
E:  Right ? Because you wouldn't want it to start stuttering . 
C:  Yep . 
B:  <outbreath> Yeah . 
C:  <mouth> Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Huh . 
E:  And that means  That  that 's more of a problem because y then you have to be there . 
C:  And all  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  And all of the P Cs are connected to the network , too , here . Or , uh , bad . 
A:  What i 
E:  Right . 
A:  You 're just talking about playing it  
A:  and  
A:  recording it , like , real - time ? 
E:  Yep . 
A:  Oh . 
B:  So when that thing  When it stutters like that , is it because there 's a delay getting the data off a disk ? Or is it because there 's a delay in the D to A ? 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  It could be either . I mean , there are lots of different places . It can be delay on the disk , or it can be just load 
B:  OK . 
E:  gets high on the machine . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Um , either IO load or processor load . 
B:  I see . 
E:  You know , it 's a problem with these multi - user systems is that 
E:  lots of processes are running and you don't t really have control . 
B:  Maybe we could do it from a w a PC or something . 
E:  Wha - 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But they are also on the networks , so . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  If you used a line out , too , you have to worry about if you click around and you 
C:  Maybe . 
D:  hit a beep or something . 
E:  That 's true . <laugh> It 'll  That 's right . So you really do wanna be using a machine that 's not  
D:  It 'll beep onto  onto the tape too . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Mmm . 
A:  And you have to record every channel separately . 
E:  No , because we 're doing the beep files . 
B:  <inbreath> Well , you know , I  I think David might have a bunch of o old P Cs , cuz he 's replacing them with these new ones . Maybe we could get one , 
C:  The beep files . 
A:  Oh , OK . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  and just dedicate it to doing this . Not even hook it u Well , 
B:  <mouth> I guess we need to hook it to the network so we can get the files to it , but  
A:  We  
E:  Yep . 
B:  Uh , 
E:  Or you could just  You could have it  no active connection . Just SCP them . 
B:  Yeah . Right . 
B:  And then just use that machine to hook up to the tape . 
E:  Actually , it wouldn't be bad to have that , plus put on that machine a CD burner . 
C:  Yep . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We don't need a powerful machine to do these things , right ? So , one of these old 
E:  No . 
B:  Pentiums that we have   
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Should talk to him about that . 
C:  Or even a DVD burner . 
E:  A DVD burner , yeah . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Hmm .  
E:  <inbreath> I guess the real question is , where would we put it and who would do it ? I guess whoever records the meeting . 
E:  I mean , it it 's not a big deal , but it 's yet another thing you have to do . 
B:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  That 's why I wanted to avoid having to do that if we could , but   
B:  It 's just another   
A:  They couldn't use C Ds ? 
E:  No , because the transcription company does what they do . 
B:  They have a um  a device that , you put the cassette in and it has a foot pedal that lets you go back and forth and stuff like that . So . 
A:  <mouth> 
A:  Oh , I see . 
A:  I see . 
B:  I guess they haven't 
E:  Actually there are a few  I saw a web - based one at one point . 
B:  got a p 
C:  Web - based ? 
E:  Where you could send them audio files over the web and they send you back text files over the web . I should look that up again . 
B:  Really ! 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Y can you send them huge audio files ? 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  Mmm . Mmm . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  You can , but  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah .  
C:  they never will be able to read them . <laugh> 
E:  I assume that you can send them anything that they can access 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Huh ! 
E:  with HTTP . 
A:  Well , they must be dealing with large amounts of data if they 're transcribing , anyway . 
B:  That 's interesting . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  I mean  
B:  Well , that 's true . 
A:  People probably aren't sending them , you know  
A:  an utterance or two . 


B:  Are  How big are these files that we send to Brian ? 
C:  Uh , pfff !  
B:  @ @  
E:  Half a gig . 
B:  Really ? That big ? 
E:  Oh , no , wait . They 're the beep files . Yeah , it 's a p hundred meg . They 're the beep files . That 's right . So they 're smaller . 
B:  I thought it was , like , a hundred megs . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  That 's still pretty dang big . 
E:  Yes . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  Send it via email .  
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  Yeah .  
E:  And we are sending them the compressed ones , right ? 
B:  I don't know . Wha - whatever you generate . Yeah , the last ones you did were compressed . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Were " shortened " .  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Wonder if the ones before that were shortened . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  The beep files , actually  the " shorten " doesn't save a whole lot . 
E:  Right ? Because the whole point is that it 's extracting pie pars parts that are loud anyway . 
B:  Cuz it 's all  
C:  It 's all speech .  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  Mmm . 
E:  So . 
B:  Hmm ! 
E:  I think it only saves , like , half . <laugh> Only .  
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Only . <laugh>  
E:  OK . So I think we just gotta let things slide for now , and see  
B:  Hmm ! 
B:  <sigh> Yeah . 
E:  see what 's gonna happen . Nothing else really to do . 


E:  Um , 
E:  We have new equipment that I 'm gonna try to set up tomorrow . 
E:  New wireless . 
E:  And so , uh  
B:  What will that do ? Is that going to  ? 
E:  Give us a couple more wireless channels .  
B:  Oh , so we can get rid of the uh  
E:  Yep . 
B:  Oh ! That 'll be nice . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  But it involves rewiring . And so , if I could borrow someone tomorrow afternoon 
B:  I should be around . 
E:  to help my brain . You know , just have someone to bounce 
E:  the instructions off of and make sure I don't do anything too stupid . 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , sure . 


E:  Did I have another topic on the  on the list ? 
B:  Experiments ? 
A:  <mouth> Isn't that next week ? 
E:  That 's  
C:  Experiments ? <outbreath> Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I guess that 's probably next . Yeah . 
C:  These are next week . 
E:  Wha - what did I have on the agenda I mailed out ? 
A:  I think it was  Oh yeah , I don't know . 
C:  The demo ? Demo and IBM , I think . 
B:  Something about  
A:  The demo was one of them . 
B:  Demo . 
E:  Yeah , that 's it . That was it . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . I think that 's it . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Short meeting ? 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Short meeting ? Does anyone have anything else ? 
B:  <mouth> Oh , I made a  


B:  Oh , but that 's not specific to Meeting Recorder . I was gonna say I 
A:  <inbreath> 
B:  took some  
B:  a suggestion of Adam 's , and I , um , 
A:  <outbreath> 
B:  created a m CGI script that lets you see the current status of the speech disks . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So if you go to the speech local web page , and then there 's a disk status page . You can click on that and it 'll 
E:  <suppressed sneeze>  
B:  query Abbott , and 
C:  <cough-clears throat> 
B:  give you a  a list of all the disks that we have and then , uh , what 's on each one , and then it shows 
B:  how big the disk is and what percent full it is . 
A:  Cool . 
B:  So . And that 's , you know , each time you go there , it 's updated . So . 
A:  <inbreath> 
A:  <mouth> So , the new disks are installed now ? Or  ?  
C:  So what  what  
B:  The new disks are installed . If you need space just let me know . I have to create 
B:  the p appropriate sub - directory . So we 're s kinda trying to keep  even the scratch ones we 're keeping a little organized , where 
B:  we put a y a U doctor speech data , and then 
A:  <outbreath> Mm - hmm . 
B:  I 'll either create a sub - directory for , like if it 's Meeting Recorder project , or Hub - five or whatever . So we c I just have to create those sub - directories , and  
E:  <inbreath> 
A:  OK . 
E:  Do we have new DD disks also ? 
B:  No . 
E:  Darn . 
B:  No . 
B:  Nnn . 
E:  So , it 's all just scratch . 
B:  It 's all scratch . 
E:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  How are we doing on  
B:  Uh , DE , which is where we 're putting all the meeting stuff  <outbreath> 
E:  No , DE is full . We must be doing it on D F . 
B:  No , it 's D E . 
C:  D E , I think , yeah ? 
B:  D E 's not full . 
C:  D D is full . 
B:  DD 's full . That was the first one . 
B:  Or , that was the last one that w 
B:  filled up , and  DE still had like , last time I looked it was like seven gigs or something . So . 
E:  OK , I guess I 'm just one off . 
E:  OK . 
B:  And each meeting is roughly half  
E:  Half .  
B:  a gig , and so . 
E:  So that means we 're p getting pretty close . 
B:  We 're getting close . Yeah . So . 
E:  Shoot !  
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . <outbreath> 
A:  Are we g just gonna keep recording ? Like , at some point  
B:  Morgan said something about stopping at the end of the year . Like when we get around a hundred 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . 
B:  meetings . 
B:  Um , because there 's gonna be data coming from UW , hopefully by then . 
A:  Cuz u 
E:  I just hate not to get data . 
A:  How m 
A:  <laugh> You 're a data fiend . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> <clears throat> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , it feels funny , huh ? If we have the capability . <laugh> 
E:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , it 's like you build this room up for so long , and then it 's just like , you stop . 
B:  Now that we 're used to recording , it 's like , eh , well , why not keep going ? 
E:  <inbreath> I  The other thing we could do is stop doing the regular ones . 
E:  And try to convince other topics to come in and do some . Cuz I think that would be nice . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  We have right now , like , seventy - five or seventy - six hours 
E:  Yeah , the other thing we were talking about also is once we exp once 
B:  of meetings . 
E:  the disk has been backed up , we don't actually need it on - line . 
A:  <mike noise> 
E:  So another option is to copy it to tape manually so we have the back - up copy and the tape copy , 
E:  the archive copy and the back - up copy . And then just take them off - line . 
B:  But aren't we still using the , uh , compressed  
E:  Once we have the expanded versions . So if we have a ton of scratch disk maybe the thing to do 
B:  Oh . 
E:  is leave those up , and then use  
B:  Yeah . 
E:  And then not necessarily have the original data on - line . 
B:  <inbreath> 
B:  Yeah , we need to figure something out , cuz the  
B:  Abbott is basically  <breath-laugh> 
E:  Full .  
B:  e e We can't add anymore disks to it . We can increase the size of the disks that are on it , but that 
B:  will only take us so far . So , 
B:  um , 
B:  David had the suggestion about , you know , new servers and things like that , and so I 'm gonna 
B:  see if we can talk to Morgan about getting some money for a new disk server . 
B:  And , uh  
E:  Well , that would be pretty tight i in the machine room . 
B:  Yeah , it would have to replace Abbott , basically . 
E:  Eesh !  


B:  Yeah . Well , he  David 's planning to get new servers anyways for all of the main servers . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I think he wants to sorta go with the same type 
B:  of machine for all of these . But , um  
B:  Yeah , <laugh> it 's full in there . Have you seen it recently with all of the new 
B:  machines that we got  uh , the SUN - Blade - one - hundreds ? They 're like stacked up on benches and things all over .  
A:  Mm - mmm .  
B:  It 's really crowded . <outbreath> 
B:  So . 
C:  But they are not yet 
C:  accessible ? The new machines ? 
B:  Oh , yeah . Yeah , yeah . They 're in the  Yeah , if you do a P - make  
C:  Yeah ? They are ? 
C:  Oop .  
E:  What are they called ? What are they named ? 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh ! I 've forgotten now . Um . 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  <mouth> I assume they 're in the P - make pool . 
B:  Yeah . They 're in the P - make pool . So if you do a " reginfo minus show attribute " , and 
B:  uh  
C:  A what ? 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  A r 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  P - make stuff . P - make magic . Or customs magic . 
B:  Yeah . Y 
C:  Oh god .  
B:  You can get a list of all the machines that are available to P - make , by using the command " reginfo 
C:  OK . 
C:  " Reginfo " , OK . 
B:  minus show - ATTR " .  
C:  Maybe you can send me that . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . And then , um  
C:  <laugh> 
E:  If you do " man customs " , it has almost all of that . 
C:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . <inbreath> 
B:  And  I for I 'm not sure what attributes we attach to the SUN - Blade - one - hundreds , but it could be SB - one - hundred . And so if you 
B:  query for f all machines that have that attribute , then you should see the names of the new machines . But . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . 
E:  Do we have an attribute for non - interactive machines ? 
E:  Cuz I was thinking that would be a good one to have . 
B:  Non - interactive  
E:  Ones that aren't on people 's desks . 
B:  Well , there 's sort of . There 's this one called  
B:  There 's the attribute called " no " <outbreath> What 's that called , uh , " n " " no " uh , " no - evict " .  
B:  Which 
B:  is roughly that . 
E:  Y right . 
B:  It 's  Although it 's like it h My machine has it on my desk . So , I do get jobs running on my machine all the time . 
B:  Um , 
B:  But , uh , 
B:  So  so that 's  that 's sort of what it is . 
E:  Yep . 
B:  Uh - huh . 


E:  Anyway . 
B:  <swallow> 
E:  Shall we do digits ? 
B:  Sure . 
B:  <teeth click together> 
E:  <mike noise> And off . 


E:  Transcript L three ten .  
C:  <inbreath> 
E:  seven eight nine , three nine , two one five O  
E:  five O five , four two three , one seven nine eight  
E:  zero eight nine , zero three , one eight six seven  
E:  three five six , two one O , seven one one nine  
E:  two six eight two , six , seven seven three  
E:  two five nine O , four seven seven , four six six three  
E:  eight one nine , five six three , two one one  
A:  <mike noise> 
E:  zero , three two seven , seven six , six three O , two .  
A:  <mike noise> 
D:  Transcript L dash three eleven .   
D:  Two , eight O three , O seven , nine eight two , six .  
D:  Eight three , two four , three eight , seven three , three eight .  
D:  Nine one three , one three O , eight eight six seven .  
D:  One three , five four , one two , two three , seven zero . 
B:  <cough in background> 
C:  <coughs> 
C:  <mike noise> 
D:  Seven , O nine O , O four , seven one one , eight .  
D:  Zero , six six three , nine seven , six nine three , five .  
D:  Two two five five , nine , one seven three .  
D:  O eight six seven , nine three four , four three five seven two .  
A:  Transcript L dash three - one - two .  
A:  One six zero , six five , zero five seven one .  
A:  Nine five one five , three nine eight six , one two nine one .  
A:  Seven five , four four , two four , two eight , four seven .  
A:  Four zero eight three , zero four five eight , eight seven nine zero .  
A:  Five three seven , one one one , zero four nine one .  
A:  Two four four , nine three seven , nine two one .  
A:  Four seven , seven four , four two , three six , four seven .  
A:  Zero zero , nine two , seven six , six one , eight five .  
B:  Transcript L dash three zero seven .  
B:  Six six three eight , O four O five , eight four six eight .  
B:  Two O six , eight eight , seven three eight five .  
A:  <mike noise> 
B:  Six six three , one zero six , five eight seven six .  
B:  Three nine five , five seven four , three three six .  
B:  Six eight five zero , seven four eight seven , eight eight zero eight .  
B:  Three four three zero , three five four five , eight four zero seven .  
B:  Six two six , five five two , five two eight .  
B:  Zero eight , zero five , two six , four eight , one six .  
C:  Transcript L dash three O eight .  
C:  Seven , three six two , eight five , nine four eight , one .  
C:  Nine one four , four zero two , nine three three eight .  
C:  Five zero , five five , three six , five eight , two one .  
C:  One five eight , five one two , eight nine three .  
C:  Six three two , two nine nine , five four four .  
C:  Nine , eight two four , seven one , eight one nine , nine .  
C:  Zero two five nine , eight , five one four .  
C:  Six zero nine two , seven , three four five .  


