F:  Oh , did you do that ? 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  That sounds like a spy code . 
F:  I wanna ask about um , some aud audio monitoring on some of the  um  well some of the equipment . 
F:  In particular , the  
F:  well uh , that 's just what I wanna ask . 
F:  Ba - based on some of the tran uh  i 
F:  In listening to  some of these meetings that have already been recorded there are sometimes big spikes on particular things , 
F:  and in pact  in fact this one I 'm talking on is one of  of the ones that showed up in one of the meetings , 
F:  so I  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  And I don't know what the e electronics is but . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Oh , OK . 
F:  Well maybe  
F:  Then we don't really have to talk about that as an  
F:  I  I take that off the agenda . 
F:  Oh that  
F:  Well , OK . 
F:  Good . 
F:  I 'm wondering if he were to just , uh , specify particular topics , 
F:  I mean . 
F:  Maybe we 'd be able to meet that request of his a little more . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Uh , it would be to use his interface and I was going to meet with him today about that . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  So he has a nice set up that they  
F:  it w it will be efficient for them to do that . 
F:  OK . 
F:  I don't tend to get an invitation myself for them even . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Should we call him ? 
F:  I mean is he  d is he definitely not available today ? 
F:  Should I call his office and see ? 
F:  He wasn't there at cof 
F:  OK . 
F:  Yes . 
F:  OK . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Um  
F:  Well , so um , should we  we don't wan wanna do the recording status first , or  ? 
F:  OK , and the transcribers h 
F:  I , uh , don't have the exact numbers , 
F:  but I  think it would come to about eleven hours that are finished uh , transcribing from them right now . 
F:  The next step is to  that I 'm working on is to insure that the data are clean first , and then channelized . 
F:  What I mean by clean is that they 're spell - checked , 
F:  that the mark - up is consistent all the way throughout , 
F:  and also that we now incorporate these additional conventions that uh , Liz requested in terms of um , um  in terms of having a s a systematic handling of numbers , and acronyms which I hadn't been specific about . 
F:  Um , for example , i they 'll say uh " ninety - two " . 
F:  And you know , so how  you could  
F:  e Exactly . 
F:  So if you just say " nine two " , the  there are many s ways that could have been expressed . 
F:  An - and I just had them  
F:  I  I mean , a certain number of them did put the words down , 
F:  but now we have a convention which also involves having it followed by , um , a gloss th and things . 
F:  You 're talking about the type token frequency listings , and I use those too . 
F:  Y you mean just uh  on each  on each line there 's a one word 
F:  right ? 
F:  It 's one token from the  from the corpus . 
F:  Yeah , those are e extremely efficient 
F:  and I and I  I agree that 's a very good use of it . 
F:  Well that 's  that 's a way  that 's  
F:  You know , the spell - check basically does that 
F:  but  but in addition  
F:  yes , that 's  that 's exactly the strategy I wanna do in terms of locating these things which are you know colloquial spoken forms which aren't in the lexicon . 
F:  Exactly . 
F:  And then you ca then you can do a s 
F:  Absolutely . 
F:  I agree . 
F:  That 's a very good  that 's a very good uh , suggestion . 
F:  And that was  that 's my strategy for handling a lot of these things , in terms of things that need to be glossed . 
F:  I didn't get to that point 
F:  but  
F:  So there are numbers , then there are acronyms , 
F:  and then um , there 's a  he she wants the uh , actually a  an explicit marker of what type of comment this is , 
F:  so i curly b inside the curly brackets I 'm gonna put either " VOC " for vocalized , 
F:  like cough or like laugh or whatever , 
F:  " NONVOC " for door - slam , 
F:  and " GLOSS " for things that have to do with  if they said a s a spoken form with this  m this pronunciation error . 
F:  I already had that convention 
F:  but I  I haven't been asking these people to do it systematically 
F:  cuz I think it most  ha most efficiently handled by uh  by a  a filter . 
F:  That was what I was always planing on . 
F:  So that , you know you get a whole long list  
F:  exactly what you 're saying , 
F:  you get a whole list of things that say " curly bracket laugh curly bracket " , 
F:  then y you know it 's  it 's  
F:  You  you risk less error if you handle it by a filter , than if you have this transcriber ch laboriously typing in sort of a VOC space , 
F:  so man So many ways that error prone . 
F:  So , um , <inbreath> um I 'm  I 'm going to convert that via a filter , into these tagged uh , subcategorized comments , 
F:  and same thing with you know , we see you get a subset when you do what you 're saying , 
F:  you end up with a s with uh , you 're collapsing across a frequency you just have the tokens 
F:  and you can um , have a filter which more efficiently makes those changes . 
F:  But the numbers and acronyms have to be handled by hand , 
F:  because , you know I mean , jus 
F:  Yeah now TIMIT 's clear um  and PLP is clear 
F:  but uh there are things that are not so well known , in  
F:  or  or have variant  u u uses like the numbers you can say " nine two " or you can say " ninety - two " , 
F:  and uh 
F:  I 'd handle the numbers individually . 
F:  It would be separate  
F:  The letters would be separated in space 
F:  and potentially they 'll have a curly bracket thing afterwards 
F:  e 
F:  but I 'm not sure if that 's necessary , clarifying what it is , 
F:  so gloss of  whatever . 
F:  I don't know if that 's really necessary to do that . 
F:  Maybe it 's a nice thing to do because of it then indicating this is uh , a step away from i indicating that it really is intentional that those spaces are there , 
F:  and indicating why they 're there to indicate that it 's uh <inbreath> the you know ,  uh enumerated , or i 
F:  it 's not a good way of saying  
F:  but it 's  it 's the <inbreath> specific uh way of stating these  these letters . 
F:  And so anyway , the clean  those are those things 
F:  and then channelized is to then um , get it into this multichannel format . 
F:  And at that point then it 's ready for use by Liz and Don . 
F:  But that 's been my top priority  beyond getting it tanel channelized , 
F:  the next step is to work on tightening up the boundaries of the time bins . 
F:  And uh , Thilo had a  e e a breakthrough with this  this last week in terms of getting the channel - based um uh s s speech - nonspeech segmentation um , up and running 
F:  and I haven't  I haven't been able to use that yet 
F:  cuz I 'm working 
F:  s re 
F:  this is my top priority  get the data clean , and channelized . 
F:  Oh yes . 
F:  Well you see that 's part of the cleaning process . 
F:  I spent um 
F:  actually um I have a segment of ten minutes that was transcribed by two of our transcribers , 
F:  and I went through it last night , it 's  it 's almost spooky how similar these are , word for word . 
F:  And there are some differences in commas cuz commas I  I left them discretion at commas . 
F:  Uh  and so 
F:  because it 's not part of our st of our ne needed conventions . 
F:  And um , 
F:  and  so they 'll be a difference in commas , 
F:  but it 's word - by - word the same , in  in huge patches of the data . 
F:  And I have t ten minute stretch where I can  where I can show that . 
F:  And  and sometimes it turns out that one of these transcribers has a better ear for technical jargon , 
F:  and the other one has a better ear for colloquial speech . 
F:  So um , the one i i the colloquial speech person picked up " gobbledy - gook " . 
F:  And the other one didn't . 
F:  And on this side , this one 's picking up things like " neural nets " and the one that 's good on the sp o on th the vocabulary on the uh colloquial didn't . 
F:  It was an interesting approximation , put in parentheses , 
F:  cuz I have this convention that , i if they 're not sure what it was , they put it in parentheses . 
F:  So they tried to approximate it , but it was  
F:  it was spelled GABBL  
F:  Yes . 
F:  More of an attempt to  
F:  I mean apparently it was very clear to her that these  the a this  this was a sound  these are the sounds , 
F:  but  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But she knew that she didn't know it . 
F:  Maybe it was a technical ter 
F:  exactly . 
F:  But she  even though her technical perception is just really  uh you 
F:  know I 've  I 'm tempted to ask her if she 's taken any courses in this area or if she 's taken cognitive science courses 
F:  then cuz " neural nets " and  oh she has some things that are  oh " downsampled " , she got that right . 
F:  And some of these are rather  uh unexpected . 
F:  But ch ten solid uh  m ch s chunk of ten solid minutes where they both coded the same data . 
F:  And um  
F:  Yes exactly . 
F:  And that 's part of this  
F:  Eleven hours . 
F:  Yes it is . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  It 'd be more than that 
F:  because I  my recollection is the minutes  that da digits don't take more than half a minute . Per person . 
F:  But um  the  the total set that I gave them is twelve hours of tape , 
F:  But they haven't gotten to the end of that yet . 
F:  So they 're still working  some of them are  Two of them are still working on completing that . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . They are . 
F:  Mm - hmm . They 're very efficient . 
F:  There 're some who have more hours that they devote to it than others . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I have one question . 
F:  So are you thinking that um the person would have a transcript and go strictly from the transcript ? 
F:  Because I  I do think that there 's a benefit to being able to hear the tone of voice and the  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  The other thing too is it seems like  
F:  Go ahead . 
F:  I also  
F:  mm - hmm . 
F:  The  
F:  I agree that the consent forms were  uh , I cons 
F:  agree with what Adam 's saying , that <inbreath> um , the consent form did leave open this possibility that they could edit things which they found offensive whe whether they said them or didn't say them . 
F:  And the other thing is from the standpoint of the l of the l 
F:  I 'm not a law lawyer , 
F:  but it strikes me that <inbreath> uh , we wouldn't want someone to say " oh yes , I was a little concerned about it 
F:  but <inbreath> it was too hard to access " . 
F:  So I think it 's kind of nice to have this facility to listen to it . 
F:  Now  in terms of like editing it by hand , I mean I think it 's  i some people would find that easier to specify the bleep part by having a document they edited . 
F:  But  but it seems to me that sometimes um , you know i if a person had a bad day , and they had a tone in their voice that they didn't really like , you know it 's nice  it 's nice to be able to listen to it and be sure that that was OK . 
F:  That 's true . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Cuz you could send it through email you 're thinking . 
F:  Good . 
F:  For security ? 
F:  Yeah , OK good . 
F:  Good point . 

F:  You could mail it to them . 
F:  Get an a mailing address . 
F:  But I think it 's easier to drop in the box . 
F:  Oh that 's interesting . 
F:  So much fun . 
F:  Well I guess  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Not everyone gets a password , unless they ask for it . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I 'm also concerned about the spirit of the  of the informed consent thing . 
F:  Cuz I think if they feel that uh , it 's  I th I th 
F:  You know , if it turns out that something gets published in this corpus that someone really should have eliminated and didn't detect , then it could have been because of their own negligence that they didn't pursue that next level and get the password and do that , 
F:  um , but  but they might be able to argue " oh well it was cumbersome , and I was busy and it was gonna take me too much time to trace it down " . 
F:  So it could that the burden would come back onto us . 
F:  So I 'm a little bit worried about uh , making it harder for them , from the legal standpoint . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Or we could print it up for them , 
F:  I mean we could offer that  
F:  but  but there 's uh , another aspect to that and that is that in the informed consent form , um , my impression is that they  that we offered them at the very least that they definitely would have access to the transcript . 
F:  And  and I ha 
F:  I don't know that there 's a chance of really skipping that stage . 
F:  I mean I  I thought that you were  
F:  Maybe I misinterpreted what you said but it 's  
F:  Giving it to them . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Alright . 
F:  Fine . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Fair enough . 
F:  Sh - sh 
F:  well I could  
F:  I 'm closer . 
F:  I could  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  That is true . 
F:  I don't know  
F:  Oh yeah yeah  
F:  oh I know . 
F:  Yeah that 's true . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  Well that 's more open than I realized . 
F:  Tha - that 's true . 
F:  That 's more severe , but the next one says the transcript will be around . 
F:  And it doesn't  really say we 'll send it to you , 
F:  or wi it 'll be available for you on the web , or anything . 
F:  At least it more often . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  It means also we don't have to g To give it to them . 
F:  I mean like  like Morgan was saying they  they  
F:  It 's available to them if they ask for it . 
F:  Good . 
F:  Great . 
F:  Great , great . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I agree . 
F:  Al - Also it ther there is this other question , the legal question that  that Adam 's raised , uh about whether we need a concrete signature , or email c i suffices or whatever 
F:  and I don't know how that works . 
F:  i There 's something down there about " if you agree to  " 
F:  Ah . 
F:  Fine . 
F:  Good . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Great . 
F:  Well  
F:  Well I s 
F:  I also have this  
F:  I  I think it 's nice you have it uh , viewab her  hearable on the  on the web for those who might wonder about um , the non nonverbal side , 
F:  I mean I  I agree that our bias should be as  as expressed here , 
F:  and  but I  I think it 's nice that a person could check . 
F:  Cuz sometimes you know you  the words on a  on the page , come out soun sounding different in terms of the  social dynamics if they hear it . 
F:  And I realize we shouldn't emphasize that people  you know , shouldn't borrow trouble . 
F:  What it comes down to but  
F:  Oh , you know , or what if there was an error in the transcript that didn't get detected and there was a whole uh  i segment a against some  <laugh> personal <laugh> i th 
F:  Yeah exactly 
F:  Or  or even  <inbreath> or even  there was a  a line you know about how " hmm - mmm - mmm  Bill Gates duh - duh - duh - duh . " 
F:  but  but it was all  the words were all visible , but they didn't end up i some there was a slip in the transcript . 
F:  Yeah that 's true . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So I don't know . 
F:  I mean , I  I guess we 're assuming that the transcript is a close enough approximation and that  that my double checking will be  so close to absolutely perfect that it  that nothing will slip by . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  I don't know how to notate that . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
F:  Yeah that 's right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Or if for 
F:  leave it on their voice mail . 
F:  You know I just realized something , which is of  e th this question about the  uh the possible mismatch of  
F:  I mean i 
F:  well , and actually also the lawyer saying that um , we shouldn't really have them  have the people believing that they will be cleared by our checks . 
F:  You know ? 
F:  I mean . So it 's like i in a way it 's  it 's nice to have the responsibility still on them to listen to the tape and  and hear the transcript , 
F:  to have that be the  
F:  Yeah , OK , fair enough . 
F:  And they 're s they 're absorbing the responsibility themselves . 
F:  So it 's not  it 's not um  
F:  Yeah , good . 
F:  It is true that tec that the content is technical , 
F:  I  and so i and we 're not having these discussions which  
F:  I  I mean , when I listen to these things , I don't find things that are questionable , in other people 's speech or in my own . 
F:  Just  
F:  It should be very rare . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , OK . 
F:  Oh , did you do that ? 
