G:  so they 'll have a little bit more natural interaction ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The data collection script has been slightly modified, so that it encourages more natural dialogue between the subjects and the "wizard".

C:  And um we have a little description of asking peop subjects to contact Fey for you know recruiting them for our thing 
C:  however there is always more people in a  in a facul uh in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else 's class at the moment 
C:  And then we 're going to have another  we 're gonna have w another trial run 
abst_sum - abstract: Another trial run will take place, while a call to recruit subjects is being emailed to students.

C:  Um , the basic requirement is fulfilled almost . 
C:  you can speak into it and ask for TV and movie information 
abst_sum - abstract: Meanwhile, the translation of the TV and cinema information system to english is almost complete.

None
abst_sum - abstract: This was the basic requirement of the project.

C:  Then uh on to the modeling . 
C:  In the future though , the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an  an action and a domain object but an action , a domain object , and a rich action description , 
abst_sum - abstract: On the other hand, there was a presentation of the model that offers more elaborate action planning for SmartKom, of which Enter/View/Approach (EVA) modes are a part.

B:  Inside of Enter there will be roles that can be filled basically . 
abst_sum - abstract: These modes will form categories of complete XML schemas with information filled in from the language understanding in a more elaborate way than the current Object-"Go Action"-Object model.

C:  The idea is , so , imagine we have a library of schema 
C:  such as the Source - Path - Goal 
E:  Well one of the types of action schemas is Source - Path - Goal action . 
abst_sum - abstract: These categories will, in turn, be linked with action schemas, one of which is Source-Path-Goal (SPG).

C:  The idea is , so , imagine we have a library of schema 
B:  So if you wanted to have a new type of action you 'd create a new type of category . 
abst_sum - abstract: Categories and action schemas can have -in theory- any number of blocks depending on the expansion of the domain.

C:  meaning we can reference . 
C:  and link it to another one , and this not only within a document but also via documents , 
abst_sum - abstract: The notation provides for linking and referencing between different schemas.

B:  And then those actions can be in multiple categories at the same time if necessary . 
C:  it 's  it 's crucially necessary , is that we can have multiple schemas and multiple action schemas in parallel . 
abst_sum - abstract: The model also allows for multiple action schemas to be triggered in parallel.

C:  Um and I agree that you know this is something we need to discuss , 
abst_sum - abstract: However, the structure of the model is open for discussion, since its use was to elicit discussion and highlight issues.

C:  Um , so we 're about to collect data 
C:  And um we have a little description of asking peop subjects to contact Fey for you know recruiting them for our thing 
abst_sum - decisions: As the data collection is about to start, a call for the recruitment of subjects is going to be sent out.

C:  however there is always more people in a  in a facul uh in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else 's class at the moment 
abst_sum - decisions: The main pool of subjects is going to be the student community in the institute.

C:  there the idea is now that next actually we  we need to hire one more person to actually do that job 
abst_sum - decisions: Along with the "wizard", who is going to be an integral part of the experiments, another person needs to be hired as the instructor for the tasks involved in them.

C:  Meeting time rescheduling . 
G:  I n Didn't you say something about Friday , 
abst_sum - decisions: Meetings were rescheduled and are now going to take place on Fridays.

F:  So I mean clearly there 's  I can talk about the um the parser changes on Friday at least , 
abst_sum - decisions: For the next meeting, there is going to be a presentation of the modifications in the parser module of the basic system.

C:  and  and this is on  on a  on  on my list of things until next  next week . 
C:  Yeah , we  I will promise for the next time to have fleshed out N  XML examples for a  a run through and  and see how this  this then translates , 
abst_sum - decisions: Additionally, the proposed XML model will be put to the test with concrete data.

C:  and um if you can get that binding point also maybe with a nice example that would be helpful for Johno and me . 
abst_sum - decisions: Similarly, such examples will clarify issues relating to the binding and redundancy of features with common characteristics amongst the shcemas (eg "Container" for Enter and "Goal" for SPG).

C:  Um and then , secondly , we had , you may remember , um the problem with the re - phrasing , 
C:  that subject always re - phrase sort of the task that uh we gave them , 
abst_sum - problems: Subjects in the trial runs of the experiment were given detailed descriptions of the tasks, which led to the subsequent dialogue being a re-iteration or re-phrasing of the instructions.

C:  However , not only was  the common census were  among all participants of Friday 's meeting was it 's gonna be very laborious to  to make these drawings for each different things , 
C:  So all of a sudden we 'll get descriptions of pictures in there . 
abst_sum - problems: Using pictures instead would be one way to deal with the problem, however, it was deemed too laborious and it would divert the focus of the experiment.

B:  And the problem is , is that the current system does not distinguish between goes of type " going into " , goes of type " want to go to a place where I can take a picture of " , et cetera . 
C:  In the future though , the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an  an action and a domain object but an action , a domain object , and a rich action description , 
abst_sum - problems: As the original action planner of the SmartKom system only included a generic SPG schema, a new module was presented that allows for variety in the user intentions to be included.

C:  Well , I think we 're gonna hit a lot of interesting problems 
C:  Um and I agree that you know this is something we need to discuss , 
abst_sum - problems: This being only a model, there are several issues that will need to be clarified in the future.

C:  It 's also a question of the recursiveness and  and a hier hierarchy um in there . 
abst_sum - problems: How the model deals with redundancy of information among categories and action schemas, and whether a flat or a hierarchical model would be preferable are two of them.

C:  And it 's gonna get more and more complex the  the l complexer and larger our domains get . 
abst_sum - problems: What is also clear is that as the domain of research broadens beyond the study of EVA modes, the complexity of the model will also increase.

