C:  Now you can all turn off your  
C:  Thanks . 
C:  OK , wh wh 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Some in some introductions are in order . 
C:  OK . 
C:  So . 
C:  Um . For those who don't know  
C:  Everyone knows me , 
C:  this is great . 
C:  Um , apart from that , sort of the old gang , Johno and Bhaskara have been with us from  from day one 
C:  and um they 're engaged in  in various activities , some of which you will hear about today . 
C:  Ami is um our counselor and spiritual guidance 
C:  and um also interested in problems concerning reference of the more complex type , 
C:  and um he sits in as a interested participant and helper . 
C:  Is that a good characterization ? 
C:  I don't know . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Keith is not technically one of us yet , 
C:  ha - ha . 
C:  but um it 's too late for him now . 
C:  So . 
C:  Um . 
C:  Officially I guess he will be joining us in the summer . 
C:  And um hopefully it is by  by means of Keith that we will be able to get a b a better formal and a better semantic um idea of what a construction is 
C:  and um how we can make it work for us . 
C:  Additionally his interest um surpasses um English 
C:  because it also entails German , 
C:  an extra capability of speaking and writing and understanding and reading that language . 
C:  And um , is there anyone who doesn't know Nancy ? 
C:  Do you  do you know Nancy ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . 
C:  And um Fey is with us as of six days ago officially ? 
C:  Officially , 
C:  but in reality already um much much longer 
C:  and um um next to some  some more or less bureaucratic uh stuff with the  the data collection she 's also the wizard in the data collection 
C:  Um , 
C:  we 're sticking with the term " wizard " , 
C:  OK . 
C:  and um 
C:  Sorceress , I think . 
C:  wizard 
C:  uh by by popular vote 
C:  um 
C:  OK , um , why don't we get started on that subject anyways . 
C:  Um , so we 're about to collect data 
C:  and um the uh s the following things have happened since we last met . 
C:  When will we three meet again ? 
C:  And um 
C:  what happened is that um , " A " ,  there was some confusion between you and Jerry with the  that leading to your talking to Catherine Snow , 
C:  and he was uh he  he agreed completely that some something confusing happened . 
C:  Um his idea was to get sort of the l the lists of mayors of the department , 
C:  the students . 
C:  It  it 's exactly how you interpreted it , 
C:  sort of s 
C:  Ma - majors , majors . 
C:  " Mayors " . 
C:  Majors . 
C:  Majors 
C:  and um just sending the  the little write - up that we did on to those email lists 
C:  uh  
C:  Yep , yep , yep . 
C:  OK . 
C:  So . 
C:  So , that is uh  
C:  Yep . 
C:  And  
C:  Yep . 
C:  Wonderful . 
C:  And um we have a little description of asking peop subjects to contact Fey for you know recruiting them for our thing 
C:  and um there was some confusion as to the consent form , which is basically that  that what what you just signed 
C:  and since we have one already um  
C:  Um well he said um we  definitely " yes " , 
C:  however there is always more people in a  in a facul uh in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else 's class at the moment 
C:  and one should sort of reach out and try and get them all . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Do it . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  As a matter of fact , if you  
C:  if  
C:  Now , i 
C:  How  however I suggest that if you  if you look at your email carefully you may think  you may find that you already have it . 
C:  Maybe . 
C:  OK . 
C:  W we 'll see . 
C:  Anyhow , 
C:  um the uh 
C:  Yeah , not only 
C:  Also we will talk about Linguistics and of course Computer Science . 
C:  Um and then , secondly , we had , you may remember , um the problem with the re - phrasing , 
C:  that subject always re - phrase sort of the task that uh we gave them , 
C:  and so we had a meeting on Friday talking about how to avoid that , 
C:  and it proved finally fruitful in the sense that we came up with a new scenario for how to get the  the subject m to really have intentions 
C:  and sort of to act upon those , 
C:  and um 
C:  there the idea is now that next actually we  we need to hire one more person to actually do that job 
C:  because it  it 's getting more complicated . 
C:  So if you know anyone interested in  in what i 'm about to describe , tell that person to  to write a mail to me or Jerry soon , 
C:  fast . 
C:  Um <mouth> the idea now is to sort of come up with a high level of sort of abstract tasks 
C:  " go shopping " 
C:  um " take in uh a batch of art " 
C:  um 
C:  " visit  
C:  do some sightseeing " 
C:  blah - blah - blah - blah - blah , 
C:  sort of analogous to what Fey has started in  in  in compiling  compiling here 
C:  and already  she has already gone to the trouble of  of anchoring it with specific um o  um entities and real world places you will find in Heidelberg . 
C:  And um . 
C:  So out of these f s these high level categories the subject can pick a couple , 
C:  such as if  if there is a cop uh a category in emptying your roll of film , the person can then decide " OK , I wanna do that at this place " , 
C:  sort of make up their own itinerary a and  and tasks 
C:  and the person is not allowed to take sort of this h high level category list with them , 
C:  but uh 
C:  the person is able to take notes on a map that we will give him and the map will be a tourist 's sort of schematic representation with  with symbols for the objects . 
C:  And so , the person can maybe make a mental note that " ah yeah I wanted to go shopping here " 
C:  and " I wanted to maybe take a picture of that " 
C:  and " maybe um eat here " 
C:  and then goes in and solves the task with the system , 
C:  IE  Fey , 
C:  and um 
C:  and we 're gonna try out that  
C:  Any questions ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . Yeah . 
C:  Hopefully . 
C:  Yeah it 's a schematic tourist map . 
C:  So it 'll be uh i it 'll still require the  that information 
C:  and An 
C:  N not  not  not really the street network . 
C:  Nuh . 
C:  Yeah a 
C:  and um 
C:  the map is more a means for them to have the buildings and their names 
C:  and maybe some ma ma major streets and their names 
C:  and we want to maybe ask them , if you have  get it sort of isolated street 
C:  the  the , whatever , 
C:  " River Street " , 
C:  and they know that  they have decided that , yes , that 's where they want to do this kind of action um that they have it with them and they can actually read them 
C:  or sort of have the label for the object 
C:  because it 's too hard to memorize all these st strange German names . 
C:  And then we 're going to have another  we 're gonna have w another trial run 
C:  IE the first with that new setup tomorrow at two 
C:  and we have a real interesting subject which is Ron Kay 
C:  for who  those who know him , he 's the founder of ICI . 
C:  So he 'll  he 's around seven seventy years old , or something . 
C:  And he also approached me and he offered to help <mouth> um our project 
C:  and he was more thinking about some high level thinking tasks 
C:  and <laugh> I said " sure we need help 
C:  you can come in as a subject " 
C:  and he said " OK " . 
C:  So that 's what 's gonna happen , tomorrow , 
C:  data . 
C:  New  new set up . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Which I 'll hopefully sort of scrape together t 
C:  But , thanks to Fey , we already have sort of a nice blueprint and I can work with that . 
C:  Questions ? 
C:  Comments on that ? 
C:  If not , we can move on . 
C:  No ? 
C:  No more questions ? 
C:  Hmm ? 
C:  Um are you familiar with  with the  with the very rough setup of the data ? 
C:  experiment ? 
C:  Talk to a machine and it breaks down and then the human comes on . 
C:  The question is just sort of how do we get the tasks in their head that they have an intention of doing something and have a need to ask the system for something without giving them sort of a clear wording or phrasing of the task . 
C:  Because what will happen then is that people repeat  repeat ,  or as much as they can , of that phrasing . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah , we  we  we will sort of get a protocol of the prior interaction , 
C:  right ? 
C:  That 's where the instructor , the person we are going to hire , um and the subjects sit down together with these high level things 
C:  and so 
C:  th the q first question for the subject is , " so these are things , you know , we thought a tourist can do . 
C:  Is there anything that interests you ? " 
C:  And the person can say " yeah , sure sh 
C:  this is something I would do . 
C:  I would go shopping " . 
C:  Yeah ? 
C:  and then we can sort of  this s instructor can say " well , uh then you  you may want to find out how to get over here 
C:  because this is where the shopping district is " . 
C:  No . 
C:  Just sort of  OK , what  what  what would you like to buy 
C:  and then um OK there you wanna buy a whatever cuckoos clocks 
C:  OK and the there is a store there . 
C:  So the task then for that person is t finding out how to get there , 
C:  right ? 
C:  That 's sort of what 's left . 
C:  And we know that the intention is to enter because we know that the person wants to buy a cuckoos clock . 
C:  Hopefully . 
C:  Hopefully . 
C:  Yes . In a sense that 's exactly the  the  the idea , 
C:  which is never possible in a  in a s in a lab situation , 
C:  nuh ? 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  We had exactly that on our list of possible way things 
C:  so we  uh I even made a sort of a silly thing how that could work , how you control you are here 
C:  you  you want to know how to get someplace , 
C:  and this is the place 
C:  and it 's a museum 
C:  and you want to do some 
C:  and  and  and there 's a person looking at pictures . 
C:  So , you know , this is exactly getting someplace with the intention of entering and looking at pictures . 
C:  However , not only was  the common census were  among all participants of Friday 's meeting was it 's gonna be very laborious to  to make these drawings for each different things , 
C:  all the different actions , if at all possible , 
C:  and also people will get caught up in the pictures . 
C:  So all of a sudden we 'll get descriptions of pictures in there . 
C:  And people talking about pictures and pictorial representations 
C:  and  um 
C:  I would s I would still be willing to try it . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  We will  
C:  Yeah , 
C:  they will have no more linguistic matter in front of them when they enter this room . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Then I suggest we move on to the  to 
C:  we have um uh the EDU Project , 
C:  let me make one more general remark , has sort of two  two side uh um actions , its um action items that we 're do dealing with , 
C:  one is modifying the SmartKom parser and the other one is modifying the SmartKom natural language generation module . 
C:  And um this is not too complicated 
C:  but I 'm just mentioning it  
C:  put it in the framework 
C:  because this is something we will talk about now . 
C:  Um , I have some news from the generation , 
C:  do you have news from the parser ? 
C:  By that look I  
C:  OK . 
C:  Yeah , 
C:  wonderful . 
C:  Um , did you run into problems or did you run into not h having time ? 
C:  OK , so that 's good . 
C:  That 's better than running into problems . 
C:  And um I  I do have some good news for the natural language generation however . 
C:  And the good news is I guess it 's done . 
C:  Uh , meaning that Tilman Becker , who does the German one , actually took out some time and already did it in English for us . 
C:  And so the version he 's sending us is already producing the English that 's needed to get by in version one point one . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I  I  it  even though the generator is a little bit more complex 
C:  and it would have been , not changing one hundred words but maybe four hundred words , 
C:  but it would have been 
C:  but this  this is I guess good news , 
C:  and the uh  the time 
C:  and especially Bhaskara 
C:  and uh  and um  
C:  Oh do I have it here ? 
C:  No . 
C:  The time is now pretty much fixed . 
C:  It 's the last week of April until the fourth of May 
C:  so it 's twenty - sixth through fourth . That they 'll be here . 
C:  So it 's  it 's extremely important that the two of you are also present in this town during that time . 
C:  Yeah , something like that . 
C:  It 's  
C:  There is a d 
C:  Isn't finals coming up then pretty much after that ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Anyway , so this is  
C:  No it 's just um you know they 're coming for us so that we can bug them 
C:  and ask them more questions 
C:  and sit down together 
C:  and write sensible code 
C:  and they can give some nice talks and stuff . 
C:  But uh 
C:  just make a  
C:  Not  not unless you really really want to . 
C:  Not unless you really want to . 
C:  And they 're both nice guys 
C:  so you may  may want to . 
C:  OK , that much from the parser and generator side , 
C:  unless there are more questions on that . 
C:  No . 
C:  It  Just a mail that , you know , he 's sending me the  the  the stuff soon 
C:  and I was completely flabbergasted here 
C:  and I  and that 's also it 's  it 's going to produce the concept - to - speech uh blah - blah - blah information for  necessary for one point one in English  
C:  based on the English , 
C:  you know , in English . 
C:  So . 
C:  I was like " OK , 
C:  we 're done ! " 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um , the basic requirement is fulfilled almost . 
C:  When Andreas Stolcke and  and his gang , 
C:  when they have um changed the language model of the recognizer and the dictionary , then we can actually a put it all together 
C:  and 
C:  you can speak into it and ask for TV and movie information 
C:  and then when 
C:  if  if something actually happens and some answers come out , then we 're done . 
C:  Hmm ? 
C:  Then um  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um well actually th um 
C:  um well  
C:  The  
C:  OK , so you don't know how the German dialogue  uh the German  the demo dialogue actually works . 
C:  It works  
C:  the first thing is what 's , you know , showing on TV , 
C:  and then the person is presented with what 's running on TV 
C:  in Germany on that day , on that evening 
C:  and so you take one look at it and then you say " well that 's really nothing  there 's nothing for me there " 
C:  " what 's running in the cinemas ? " 
C:  So maybe there 's something better happening there . 
C:  And then you get  you 're shown what movies play which films , 
C:  and it 's gonna be of course all the Heidelberg movies and what films they are actually showing . 
C:  And most of them are going to be Hollywood movies . 
C:  So , " American Beauty " is " American Beauty " , 
C:  right ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  And um . 
C:  N 
C:  Yeah , but it in that sense it doesn't make  In that case uh it doesn't really make sense to read them out loud . 
C:  if you 're displaying them . 
C:  But uh it 'll tell you that this is what 's showing in Heidelberg and there you go . 
C:  And the presentation agent will go " Hhh ! "  Nuh ? 
C:  Like that  the avatar . 
C:  And um . 
C:  And then you pick  pick a movie and  and  and it show shows you the times 
C:  and you pick a time 
C:  and you pick seats and all of this . 
C:  So . 
C:  Pretty straightforward . 
C:  But it 's  so this time we  we are at an advantage 
C:  because it was a problem for the German system to incorporate all these English movie titles . 
C:  Nuh ? 
C:  But in English , that 's not really a problem , 
C:  unless we get some  some topical German movies that have just come out and that are in their database . 
C:  So the person may select " Huehner Rennen " or whatever . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Then uh on to the modeling . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  Um then modeling , 
C:  there it is . 
C:  This is very rough but this is sort of what um Johno and I managed to come up with . 
C:  The idea here is that  
C:  Yeah this is not an XML 
C:  this is sort of towards an  a schema , 
C:  nuh ? 
C:  definition . 
C:  The idea is , so , imagine we have a library of schema 
C:  such as the Source - Path - Goal 
C:  and then we have forced uh motion , 
C:  we have cost action , 
C:  we have a whole library of schemas . 
C:  And they 're gonna be , you know , fleshed out in  in their real ugly detail , 
C:  Source - Path - Goal , 
C:  and there 's gonna be s a lot of stuff on the Goal and blah - blah - blah , that a goal can be and so forth . 
C:  What we think is  
C:  And all the names could  should be taken " cum grano salis " . 
C:  So . 
C:  This is a  
C:  the fact that we 're calling this " action schema " right now should not entail that we are going to continue calling this " action schema " . 
C:  But what that means <mouth> is we have here first of all 
C:  on the  in the  in the first iteration a stupid list of Source - Path - Goal actions 
C:  wi 
C:  to that schema 
C:  and we will have you know forced motion and cost action actions . 
C:  So a push may be in  in  in both you know push uh in this or this 
C:  uh  
C:  Exactly . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Also , these things may or may not get their own structure in the future . 
C:  So this is something that , you know , may also be a res As a result of your work 
C:  in the future , we may find out that , you know , there 're really s these subtle differences between 
C:  um 
C:  even within the domain of entering in the light of a Source - Path - Goal schema , that we need to put in  fill in additional structure up there . 
C:  But it gives us a nice handle . 
C:  So with this we can basically um you know s slaughter the cow any anyway we want . 
C:  Uh . 
C:  It  it is  It was sort of a  it gave us some headache , 
C:  how do we avoid writing down that we have sort of the Enter Source - Path - Goal 
C:  that this  But this sort of gets the job done in that respect 
C:  and maybe it is even conceptually somewhat adequate in a sense that um we 're talking about two different things . 
C:  We 're talking more on the sort of intention level , up there , 
C:  and more on the  this is the  your basic bone um schema , down there . 
C:  Well , that wouldn't have helped you at all . 
C:  So this is sort of what it looks like 
C:  now , some simple " Go " action from it  from an object named " Peter 's Kirche " of the type " Church " to an object named " Powder - Tower " of the type " Tower " . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  Currently . 
C:  Yeah , well  
C:  No . 
C:  We  This is the output , sort of , of the natural language understanding , 
C:  right ? 
C:  the input into the action planning , as it is now . 
C:  And what we are going to do , 
C:  we going to  
C:  and you can see here , 
C:  and again for Johno please  please focus the shadow , 
C:  um we 're gon 
C:  uh uh 
C:  here you have the action and the domain object 
C:  and w and on  on  
C:  Yeah I  I um have  I have no  
C:  Sort of between here and here , 
C:  so as you can see this is on one level and we are going to add another um " Struct " , if you want , IE a rich action description on that level . 
C:  So in the future  
C:  Exactly . 
C:  In the future though , the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an  an action and a domain object but an action , a domain object , and a rich action description , 
C:  which is  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  No , no , no . 
C:  Source is just not spelled out here . 
C:  Source meaning  Source will be uh will have a name , a type , maybe a dimensionality , 
C:  maybe canonical uh orientation  
C:  s Source it will be , 
C:  you know we 'll f 
C:  we know a lot about sources 
C:  so we 'll put all of that in Source . 
C:  But it 's independent whether we are using the SPG schema in an Enter , View , or Approach mode , 
C:  right ? 
C:  This is just properties of the SPG  schema . 
C:  We can talk about Paths being the fastest , the quickest , the nicest and so forth , 
C:  uh or  or  and the Trajector should be coming in there as well . 
C:  And then G the same about Goals . 
C:  Hmm ? 
C:  Yes , yes . 
C:  Since you bring it up now , we will worry about it . 
C:  Tell us more about it . 
C:  What do you  what do you  
C:  Hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm , Mm - hmm , Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um , well that 's  that 's one  one thing is that we can link up , 
C:  think also that um we can have one or m as many as we want links from  from the schema up to the s action um description of it . 
C:  But the notion I got from Nancy 's idea was that we may f find sort of concepts floating around i in the a action description of the action f " Enter " frame up there that are , e when you talk about the real world , actually identical to the goal of the  the S Source - Path - Goal schema , 
C:  and do we have means of  of telling it within that 
C:  a and the answer is absolutely . 
C:  The way  we absolutely have those means that are even part of the M - three - L A API , 
C:  meaning we can reference . 
C:  So meaning  
C:  And um . 
C:  This referencing thing however is of temporary nature 
C:  because sooner or later the W - three - C will be finished with their X - path , uh , um , specification 
C:  and then it 's going to be even much nicer . 
C:  Then we have real means of pointing at an individual instantiation of one of our elements here 
C:  and link it to another one , and this not only within a document but also via documents , 
C:  and  and all in a v very easy e homogenous framework . 
C:  That 's 
C:  but it 's soon . 
C:  So it 's g it 's  the spec is there 
C:  and it 's gonna part of the M - three - L AP  API filed by the end of this year 
C:  so that this means we can start using it basically now . 
C:  But this is a technical detail . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , 
C:  I mean personally , I 'm looking even more forward to the day when we 're going to have X forms , which l is a form of notation where it allows you to say that if the SPG action up there is Enter , then the goal type can never be a statue . 
C:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
C:  W 
C:  Yeah e exactly . 
C:  Um , you know this , of course , does not make sense in light of the Statue of Liberty , 
C:  however <laugh> it is uh you know sort of  these sort of things are imaginable . 
C:  Yeah ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um we have absolute  
C:  No . 
C:  We have absolutely no means of enforcing that , 
C:  so it would be considered valid if we have an SPG action " Enter " and no SPG schema , but a forced action schema . 
C:  Could happen . 
C:  Hmm . 
C:  It  maybe it means we had nothing to say about the Source - Path - Goal . 
C:  What 's also nice , and for a i for me in my mind 
C:  it 's  it 's crucially necessary , is that we can have multiple schemas and multiple action schemas in parallel . 
C:  And um we started thinking about going through our bakery questions , 
C:  so when I say " is there a bakery here ? " 
C:  you know I do ultimately want our module to be able to first of all f tell the rest of the system " hey this person actually wants to go there " 
C:  and " B " ,  that person actually wants to buy something to eat there . 
C:  Nuh ? 
C:  And if these are two different schemas , 
C:  IE the Source - Path - Goal schema of getting there and then the buying snacks schema , 
C:  nuh ?  
C:  Yes . 
C:  ye Yeah , they they would  both schemas would appear , 
C:  so what is the 
C:  uh is  is there a " buying s snacks " schema ? 
C:  What is the uh  <laugh> have 
C:  the buying snack schema ? 
C:  Yeah , 
C:  a " commercial event " or something . 
C:  Yeah ? 
C:  So uh  <mouth> so we would  we would instantiate the SPG schema with a Source - Path - Goal blah - blah - blah 
C:  and the buying event you know at which  however that looks like , the place f thing to buy . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Now it 's technically possible that you can fit schema within schema , 
C:  and schema within schemata  
C:  um 
C:  Well , for me it seems that uh  
C:  r Yes . 
C:  Well , if I 'm  if I 'm recipient of such a message 
C:  and I get a Source - Path - Goal where the goal is a bakery 
C:  and then I get a commercial action which takes place in a bakery , 
C:  right ? 
C:  and  and  and they  they are obviously , via identifiers , identified to be the same thing here . 
C:  No , no , just the  
C:  Yeah ? 
C:  Yeah , yeah ! 
C:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Well , I think we 're gonna hit a lot of interesting problems 
C:  and as I prefaced it this is the result of one week of arguing <laugh> about it 
C:  and um  and so  
C:  Um it occur  it occurs to me that I mean ne 
C:  um well I should have  we should have added an ano an XML example , 
C:  or some XML examples 
C:  and  and this is on  on a  on  on my list of things until next  next week . 
C:  It 's also a question of the recursiveness and  and a hier hierarchy um in there . 
C:  Do we want the schemas just blump blump blump blump ? 
C:  I mean it 's  if we can actually you know get it so that we can , out of one utterance , activate more than one schema , I mean , then we 're already pretty good , 
C:  right ? 
C:  Hmm ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well there  there  there should never be a hard coded uh <laugh> shortcut from  the bakery question to the uh double schema thing , 
C:  how uh  
C:  And , as a matter of fact , when I have traveled with my friends we make these  exactly these kinds of appointments . 
C:  We o o 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Um , the uh  
C:  Well , it sort of depends on  on if you actually write down the  the schema 
C:  then you have to say it 's either one of them 
C:  or it can be none , 
C:  or it can be any of them . 
C:  However the uh  it seems to be sensible to me to r to view them as mutually exclusive 
C:  um 
C:  maybe even not . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  And um how  how where is the end ? 
C:  So that 's  
C:  Forced action or forced motion . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  th this is  this r 
C:  this is  this is more  this is probably the way that th that 's the way that seemed more intuitive to Johno I guess 
C:  also for a while  for 
C:  No , no , no . Uh we have not  we have not seen the light . 
C:  No basically w 
C:  Get  get rid of the sort of SPG slash something 
C:  uh or the sub - actions category , 
C:  because what does that tell us ? 
C:  Um and I agree that you know this is something we need to discuss , 
C:  yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  And , I guess fr uh 
C:  Well <mouth> uh it 's  it sort of came into my mind that sometimes even two could be on , and would be interesting . 
C:  um nevertheless um 
C:  l let 's  let 's not  
C:  No , not at all . 
C:  But  U s <inbreath> t So  
C:  the  I think the  in some sense we  we ex get the task done extremely well 
C:  because this is exactly the discussion we need  need . 
C:  Period . 
C:  No more qualifiers than that . 
C:  So . 
C:  and um and  and I th I hope 
C:  um uh 
C:  let 's make a  a  a  a sharper claim . 
C:  We will not end this discussion anytime soon . 
C:  And it 's gonna get more and more complex the  the l complexer and larger our domains get . 
C:  And I think um we will have all of our points in writing pretty soon . 
C:  So this is nice about being being recorded also . 
C:  The um  
C:  the people  
C:  Mm - hmm , yeah . 
C:  Yes because nobod no the modules don't  
C:  This is  this is a schema that defines XML messages that are passed from one module to another , 
C:  mainly meaning from the natural language understanding , or from the deep language understanding to the action planner . 
C:  Now the  the reason for  for not using this approach is because you always will have to go back , 
C:  each module will try  have to go back to look up which uh you know entity can have which uh , you know , entity can have which parents , 
C:  and then  
C:  So you always need the whole body of  of y your model um to figure out what belongs to what . 
C:  Or you always send it along with it , 
C:  nuh ? 
C:  So you always send up " here I am  I am this person , and I can have these parents " 
C:  in every message . 
C:  which e 
C:  It may or may not be a just a pain 
C:  it 's  it 's  
C:  I 'm completely willing to  to  to throw all of this away 
C:  and completely redo it , 
C:  you know and  and  and it after some iterations we may just do that . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , we  I will promise for the next time to have fleshed out N  XML examples for a  a run through and  and see how this  this then translates , 
C:  and how this can come about , 
C:  nuh ? 
C:  including the sort of " miracle occurs here " um part . 
C:  And um 
C:  is there more to be said ? 
C:  I think 
C:  um  
C:  In principle what I  I think that this approach does , 
C:  and e e whether or not we take the Enter - View and we all throw up  up the ladder 
C:  um wha how do how does Professor Peter call that ? 
C:  The uh hhh ,  silence su sublimination ? 
C:  Throwing somebody up the stairs ? 
C:  Have you never read the Peter 's Principle 
C:  anyone here ? 
C:  Maximum incompetence 
C:  and then you can throw them up the stairs 
C:  um . Yeah . 
C:  OK , so we can promote Enter - View all  all up a bit 
C:  and and get rid of the uh blah - blah - X - blah uh asterisk sub - action item altogether . 
C:  No  no problem with that 
C:  and we  w we  we will play around with all of them 
C:  but the principal distinction between having the  the pure schema and their instantiations on the one hand , and adding some whatever , more intention oriented specification um on parallel to that  that  this approach seems to be uh workable to me . 
C:  I don't know . 
C:  If you all share that opinion then that made my day much happier . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I 'm  I 'm never happy when he uses the word " roles " , 
C:  I 'm  
C:  OK . 
C:  That 's all I have for today . 
C:  Oh no , 
C:  there 's one more issue . 
C:  Bhaskara brought that one up . 
C:  Meeting time rescheduling . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  So it looks like 
C:  you have not been partaking , 
C:  the Monday at three o ' clock time has turned out to be not good anymore . 
C:  So people have been thinking about an alternative time 
C:  and the one we came up with is Friday two - thirty ? 
C:  three ? 
C:  What was it ? 
C:  Two - th Two - thirty - ish or three or Friday at three or something around that time . 
C:  Um how  how are your  
C:  And I know that you have until three  You 're busy ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah , 
C:  and you can always make it shortly after three probably . 
C:  Often , 
C:  no , but uh , 
C:  whenever . 
C:  You are more than welcome if you think that this kind of discussion gets you anywhere in  in your life then uh you 're free to c 

C:  Hmm ? 
C:  Uh but you 're a linguist . 
C:  You should  
C:  OK . 
C:  And um 
C:  How diligent do we feel ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Do feel that we have done our chores for this week 
C:  or  
C:  OK , Bhaskara will do the big show on Friday . 
C:  We will  r 
C:  Yes . 
C:  Yes . I 've  I 've  I 've  I guess I 'm on record for promising that now . 
C:  So um  
C:  This is it 
C:  and um 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  and um if you can get that binding point also maybe with a nice example that would be helpful for Johno and me . 
C:  Give us  
C:  Well the  the  the binding is technically no problem 
C:  but it 's  it  for me it seems to be conceptually important that we find out if we can s if  if there  if there are things in there that are sort of a general nature , 
C:  we should distill them out 
C:  and put them where the schemas are . 
C:  If there are things that you know are intention - specific , then we should put them up somewhere , 
C:  a 
C:  Yep . 
C:  That 's wonderful . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  It 's  
C:  And yeah , 
C:  it 's an  an  it 's  it 's sort of  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . And  and there will be a  a  a relatively high level of redundancy 
C:  in the sense that um ultimately one  
C:  so th so that if we want to get really cocky we we will say " well if you really look at it , you just need our RAD . " 
C:  You can throw the rest away , 
C:  right ? 
C:  Because you 're not gonna get anymore information out of the action a as you find it there in the domain object . 
C:  But then again um in this case , the domain object may contain information that we don't really care about either . 
C:  So . 
C:  H But w we 'll see that then , and how  how it sort of evolves . 
C:  I mean if  if people really like our  our RAD , 
C:  I mean w what might happen is that they will get rid of that action thing completely , 
C:  you know , and leave it up for us to get the parser input um 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Well  
C:  ye no but i 
C:  but if you  if you  if you work in th in that XML community it is a great acronym 
C:  because it e evokes whatever RDF  
C:  RDF is the biggest thing 
C:  right ? 
C:  That 's the rich  sort of " Resource Description Framework " 
C:  and um  and also  
C:  So , description , having the word d term " description " in there is wonderful , 
C:  uh " rich " is also great , 
C:  rwww . 
C:  It 's  it 's rad , 
C:  yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Oh I  You want audio ? 
C:  or do you want transcript ? 
C:  Yeah , well just transcript is just not available 
C:  because nobody has transcribed it yet . 
C:  Um I can e I can uh I 'll transcribe it though . 
C:  It 's no problem . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK , so Friday , 
C:  whoever wants and comes , and can . 
C:  This Friday . 
C:  The big parser show . 
C:  Now you can all turn off your  
