B:  and then we go in and adjust the boundaries . 
B:  how quickly can the transcribers scan over and fix the boundaries , 
C:  and then it 's  then it 's  then it 's the transcribers tightening stuff up , 
C:  So you 're talking about tightening up time boundaries ? 
E:  Well , so  so that 's something that the transcribers will have to  have to do . 
F:  So , if I excluded the pathological ones , <laugh> by definition , those that had like over ninety - five percent error rate , <inbreath> and the non - natives , then the average error rate was like one point four or something , 
abst_sum - abstract: The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed the preparation of a data sample for IBM, the manual adjustment of time bins by transcribers, recognition results for a test set of digits data, and forced alignments.

None
abst_sum - abstract: Participants also talked about Eurospeech 2001 submissions, and exchanged comments on the proceedings of the recently attended Human Language Technologies conference (HLT'01).

F:  So , if I excluded the pathological ones , <laugh> by definition , those that had like over ninety - five percent error rate , <inbreath> and the non - natives , then the average error rate was like one point four or something , 
abst_sum - abstract: Preliminary recognition results were presented for a subset of digits data.

D:  So we need some way to push these first chunk of meetings into a state where we get good alignments . 
abst_sum - abstract: Efforts to deal with cross-talk and improve forced alignments for non-digits data were also discussed.

B:  and then we go in and adjust the boundaries . 
C:  and then it 's  then it 's  then it 's the transcribers tightening stuff up , 
E:  Well , so  so that 's something that the transcribers will have to  have to do . 
abst_sum - decisions: Subsequent manual adjustment of speech and non-speech boundaries will be delegated to the transcriber pool.

A:  He generated , um , a channel - wise presegmented version of a meeting , 
C:  and then it 's IBM . 
abst_sum - decisions: A subset of Meeting Recorder data will be prepared (i.e. pre-segmented and manually adjusted) for delivery to IBM.

E:  I think that if we decide that we need  that they need to see the visuals , we need to change the interface so that they can do that . 
abst_sum - decisions: The Transcriber interface may require modifications if it becomes necessary for transcribers to quickly switch among waveform displays.

A:  and there really was , then , if it didn't show up in a mixed signal to verify , then it might be overlooked , 
A:  Yeah , but presumably , most of those they should be able to hear from the mixed signal unless they 're embedded in the heavil heavy overlap section 
D:  I don't know that you can locate them very well from the mixed signal , 
abst_sum - problems: Transcribers risk overlooking speech that is deeply embedded in the mixed signal.

A:  so , I mean , the question is " should  should a transcriber listen to the entire thing or can it g can it be based on the mixed signal ? " 
abst_sum - problems: Should transcriptions be derived from each of the close-talking channels or from the mixed signal alone?

D:  Except for <clears throat> it doesn't do well on short things , remember . 
abst_sum - problems: The pre-segmentation tool does not perform well on short utterances, e.g. backchannels.

E:  The problem is that  that  the Tcl - TK interface with the visuals , it 's very slow to load waveforms . 
A:  but you just can't get the visual display to show quickly . 
abst_sum - problems: The Transcriber interface does not allow the user to quickly switch among visual displays, i.e. multi-channel waveforms.

F:  Oh , well , yeah , so I 've been struggling with the forced alignments . 
F:  but it might well be that we can't get clean alignments out of this  out of those , uh , <inbreath> channels , 
D:  so he thought well if we can do something quick and dirty because Dan said the cross - cancellation , it 's not straight - forward . 
abst_sum - problems: Forced alignments were problematic for non-digits data due to cross-talk.

None
abst_sum - problems: This problem was reported to be particularly bad for cross-talk featuring more than one word.

C:  Unless maybe we do this , uh , um , cancellation business . 
D:  but it 's clear from Dan that this is not something you can do in a short amount of time . 
D:  um , but then if you add the dynamic aspect of adapting distances , then it wasn't  
abst_sum - problems: Echo cancellation was considered as a means of improving forced alignments, but was ultimately deemed to be too time-consuming given the dynamic aspect of adapting distances between speakers.

F:  It 's very tedious to check these . 
abst_sum - problems: Comparing error rates in terms of the recording device used, i.e. lapel versus wireless microphones, is tedious.

A:  and I really find it a pain in the neck to delete things 
abst_sum - problems: Deleting segments of the recordings is expected to be very time-consuming for transcribers.

E:  Yeah , for Eurospeech we want some results 
abst_sum - problems: More results are needed for generating adequate submissions for Eurospeech'01.

E:  but if they 're not comfortable , we have the same problems we have with these stupid things . 
abst_sum - problems: Participants have complained that the head-mounted microphone is uncomfortable.

