B:  <other> So um the question well first of all what to control . 
B:  So <other> most people want to have a a remote for their hi-fi and T_V_ and stuff like that . 
B:  and other people also want to have remotes for controlling um whole house . 
B:  so there's a project I think called X_ house or something like that that does that , uh you can integrate your remote with uh computers stuff . 
B:  the finder feature yeah by whistling or whatever . 
B:  Uh if you have the finder feature then you can also have 
B:  uh at the same time as  and general voice commands if you want yeah . 
B:  so the user interface will consist of two parts . 
B:  <other> Uh and th the buttons part would be uh a set of buttons for choosing devices , a set of buttons for special navigation in space , 
B:  a set of buttons for <other> linear access of medium and a set of buttons for random access . 
B:  Like a video tape goes forward , backwards , uh fast and stuff yeah . 
B:  For special navigation for example you might have a T_V_ in the menu and you going to change yeah ? 
B:  and also parameter changing . 
B:  <other> So if there are common parameters maybe we should put special buttons for that um 
B:  or maybe we could have everything uh generic 
B:  Voice command w we could specify anything . 
B:  We could assign any button  a command to any button , if we have enough processing power , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer presented the major components of the interface design, dividing the interface into two parts: voice commands and buttons.

D:  in our usability lab we observed the remote control use among one hundred subjects 
D:  and the subjects also filled a questionnaire 
D:  seventy five per cent of users say they s zap a lot . 
D:  <laugh> Um and fifty per cents of users say they only use uh <other> ten per cents of but of the buttons in the  in the remote control . 
D:  F not many buttons , and uh and uh uh u useable buttons <laugh> . 
D:  so they said uh they lost uh often the remote control in in the room so they want to have a way to <other> to 
D:  lot of the time they  it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control . 
D:  So they want something s really very simple and uh easy to use . 
D:  We know that uh the user use uh a lot their um remote control um to to change channel . 
D:  <other> Um and um to to change uh volume selection of the  
D:  So as we say before , I think uh um a remote control lightening in the dark it's it's a good thing . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert went over users' requirements as seen in a company study and showed that the major complaint was that remotes were too difficult to use.

D:  <laugh> Uh the buttons have  are to be um uh uh like you say resist resisting to to shocks . 
D:  Eighty per cents of users would spend more money when the remote control would look fancy . 
D:  so you can see that um seventy five per cent of users find most remote controls ugly 
D:  And uh remote controls are bad for 
D:  R_S_I_ 
A:  so you  we have to make it uh more ergonomic yeah . 
D:  <other> for the younger it's very important 
A:  To have L_C_D_ and voice . 
D:  and speech recognition . 
D:  And uh and the others is not so important 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: She also showed that users want fancier and more ergonomic designs, shock protection, voice recognition, and LCD screens.

A:  but in fact we  it it seems that we are going to make a T_V_ remote control according to new requirements I received from the management 
A:  Because I received that email from management board 
A:  and they seems to tell that that if we want to be on the market as early as possible we should uh focus on T_V_ more where it seems that the market is more important . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager announced a new requirement to the group, that the remote is only to control televisions.

C:  Basically we have a a battery a power supply here . 
C:  After that we just have um user interface . 
C:  which could be um a L_C_D_ let's say or um an array of push button , something like that . 
C:  Push button or a L_C_D_ . 
C:  After that we we feed that into um uh an electronic chip . 
C:  So I say U_C_ and I feed that to uh L_E_D_ which is uh infrared  um which is a an infrared um component . 
C:  Um we just have to define the processing power that we need uh 
C:  standard uh standard remote control takes maybe uh one month to to do that . 
B:  So the only time problem is the sp voice recognition . 
C:  I would say uh about eight months to have the first results . 
C:  <other> Usually this is less tha at two dollars per chip . 
C:  and what about if we design a remote control which can be configure as you want ? 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer gave a layout of the internal functions of the device and showed that a standard chip, instead of a larger one that would accomodate voice recognition, would be the most feasible.

A:  so we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that  
A:  So anyway we don't have to include this feature because it's it's not used any more by users , 
A:  And then also we have to make very uh uh clear that this uh this remote control is is part of of our products and show our corporate uh logo and and colours on the  on the design as well so that uh they identify it as one of our product . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager announced also that the group was not to include a teletext function and that they should integrate the company logo into the external design.

A:  So few buttons , channel , volume control 
A:  Maybe switch T_V_ on and off <laugh> 
C:  I discovered that when I did a quick look , uh they do now som they do something which is quite nice now , 
C:  you have a button , you you press it , and this is uh the previous channel which has come back . 
B:  How should they how should we implement that ? 
C:  This is uh incremental , but once you press it for a long time , you go five by five . 
A:  Because you have your previous channel button if you have incremental only it's not uh it isn't worth it because the previous channel is eith either minus one or plus one . 
B:  I mean you know there is are some  with a wheel like this . 
B:  Instead of having the up down buttons for uh you can have the wheel . 
C:  not a a wheel but a ball , 
A:  I would say the wheel is better . 
A:  and do we put an L_C_D_ display ? 
B:  If you do not multi function then there is no p point in having L_C_D_ . 
B:  Just increase the cost . 
A:  So no L_C_D_ ? 
A:  And so no speech as well because it w it would delay too much the development process 
A:  Yeah . That would be cool . 
A:  But eight months is really long 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Inform Inform Inform Suggest Assess Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Assess Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The group decided on what button functions should be included and decided to eliminate the LCD screen and voice recognition from the design due to time and cost restraints.

A:  Maybe we can include that also . Previous previous channel button . 
A:  So have a wheel for incremental , have the digits uh on the lower side that can be closed 
A:  I would say the wheel is better . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided to include a previous channel change button to the standard remote buttons, and to have a wheel for changing channels in increments, with a smaller number pad below it.

B:  If you do not multi function then there is no p point in having L_C_D_ . 
A:  So no L_C_D_ ? 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will not have an LCD screen.

A:  And so no speech as well because it w it would delay too much the development process 
A:  Yeah . That would be cool . 
A:  But eight months is really long 
descriptions: Suggest Assess Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will not include speech recognition.

A:  We have a technical problem uh . 
C:  Otherwise , could you just describe 
C:  by hand ? 
C:  With the the whiteboard ? 
D:  <cough> Um I dunno if you can open the  
A:  <other> Short-cut to AMI shared folder ? 
A:  Maybe you can send it to me by email . 
A:  I will try to show it to everyone , 
C:  but I think we have some technical problem or so . 
C:  So I'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Suggest Offer Inform Offer 
abst_sum - problems: The group experienced many technical difficulties with their presentations; all participants encountered problems when opening their presentations.

