B:  If you leave them on the whole time you get to look like a noodle the whole time . 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  Is that someone's ? 
B:  Is that  . 
A:  Thank you . 
B:   three , apparently . 
A:  Hmm . Hmm . 
B:  Okay , you all switched on . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Yep , me too . 
B:  I presume we're good to go . Okay , um minutes um we decided to use a kinetic charger , 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  standard chip , um 'cause it can come in various different sizes , it wasn't uh uh gonna be a problem factor . We wanted a stand-by function . The case material is gonna be soft , rubbery , changeable . Um buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design . Um bright funky designs inspired by fruit , keeping with the hip kind of feel . Um <other> and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that . Um <other> and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_ . Okay ? 
topic_description:	opening_None


B:  Prototype presentation . 
C:  Is that  for us ? 
B:  I think that would be you . 
A:  Yep . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Me and William worked on a prototype , and I think William is going to make a p presentation on that . 
C:  Yeah , shall I show ? I'll show . Though do you do you wanna do you wanna sh do you wanna hold it and I'll I'll show you the presentation . Can I just nick your  
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Make sure the camera's  <laugh> 
A:  I can hold it like  Yeah , so  
B:  Yes , yes you can . Wait a second , I'll get it out . 
A:   
C:  Whoa . 
A:  It looks 
B:  Um  
C:  Going a bit crazy over here . 
A:  crazy  . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Thank you . 
B:  <laugh> You should have one of those things and you can just take it off . Ta-da . 
A:  Um not now . Oh . Yeah . Oh , where are the hinges ? <other> 
B:  <laugh> Right . Mm 'kay . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


C:  Okay , so this is our look and feel presentation , the final  our final presentation . 
C:  And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics , as that is  that's the company logo  . 
A:  No . Look up to it . 
B:  Okay . Thank you very much . 
A:  Yay . 
D:  Well done . 
B:  Wrapping it all up , okay . 
topic_description:	presentation of prototype(s)_None


C:  And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've uh come up with over there . Um 
A:  'Kay . 
C:  It's gonna have a a plastic body <other> um with a sort of standard colour , either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something . This is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um which there'd be sort of a wide choice  they would be attached , but we can we can come up with that . Um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , so you've got you've got a lot of customisation with it . Um <cough> it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design <other> and uh <cough> the um the top L_C_D_ screen that you can see that would b would be sort of um 
A:  You able to look  ? Yep .  
B:  Mm-hmm . Okay . 
A:  <other>  . The black and white touch screen wherein people can  
B:  Mm . So it's flush . 
A:  Right . 
B:  Oh right , okay , yeah . 
C:  <other> how do you say , it's  yeah yeah , it would be sort of inset into the into the top and the buttons at the bottom would d so so it'll fully close flat . Yeah , yeah . <other> 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  And working on the inside we've um already said  d decided on the kinetic batteries , which  actually , thinking about it now , could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well , so that you could probably get a bit of  
A:    
B:  So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections , 'cause it's the top part that's  okay . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . Um we decided that um the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in <other> and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of , so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap . So you'd have something like where you'd shout out , where where is the remote and 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  it'll shout back , I'm here , or something . 
D:  <laugh> Or something . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> And then  yeah . It wo it won't shout out I'm here or something . It'll just shout out I'm here , or something to similar effect . Uh yeah , if it was going like I d well tha that could be something for next time , maybe . You can have a remote that tells you exactly where it is . Um the standard , there's  be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about . Um it would it would have  obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers , it would need two separate P_C_B_s , so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling . <other> And uh because , obviously , all T_V_s use this , the same infrared medium , we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data . And the infrared 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . I'm under the sofa . 
A:  'Kay . Ah oka 
B:  Or , that would be too complicated . Infrared  . 
C:  um sender would be on the  on one of the bot the bottom layer , just at the front of the  we haven't  I don't think we actually put it on . 
B:  Like here . 
C:  Yeah , yeah , something like that . 
B:  Okay . Actually , no , it would be  it would have to be on the on the front . Oh right , yeah , okay , yeah , I've got you . 
A:  Infrared could be here also . Yeah , here . 
C:  Yeah , on the front on the front side of that , yeah . 
A:   . So when it's  even if it's open here , the signals would go  . Yeah . 
B:  It's still pointing , yes . Yeah , that would make sense . 
C:  So when you've actually got it open , it would be facing the T_V_ . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


C:  And then finally um on to the interface . <other> The top screen , as we said , is  would be an inset um black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen which  yeah would 
A:   This one right here . 
C:  uh have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it , uh whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons , like the vo volume up and down , channel up and down , power on and off , and uh things to that effect . And now we've  we also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled 
A:   . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  uh logo on it , or something inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top . 
A:  Which is  
B:  But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product once it's  
C:  No d not not actually . No , not uh interfering with l the whole look of the the product when it's uh on the thing . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


B:  Um I've now got evaluation criteria . 
D:  Certainly . 
A:  So this is the one . Sorry . 
B:  It's to be presented  . Okay . 
C:  There you go .  . 
D:  Logged in ? Thank you . Oops . 
A:  Evaluation .  . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm um I I think this is  chip . 
B:  It's quite similar to what it was before , though . 
D:  Okay . This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research . <other> So this is the first stage of the evaluation . Now , the collection of the criteria , as we saw in our previous meeting , was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company . So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting , are we actually meeting those trends and requirements ? 
B:  Sorry . 
D:  Now the findings that we came up with , just a recap , are here . The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , it should be easy to use , it should incorporate current fashion trends , and those  the two main ones , they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours . <other> The design should minimise R_S_I_ and be easy to locate and we were still um uh slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there , though that did seem to be the favoured strategy , but there was also , on the sideline , the though of maybe having a beeper function . <other> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Okay , so we can come back to that slide , if you don't have a note of those . I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate our own feedback to this , to what we have so far . We're going to use a seven point scale , where one is true and seven is false . We look at each of those criteria that I've just mentioned , I'll call that slide back up , and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here . Does that seem clear ? Any questions there ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  <other> 
A:  Ah , it's perfect . 
D:  So we're going to look at these crite 
A:  Is it everybody is going to evaluate , or just the Market  okay . 
D:  Yes , we're going to come to  w we'll discuss each one and we'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven . Is that okay ? One is true , seven is false . 
C:   
B:  Mm-hmm . Okay . 
A:  'Kay . 
D:  Right . So I won't write all of that out again . It will just be criteria one , two , three , four , five , six , or A_ , B_ , C_ , D_ , E_ , F_ to confuse it with the number rating . B_ , C_ , D_ , E_ , F_ . <other> This is where I realise how tiny I actually am . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Just write small . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Criteria and rating . Actually , it might be an idea , if we each did give our own individual rating , and we could take an average at the end . How about that ? Okay . So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques , and if we go one , two , three , four , we know who's who . 
B:  Yeah . That works . 
A:  Yeah , so you can  
C:  Yeah , okay . Yeah . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Okay . Criteria A_ , the fancy look and feel . How do we feel about this prototype model relating to fancy  it is a fancy look and feel . One is true , seven is false . My own rating for that would be a two . One is true and seven is false . 
B:  <other> I would agree . 
C:  Yeah , I'd uh yeah I'd probably put it uh <other> two  yeah , two or three . No , three . Three . 
D:  I'll just go this way . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  'Kay . 
D:  Two . Okay . 
B:  I would say two . 
D:  Two . 
A:  <other> I would say four . Mm-hmm . 
D:  A four , okay . Adding those up , we've got a six and a five , eleven divided by four is what ? Uh two and three quarters , it that right . Two and three quarters ? 
C:  Mm yeah . 
A:  Almost three . I think yeah . 
C:  Yeah , yeah . 
D:  Okay . Two point seven five , there we go . <laugh> Okay , criteria B_ , criterion B_ , technologically innovative . I would give that a three . 
C:  I'd give it a one . 
D:  Okay . Not that you're biased <laugh> in that it  the designer . 
C:  No , no , not at all . 
B:  A two . 
A:  Oh sorry , I I got it wrong . The first one rating , I'm sorry . Can you just make it two ? 
D:  The average  oh , for you ? You want your rating to be a two ? 
A:  The first . Yeah , I I just  it the other way . Uh in  
D:  Is that what you're saying ? Okay . 
A:  Yep , I just got  
D:  So , I'll work out the average for that again at the end . It's a very slightly altered  
A:   
D:  Okay , and we're just waiting for your rating f 
A:  two point f 
B:  It's just two point five for that one . 
D:  Two point five , okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Losing one decimal place , that's okay . 
A:  One is a  , seven is false , okay . 
D:  So what are you rating for this one , Paw ? Two , okay . 
A:  Two . 
D:  So that is eight . That brings it down to two , nice and simple , yeah . 
C:  Two . 
D:  Okay , ease of use . Easy to use ? Based on what you've said there , I would say a one , true . 
C:  Two . 
D:  Two . 
B:  I would say a two . I would say a two . 
D:  A two , okay . 
A:  Two . 
D:  Two . I should've said a two to make the arithmetic easy , shouldn't I ? <laugh> We'll just put almost two , because I'm not gonna get into silly decimal places . Okay . Or we  or if we want to really bring it down , we can do later . Um mm now we're looking at it incorporates current fashion trends , now that's particularly in relation to our market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  One point seven f five . Okay , mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . D_ . One . Yeah . 
D:  Right . So I'm just thinking , before I give it my rating , you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here . Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use ? 
C:  Yeah , that's  No , no , the the base colour was um <other> white or or like or l sort of a light blue , but the changeable fa faces would uh allow you to get any  basically any one of a number of colours that uh th it's full sort of customised . 
A:  White . With  for the plastic ? Uh blue . 
D:  Right . 
A:  Any  
D:  So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do . Okay . And the spongy feel is no problem with that . 
A:  Right . 
C:  Yeah , yeah , yeah and  
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  No , no , 'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it , that  otherwise it's just sort of hard plastic . 
A:  Yeah , because you'll be having a  Because of the rubber case . 
D:  Okay . In that case it's got to be a one for me . 
C:  Yeah , I'll give it a one as well . 
D:  Yep . Everybody ? Okay . 
B:  One . 
A:  One . 
D:  <laugh> That part was nice and easy . Okay . Uh moving on to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury . 
C:  Yeah . <laugh> 
A:  Mm . 
D:  I don't think we've really touched on that a lot . We've we've discussed it , we haven't really come up with anything that 
C:  Mm . No . 
D:  we felt could feasibly reduce that . We've talked about pointers , but the very use of a remote control , if you're someone who's zapping , who's sitting like that , and we found so many people did , how do you minimise that on such a small device ? 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Well the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half , the material , minimises R_S_I_ it's meant to . Um 
C:  It's meant to be . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
C:   
B:  maybe because it's slightl with the size that we've got it's quite small , but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much . So maybe because there's more space , it's not kind of moving around trying to 
C:   
D:  Mm . Mm-hmm . 
B:  hit accurately the buttons in between . It's quite obvious just big buttons . Um  
D:  Right . Right . I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that and give it a four . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah , I'd uh I'd f I'd go for a five , actually , 'cause  
D:  A five , okay . 
B:  Four . 
D:  Four and a four okay . 
A:  Four . 
D:  Twenty one  is that twenty one ? So that's four point two five . 
A:   
C:  Yep . 
D:  And finally , last but not least , easy to locate . Now we talked about voice recognition , we talked about a beeper , have we really  have the designers come to any dec real decision on that ? 
C:  Yeah . Yeah , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , yeah . 
A:  Voice r recognition . 
D:  It was the I'm here thing , yep . And are we happy with the costs on that ? That is going to be feasible , cost-wise . 
C:  Yeah , yeah , that  yeah , that's feasible . 
D:  That sounds good then . I'd go for a  I ca we can adjust the volume on that , just as we could volume on T_V_ . 
C:  Um I think it would r 
D:  So if sombody's in the other room or if T_V_s in different rooms , or . 
C:  I think it would probably be a a stand it would be a stand it would be quite loud . So it would be s p yeah . 
B:  A standard . It would be . 
D:  Right . Okay . You built into the feature . 
B:  And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in , then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room , you'd go into another room . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Logical . That's a one for me . 
C:  <cough> Yeah , one . 
D:  One and one , good . 
B:  One . 
A:  <other> <other> 
C:  <other> I do realise that we might be being fairly biased , 'cause it is our product , but  
D:  <laugh> So , how do we feel about this ? We've got our our  we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there . That is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate . The lowest rating we've got , which is really n it's not terribly low , i it's close around neutral is for uh the minimisation of repetitive strain injury . <other> Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it , or do we have to make further modifications ? 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:    
B:  I don't think so . 
C:  W I thin yeah , I think  yeah . 
D:  We happy to go ahead ? 
B:  I think we  yeah . I think we're set . 
D:  Yeah . I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that . 
B:  Do much apart from having a huge big  
C:  Mm . 
D:  I know . Okay . Well , I hope that's uh clear to the team . Is there anything you would like to to ask me about the findings before I sum up ? 
B:  Don't think so . 
C:  No . 
D:  Good . Fine then . I'll just leave it there . Oops . 
B:  <other> Okay , thank you . 
topic_description:	evaluation of prototype(s)_None


B:  <other> Okay , I've got finance here now . I'm gonna plug this in so you can all see it , if that's okay . 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  Um . 
D:  Oh yes . 
A:  You want me to b unplug that ? 
C:    
A:  That's all . Yes . 
B:  Thanks . Right . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Now I presume that the screen will go blank , 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  that um  Okay . We just type numbers into this and we come out with the final value . So are we still on for kinetic ? 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  Okay . See , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . Um it might have influenced our choice . Right , what's happening with the electronics ? 
C:  It was a regular chip on print and  
A:  Chip on print . 
B:  Double-curved . 
C:  Oh , no , no , no , the um  Yeah , it's  you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells , there should just be one . In the top , it's the number of c yeah  . 
B:  Oh , right , okay . Thanks . 
C:  Yeah , and  yeah , just a  no , one reg v uh  
B:  So , would there be two ? One chip . 
C:  Yeah , one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  Yep . 
C:  And they're double curved . No . Y 
A:  Single-curved . 
B:  One double curve . 
C:  Two , 'cause it's two . 
A:  Two curves , yeah . 
D:  But it has a slightly flattened bottom so it can sit . So it can rest . 
B:  So what's a single curve then ? 
C:  Yeah , I'd say I'd say it was w yeah , I think I think it's  
D:  It would just be a flat bottom with one curve .  like a domed thing . 
B:  So just one double  
A:  Single-cu 
D:  Mm . 
C:  One double-curved . 
B:  Yeah . Um  
A:   . 
C:  And one  no , 'cause one  yeah , one's double-curved , and then the other one's 
A:  Plastic and rubber . 
D:  The other curves at the sides , but it's slightly flattened at the bottom so it doesn't roll over . Yeah . 
B:  Mm . <other> Um we've got plastic and rubber , haven't we ? 
C:  a plastic . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Plastic one and maybe rubber point five . 
C:  And special colour . 
B:  <laugh>  . 
A:  No I think rubber , since it's being used just as a casing , we can put point five . 
B:  Um  
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Do you think ? 
A:  Yeah , because there are  I think it allows the point five , yeah . We can use that . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  What does it mean if you put point five for that ? 
A:  It means we are not using a lot of rubber actually . We're using just 
B:  It would be like saying we're using  
A:  a very low quantity of rubber compared to plastic . 
B:  See , it says case material . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  So we're not actually using plastic in the case , are we ? It's including , it's including . 
C:  No , no , that's  it's as an extra . 
D:  Right , okay . 
C:  So that shouldn't that shouldn't be actually on there , because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote you get . 
D:  But it is gonna be part of the total cost , and there's nowhere else we can we can put that in , is there ? There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing . So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there ? 
C:   
B:  Okay , we'll just put it in as we'll put in as half . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Or sh we should just put it in as one , because the plastic is zero anyway . 
C:  Yeah , okay . 
D:  Mm . 
B:  No , we don't step on anyone's toes . Okay , special colour , do we need that ? 
D:  Might do , if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours . 
B:  N yeah , okay . <other> Interface . 
A:  Push-button . 
C:  Yeah , the push-button's one and L_C_ display one . 
A:  One . An One . 
C:  And buttons  
B:  Buttons  
D:  S 
A:  <other> I think we could change the battery also . Instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery . 
D:  Has that not made any d if you click off that square now , has that not made any difference ? Is it  oh , it's brought it slightly down . 
C:  Well yes . 
B:  Has that not gone up ? Oh no , it was seven five it's changed not a lot . 
D:  So is is uncurved completely and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing , is that going to make a difference ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Uncurved , flat . 
B:  <other> 
D:  Oh , it's not made any difference , has it? . It's gone up again . 
C:  No , we'll have  
A:  No , it just surprises one . 
B:  Oh , it's not calculated it . 
C:  No , no , you've got to click off to calculate it again . 
D:  Oh . 
B:  Okay , there we go . 
D:  <other> It's brought it down slightly . 
B:  <other> It's not a lot though . 
C:  C it might uh you might you might be assuming that that is in Euros . It could be in Dollars . And then it would be fine , because the exchange range would make it about twelve . <laugh> No . 
A:   . <laugh> I don't think so . 
D:  Is there anything on the menu  
B:  We haven't been dealin we haven't been dealing with dollars though , I think  
D:  No . 
A:  Ri I think it's in Euro  . 
B:  Okay , so the highest we've got is the electronics here . Um <other> and the interface . 
D:  So if we take voice recognition out  
C:  That'll do it . Twelve point three five . Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty ? 
A:  Yeah we are close to the budget . 
D:   we are . 
A:  Two five . 
B:  It's two point five . No , it's twelve point two five . 
D:  Are you sure ? Sorry , not meaning to doubt your words there . 
B:  Yeah well two , twelve point two five times two is 
D:  Right . <other> Are they really going to quibble about ten P_ ? 
B:  twenty five , isn't it ? 
A:  It's twelve point five maybe , then . 
D:  Or point zero one of a Euro ? Which is less than ten P_ . 
A:  I don't know what  it said fifty percent of the cost . So half of the price would be  
B:  <other> I think the agenda one was where the um price was , wasn't it ? No . 
A:  I think it is the first one . 
D:  That's today's kick off meeting ,  . 
B:  Twelve point five . 
D:  Mm .  I thought that's what it was . 
C:  Ah . 
B:   
A:  So we are under the budget . 
B:  Well done , people . 
D:  So we're okay . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  So is that uh got us covered for the electronics then ? We don't need something else to take that place ? Okay . 
C:  Yeah . No . 'Cause that that was just a bought-on extra , you could just take that out and that would be fine , yeah . 
B:  <other> Okay . 
A:  Seems fine . 
C:  Yeah , I think that's brilliant . 
A:  Except voice recognition , everything is  
B:  Right , so we've done that . 
topic_description:	costing_None


D:  If we tr um . If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries , would that make a huge difference ? 
A:  And going to a regular bat 
C:  Yeah , the standard , it <other> um it would make one difference . The biggest one would be taking away  if you took away  
A:  Yeah . What I feel is , customers never said anything about the battery  . It's internal , nobody looks into the battery . But shape and colours , that's something we shouldn't comprimi 
C:  If you to Yeah . 
D:  And people are used to buying batteries , they're not gonna say I'm not getting this , 'cause I've got to buy a battery for a remote control . 
C:  If if you take away the voice , I I do I don't like to say it , but if you take away the voice recognition , then you've got it . 
A:  Where's that special form ? Mm mm mm . 
D:  Should we see what difference it makes ? 
B:  Where's the 
C:  Yeah i yeah . No 'cause it's samples sens sample speaker . If you took away that , that'll make it twelve point three five . 
B:  where's the voice recognition ? 
D:  Um  
B:  Right , okay . Well the kinetic is three . If we change it to the battery it's  that's minus three . 
C:  They <other> n n yeah , but you p minus three plus two . 
B:  Oh , right . I keep seeing zero . Um  <other> We can do it some other way , we can do  it doesn't have to be voice recognition . We could do the voice recognition for , you know , business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . You could choose to have that or not . 
A:   
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . But they  but I mean in  I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now , because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product . 
D:  Sure . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  But we're still working to um head o 
B:  So should we just change the design specification then ? <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Make it costly . 
D:  We can put in our recommendations . If we if we're working to head office specifications as  this is what this project team's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found and what we  the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings . But we need to work to that specification to start with . And I think the voice recognition sounds wonderful , but our object is so distinctive that that in itself is gonna make it easier to locate as a f you know in a first instance . Um as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers and so  
B:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  We c we could s Yeah , we could say  
B:  Mm-hmm . Okay , we can 
C:  Yeah , I s 
B:  make the price fit , and then say if we'd had our budget , we would've had this , because it also sets it apart from the crowd . They like their gadgets , they like something that's completely different . It's <other> s something completely different associated with your company . Right , okay , so  
C:  And then say we recommend  
D:  Mm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 'Cause we've done all the background work to go for that if they want it . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	discussion_None


B:  Okay . Product evaluation . We've done room for creativity , haven't we ? Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't  didn't feel able to make . Um 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yes . <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  um in the sense that um did you feel like a team ? Or did you feel like <other> uh autonomy ? 
C:  Yeah , I'd say , as a team . 
D:  Although we had our separate tasks , there was so much interaction , so much that we needed to um bounce off each other . And I've certainly felt heard , listened to in that in relevant areas we've been able to , you know , give and take and adjust our remit where necessary . 
A:  I think we had a nice time . 
C:  Yeah . Find out from each other , yeah . Yeah . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yeah , I think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody . It's not like people trying to cut each other . There is more of uh true cohesive teamwork . We came to a very predic creative design , yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , and uh  Yeah , I think . And Sarah , you coordinated the work very well . 
B:  Thank you . How did you find it ? 
C:  Yeah , no , I thought it it went really well and I yeah , I I feel that everyone was listened to and all the points that were raised seem to have been sorted out , although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there , but that's that's good . I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually  if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , I think maybe it would've come out a d little different , but  yeah . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> 
B:  Yeah . I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down , you know , y it didn't matter it saying what you thought , because if it wasn't something that was that relevant , then it didn't matter , 'cause it was just another idea in the field . I like that . Um 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  teamwork . Well you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , well . 
A:  I think that was the best part of the  <laugh> 
B:  Um <laugh> uh I'm still not caught up . <laugh> But that's nothing to do with the teamwork at all . Um  
C:   <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:   
D:  Maybe we should think of branching out into children's toys and fake mobile phones as a side line . And fake R_C_s . 
B:  Maybe . 
A:  'Kay . 
B:  No , that was quite fun . Um <other> means , whiteboard , digital pens , etcetera , what does that mean ? Any ideas ? 
C:   Discuss which ones  yeah . 
A:   
D:  How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information ? 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Could it've been better , was it adequate ? 
C:  Yeah , I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more , had we actually 
B:  Had time to kind of  
D:  Mm . 
C:  had had more time and if we'd been separated more . 
B:  Yeah , 'cause we could just sort of say , sorry what did you say about that or what do you think about that , rather than having to email it , yeah . But it was nice having it there . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Um like the whole picture of the thing . 
A:  Yeah ,  moving around the room . <laugh> But I think it's good , like uh we spent times individually . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  I never thought of a remote control with a flip top . <other> 
B:  Yeah , I think it's new ideas in general , rather than  
D:  It's really borrowing from other areas , it's , you know , bringing things from other areas in , it so it's  I mean nothing is new , but it's applying it to a d in a different area . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm . 
C:  Vegetables . 
A:  <laugh> That's mine . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  <other> 
B:  Yeah , no . Well they have to come from somewhere , don't they ? 
A:  Yeah , it's  <other> 
D:  Absolutely , yeah . 
A:  The thing is  
B:  And as sh as w sorry , you go . Um as was shown by <other> your presentation with all of the other controls , remote controls , no one's thought about it particularly . I mean they're slightly different , so if someone's been shut in the room and said make ours a bit different from everyone else's , 'cause it's w something we should think about , but obviously no one's put any great deal of thought into it . 
A:  Yep , sorry , go on Sarah . 
C:  No . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
C:  <other> Yeah , I do I don't think the the companies are really concerned . They're just like we've got a D_V_D_ player , does anyone remember the remote control ? Can't you get the one that we used for the last one ? Yeah , just jazz it up a bit . Uh d they don't really think about it , because normally , the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship . They're trying to ship the D_V_D_ player , the video player , the T_V_ . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Yeah . Yeah , the focus isn't on to that , yeah . 
B:  But then when it everything is really smart , and you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table , it doesn't go , I mean if you could have something that's a proper funky thing , a funky item that's individual , individual to you , I mean they could even go into um you go in with an idea and they design it on Photoshop and then they just get it printed on the plastic , you would pray  you would pay a lot extra , because it's individually being  a plastic was being made for you . But people could  have anything that they wanted . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . No . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Mm . 
A:  Surprising to me is like uh people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones , like a real want to see a new launch or something like that . And new f television products coming up , but nobody giving uh much idea to this . Like Sarah was telling , everything's  
B:  Because of the produ Mm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  I think it's really good that this has been very market research based , because <other> just going back to mobile phones , I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really , you know , say is is obvious and visible . We see it in mobile phones a lot , and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from . There are innovations in that that people don't really want . <laugh> I see people wanting a model of the phone they were really happy with , and they can't get it anymore and it's innovation for innovation's sake , and I think it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based . 
A:  Right . 
B:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . Well , it's innovation for money's sake . The the people have to keep buying . Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  <laugh> Yeah . But forcing it onto people , yeah . It's things that , you know , they might want to buy the thing they really want . 
B:  And you can't get  you've got your handset that works fine , but you can't get the battery anymore for that type of phone , because the phones have moved on , things like that . Yes . 
D:  Mm . Mm . Or there isn't a cover to fit it or whatever , yeah . 
B:  It's madness . Um  
D:  See I think  
B:  In closing  
A:   
C:  <cough> 
B:  There we go . Um <other> our costs are below budget with recommendations that they  the budget be increased , but I think  I don't know , d what do you think ? Do you think that's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing ? And the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ? 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Well . 
D:  I think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone . 
C:  I think that was just the the physical . 
B:  So it looks  well it looks like it's gonna be fifty percent profit , you've still got all of the overheads to come out of that . So maybe increasing it , you would also have to increase the price that it's sold at . But I think  but you were saying that that's quite  
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Maybe fifty percent more . 
C:  Yeah , I think  yeah I don't  from the market research . 
D:  But I think in the remit that we were given , it was very specific . I think we've done what we were required to do , and I think there'll have to be another project team or a new project for us to look at at those kind of things . I don't think that's something we have to look at and find a way of raising the cash for . 
B:  Hmm . Yeah . 
C:  No . Yeah , it was  
D:  I think we've done very well to get within budget and it still makes such an innovative item that I think people are really gonna want . 
B:  Mm . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  It's a shame it won't ever get made . <laugh> Maybe it will . Maybe someone'll r run down and patent it . 
D:  I know . Maybe it will . Maybe they are gonna steal our ideas and sell it . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Who knows ? 
C:  I it's top secret . Um it's it is it's a conspiracy going on here . That's what it is . 
A:  <laugh> 
topic_description:	evaluation of project process_None


B:  Um the project has been evaluated well and truly . Um and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire . Oh , so we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with <other> <laugh> everything that I fell behind with , so I'll be delegating in my um role as Project Supervisor , so good luck . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  There's a final questionnaire . 
C:  <laugh> <laugh> In your  yeah . <laugh> 
A:  Celebration , you didn't talk about that . 
B:  I think the celebration is the twenty five pounds . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Either that or we'll be dancing on the desks . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Oh . 
D:  Questionnaire . 
C:  Okay . Is that it then ? 
B:  Um yeah , just the last , I think . 
C:  Awesome . 
B:  <other> I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy . 
D:  Questionnaire done . Oh , I didn't have to rate you on how much you influenced the meeting this time . 
C:  Was that not the questionnaire for the  how you felt you'd done in your thing ? 
D:  Oh , right . But do we not sometimes evaluate in these meetings too ? Yeah . 
C:  I don't think . Yeah , the the s yeah . I think  yeah , questionnaire seven was the one I did just before the meeting . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm . 
B:  I just got con 
topic_description:	closing_None


