A:  Um the agenda for this meeting <other> is um  we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers . 
A:  And then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that um that we gave gave it . 
A:  And um talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda.

C:  It's a pretty simple design . 
C:  It's um based on a mango ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The designers give the prototype presentation, showing their simple design that is based on a mango.

C:  And we have the company logo here 
C:  It's in the middle of one of the little R_s . 
C:  And then the other one is the power . 
B:  So it's palm-held . 
C:  buttons are accessible from your thumb . 
abst_sum - abstract: They point out the company logo and LED, and demonstrate how the device is palm-held and thumb-acessible.

C:  And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus . 
B:  So one plus one would be eleven , 
A:  You press a plus button ? 
A:  I've never heard of that kind before . 
A:  but if if I wanna go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if I press the six it'll go to channel six , and then I'll press the plus , and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five ? 
B:  we can further define that . 
B:  I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five . 
A:  like as long as we realise that's what it'll do . 
D:  Well the there is a  there's a delay on remotes I think . 
B:  um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers 
B:  because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb . 
B:  Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . 
B:  that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use . 
B:  Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , 
B:  But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , 
B:  like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , 
B:  Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company  the yellow and black . 
B:  or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in 
abst_sum - abstract: They also discuss the numerical, volume, channel, and power buttons as well as the color scheme.

A:  Evaluation criteria is next in line . 
D:  Um , we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen . 
D:  Um and looking looking back at my notes from our  both our conceptual and our functional meetings , um I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were , 
D:  Um and we're gonna do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false . 
D:  So basically the lower p the lower the points the better . 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and they rate each of the ten criteria on a scale of 1-7.

D:  Do we have a fancy look-and-feel ? 
B:  We've been quite successful with the rubber coating 
A:  The look is a little bit more playful . 
D:  Yeah I guess that depends on your definition of fancy , 
B:  I mean <other> th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that I think we would've necessarily chosen . 
B:  I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy . <laugh> 
D:  I kinda  I like the potato look . 
D:  It's a two ? 
D:  Okay so question number two was <other> is it techn technologically innovative ? 
D:  So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative . 
B:  and the use of the rubber . 
B:  and we don't have any scroll buttons , it's all pushbuttons , 
B:  there's no L_C_D_ control , 
B:  so if we're thinking about the rest of the market , it's sort of probably halfway . 
D:  we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would've defeated the purpose . 
D:  we'll put three , 
D:  but I think we actually reached our goal . 
D:  Uh , will it be easy to use ? 
A:  Yeah . One . 
D:  you can't really get confused with that . 
A:  The plus number thing . 
D:  But once that's figured out , it should be fine . 
D:  Is this a good-looking remote ? 
B:  Again I think the colour comes into this . 
A:  I think that the logo could be smaller . 
C:  Remember the management said that it it had to be prominent . 
A:  I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand . 
C:  where's it gonna sit in your living room ? 
D:  the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit . 
C:  But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand <other> . 
D:  Would we wanna show it off to our friends ? <laugh> 
D:  Okay , so should we say two for that ? 
D:  will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product ? 
C:  I think we have to market it in the right way , that um  to say that it is simplistic . 
C:  And the kinetic energy part . 
D:  No , I guess , I don't know much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for , 
C:  About ten pounds . 
D:  But you don't have to buy batteries . 
D:  So in the long term this can actually save you money . 
A:  I would give it a two still though . 
B:  <other> Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user . 
C:  I think it does very well . 
B:  easy to use . 
D:  Okay so one ? 
D:  Will this remote control be easy to find when lost ? 
D:  is the alarm system still  was it implemented ? 
B:  But I mean it's not obviously obvious from the outside that that's gonna happen 'cause you can't s particularly see an alarm . 
A:  I thought the light from the inside was gonna light up . 
A:  You press the button it makes a noise 
C:  It would just be a little speaker on the back or something . 
D:  We can give it a one , 
D:  because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find . 
D:  Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ? 
D:  it's eas they'll pick it up and they'll know what to do . 
D:  The plus thing needs to be worked on . 
D:  we'll say yes it's uh one ? 
D:  Uh , will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_ , 
A:  I think so . 
B:  We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we don't know about . 
D:  Two okay . 
D:  Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ? 
A:  Well , yeah the colours are yellow and grey . 
A:  So it could be grey on the banana one . 
B:  I think this is the 
B:  the factor that we've been least successful in confronting . 
B:  Four I think . 
D:  <other> Um , did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ? 
A:  But maybe more like two 
abst_sum - abstract: The criteria includes fancy look-and-feel, technological innovation, ease of use, look, whether people would be willing to spend 25 Euros for it, whether its operating behavior matches the average user, ease of finding when lost, ease of learning to use, whether it will minimize RSI, incorporation of company colors and logo, and whether it follows the motto.

A:  <other> Alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ? 
A:  Yeah it is one point nine . 
abst_sum - abstract: They average the scores and get 1.9.

A:  So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing . 
A:  Um we're using a regular chip . 
A:  Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . 
A:  Um , we're using plastic and rubber , 
A:  So it's like special colour  well we'll have two colours 
A:  Well one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons . 
A:  So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros . 
abst_sum - abstract: They check the product costing and find that their operating cost is 12.20 Euros.

B:  I mean we weren't really given a lot of time , or materials , yeah , to go about our design task . 
D:  Like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea I guess , but m 
B:  and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we wouldn't have been able to afford that . 
D:  <laugh> Good leadership , I think we stayed on task . 
B:  and also our personal coach helped us along the way , 
D:  We never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so  
A:  I think we worked great as a team . 
A:  We needed more Play Doh colours . 
D:  The computer programmes are good . 
D:  Yeah well I guess we really  it  we bounced off of each other , 
abst_sum - abstract: In evaluating the project process they are pleased with their creativity, leadership, timing, teamwork, discussions, and overall product given the resources they had.

B:  Fantastic . 
B:  Thank you very much . <laugh> 
abst_sum - abstract: They close the meeting by thanking one another.

None
abst_sum - action: *NA*

B:  um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers 
B:  Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . 
abst_sum - decisions: Numbers have a circular design.

B:  Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , 
B:  But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , 
B:  like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , 
abst_sum - decisions: Casing will be interchangable and color schemes will be named and colored after fruits and vegetables.

A:  So it's like special colour  well we'll have two colours 
abst_sum - decisions: Will be two colors, one for case and one for buttons.

A:  Um we're using a regular chip . 
abst_sum - decisions: Will use a regular chip.

A:  Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be double-curved.

A:  Um , we're using plastic and rubber , 
abst_sum - decisions: Will be made of plastic and rubber (rubber on remote for comfort).

None
abst_sum - decisions: Product costing is 1.20 Euros.

None
abst_sum - problems: *NA*.

