A:  Um this is the kick-off meeting for the day . 
A:  Um we're the new group uh to create a new remote control for Real Reaction . 
A:  As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting , 
A:  um become acquainted with each other , 
A:  um have a little training on tools , 
A:  uh create a plan , 
A:  discuss things 
A:  and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total . 
A:  The new remote control is to be original , trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  That , Steph , is your part , is the user-friendliness . 
A:  The originality um is gonna take all of us . 
A:  Um the trendiness we'll probably go look at  for some marketing research information from you , Sarah . 
A:  we'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting by stating the agenda and then introduced the upcoming project to the team members.

A:  Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard . 
A:  Kate , why don't you try it first , if you can either bring your things with you , I guess  
A:  we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well , 
A:  'cause we're all gonna have to be able to walk around . 
B:  you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal . <laugh> 
B:  Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat . <laugh> 
A:  I think it's to get us used to using the pen . 
A:  Not a mouse , a rat . 
A:  a fish . 
A:  And I think your pen's running out of whatever . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Offer Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The team members then participated in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the particular animal.

A:  we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this 
A:  and this remote control has to be sold  um we're to sell it for twenty five Euros , 
A:  Um the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager briefed the team on the production and selling costs of the remote they are to create.

A:  with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million Euros . 
A:  That tells you something about how many um we have to sell on an international scale . 
A:  would be like what , a hundred million of them um to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million . 
A:  if they cost twelve and a half , you're selling it for twenty five , you're making twelve and a half Euros each . 
A:  Um and we're to make a profit of fifty million , 
D:  I was just wondering if that's the um  If fifty percent is normal  
D:  Um I would think would be more like sixty percent . 
A:  you gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that . 
A:  In order to make fifty million Euros , and you're only getting twelve and a half each  
A:  four million . You'd have to sell four million . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager also briefed the team on the profit aim and discussed how many remotes must be sold in order to reach the profit aim of 50 million Euro.

A:  Experience with a remote control . 
A:  Any of you use of remote control for a television or D_V_D_ or something ? 
B:  That that that's the sorta product we're talking about , one that will work for a  in a home environment , for a T_V_s and  
A:  I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time , 
A:  but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated 
A:  and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another . 
C:  that you always sit around  you know , you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something , there's five different remotes , and one for the D_V_D_ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else . 
A:  And they don't always talk to each other . 
C:  But I presume this is t I presume this is just for television . 
D:  We could make a Hello Kitty 
D:  themed remote . 
C:  I think one in b bright colours would be good . <other> 
B:  <laugh> I think one that works would be good . <laugh> 
D:  We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation . 
D:  I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great <other> products . 
C:  I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions . 
C:  Like I've got one at home 
C:  that has well , apart from the obvious , channels , channel up , channel down , volume , 
C:  you know , subtitles , mute , there's a lotta buttons that I've got no idea what they do , like <laugh> . 
D:  that's a really good point , 
D:  because I think one of the things that  being somewhat computer literate , we tend to um go to menus and then make choices , 
D:  so if it's like an uh volume button , you know , you can go in and say mute or or volume . 
D:  We don't need to have like the l the numbers if we also have uh uh channel up channel down . 
D:  Mm . We can make it smart like an iPod , 
D:  make everything menus . 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The team then discussed their experiences using remote controls and what features in terms of functionality and appearance to consider in making the remote.

None

abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will work on the working design.

None

abst_sum - action: The user interface designer will work on the technical functions design.

None

abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will work on the user requirements specification

A:  and this remote control has to be sold  um we're to sell it for twenty five Euros , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be sold for 25 Euro.

A:  Um the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: Production costs cannot exceed 12.50 Euro.

D:  I was just wondering if that's the um  If fifty percent is normal  
D:  Um I would think would be more like sixty percent . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: Whether the mark-up reflected in the selling price is normal.

