D:  Ease of use is important , 
D:  but uh innovation is more important , 
D:  and a fancy look and feel is uh even more important . 
abst_sum - abstract: For the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use.

D:  And uh some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their uh clothes , shoes and furniture , 
D:  and that they want spongy material . 
D:  or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . 
A:  You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . 
abst_sum - abstract: The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote, and could also provide themes for other target groups.

A:  maybe it rubber 
A:  And what I'm thinking about , maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip 
abst_sum - abstract: They could also add some rubber to provide easy grip of the device.

C:  We have the uncurved or flat case . Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh 
C:  <other> We have uh a curved one . 
C:  which is curved in three dimension . 
abst_sum - abstract: Cases can be flat, single- or double-curved.

C:  We can use plastic , 
C:  We can use wood and titanium . 
C:  uh which is the same for rubber , 
abst_sum - abstract: They can be made of plastic, rubber, wood or titanium.

C:  we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh <laugh> remote controls . 
C:  Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply . 
C:  And we of course have the traditional uh solar power , 
abst_sum - abstract: Hand or kinetic dynamos, batteries, and solar cells can be used as energy sources.

C:  um of course we have the push-buttons 
C:  and uh we also have scroll-wheels . 
C:  Um <other> uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays , 
A:  this is my volume button . And I can either on this side or this side um  
A:  And click it to muten the device . 
abst_sum - abstract: Possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCDs. A way to make this device different would be to use a scroll-wheel on the side with integrated button for volume control and mute.

C:  And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker , 
abst_sum - abstract: Speech recognition can be implemented by adding a sample sensor and speaker on the remote.

A:  Traditional batteries uh and solar . 
abst_sum - abstract: The final decisions also included combined battery with solar cells.

A:  But but do we want the curved uh uh design , 
C:  So I think this is the best of two worlds . 
C:  Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample . Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker . Um with a with a regular chip . 
B:  And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . 
A:  Uh you talked about it before , the colours , grey and yellow . 
A:  The casing is curved , single-curved . 
C:  and I think we should use the company colours . Something like black and red .  uh black and yellow . 
A:  The scroll-heel . Yes , 
A:  the voice recognition we already decided . 
abst_sum - abstract: The team will design a single-curved device with a scroll wheel and speech recognition, in black and yellow, the company colours.

A:  Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer and the user interface designer will work on a drawing of a prototype.

None
abst_sum - action: They will think about ways to make their product different from the others in the market.

A:  Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product . 
A:  I guess that is something for Roo and Sebastian . 
abst_sum - action: They will also try to find a way to promote the corporate identity in the design of the look and feel and interface.

A:  Um I guess you two have to figure that out . 
abst_sum - action: The ID and UI will also have to figure out whether to use rubber just for the buttons and side finish, or for the whole front of the remote.

A:  And for you , the product evaluation . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will carry out a product evaluation.

A:  You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . 
D:  or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . 
abst_sum - decisions: Changeable covers for the remote control can link the product to current fashion trends, but also trends followed by other age groups.

B:  And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . 
A:  The scroll-heel . Yes , 
abst_sum - decisions: A scroll wheel will be included in the design.

None
abst_sum - decisions: A regular chip will be needed for this.

C:  So it it needs to be rubber . 
A:  But but do we want the curved uh uh design , 
C:  So I think this is the best of two worlds . 
A:  The casing is curved , single-curved . 
A:  Yeah , with colourful rubber . 
abst_sum - decisions: A single-curved rubber casing can also be used.

A:  d did we already decide on the display ? 
C:  No . I don't think you need it . 
C:  And uh skip  and skip the L_C_D_ part . 
abst_sum - decisions: LCD is not going to be implemented.

A:  Traditional batteries uh and solar . 
abst_sum - decisions: The preferred energy source was a combination of batteries and solar cells.

B:  But if you're watching a movie , how many times uh you take the the remote control and and  
C:  But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy . 
abst_sum - problems: It is not clear whether a kinetic dynamo can be used, because it is unlikely that a user shakes the remote enough, as one would do with similarly powered watches.

B:  I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it . 
C:  There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel . 
abst_sum - problems: The use of a scroll wheel with integrated button was debated, as not everyone was convinced of its use for this project.

A:  what about um <other> the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting ? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue . 
C:  It's it's  uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device . 
abst_sum - problems: Using the speech recognition on the device may not be convenient, since the remote will have to pointing towards the TV at the same time for the infrared to work.

A:  according to Ruud , the the the market likes um new flashy technology , 
C:  Uh I think our customers will go insane . 
abst_sum - problems: LCD screens may add an extra hi-tech touch, but given all the other features, it might be too much.

A:  Yeah , although I don't think that's very colourful . Except for the yellow of course , 
abst_sum - problems: The company colours (grey and yellow and black) did not seem sufficiently bright and trendy to everyone.

A:  it should be a full colour cover with such an image 
C:  but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device . 
abst_sum - problems: Printing an image on the remote to make it more colourful is doable, but cannot be done by the manufacturing department.

C:  What about uh the finishing of the case ? 
A:  Yeah , with colourful rubber . 
C:  because they're they're rubber too . 
A:  we should have it the other way around , I guess . A plastic cover with rubber finishing . 
A:  What about um making this rubber and making this plastic ? 
C:  I'm I'm not so sure , 
abst_sum - problems: The front could have a rubber finish, or the buttons will be made of rubber.

C:  So if you want the spongy feel , you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber . 
abst_sum - problems: It was debated that customers may prefer a total spongy texture, not just in the buttons and the sides of the remote.

