B:  Gotta go . 
B:  Uh , so  uh , so I c I definitely have to leave at three - thirty today 
B:  for  whatever . That 's  
B:  Yeah , they 're  they 're having birthday cake and such 
B:  and so I can't miss that . 
B:  I 'm a May birthday , yeah , 
B:  so I have to  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So this is  
B:  this is one  it 's one hour of  of  of speech ? 
B:  And it took you a few hours to  to do it . 
B:  He said that ? 
B:  Oh , oh , OK . 
B:  Hunh . 
B:  Can I  I  I just  
B:  How - how many  how many beeps are there , and how many do we were they  d were  were off ? 
B:  Alright . 
B:  And is it a  
B:  Yeah , and it was a hundred - ish . 
B:  So  so if you get one  
B:  uh , uh , excuse me . 
B:  If you get one off , it  t everything is off cuz of the alignment 
B:  right ? 
B:  Uh , and this is all in one file that 's continuous . 
B:  So why don't you make it multiple files ? 
B:  Because then if they have one off , then  then it would only screw up that file . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean , it seems now , if you just ha make one mistake then everything is off . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , just say , " OK , is  " ten minutes is  " 
B:  I mean , maybe there 's other things to do that are more clever , 
B:  but this just seemed to be the sort of the obvious thing 
B:  because , again , if you make one mistake , then everything after that mistake is off . 
B:  And , uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh . Kind of low variance , 
B:  wouldn't that be ? 
B:  You sort of  might end up with some infinities there , 
B:  but  
B:  Can I see that ? 
B:  Where 's the case ? 
B:  So is this a 
B:  seven or something ? 
B:  Or  
B:  What is it ? 
B:  M - one - hundred . 
B:  Or you could  you could have ascending tones , or something . 
B:  Uh  Or  
B:  No , I just  thi I don't know . If you have a hundred or something just  just sort of move them up i mu up a  a half tone or something for  for <laugh> each one , 
B:  and then  
B:  Oh was it ? 
B:  Oh . 
B:  See , I should listen . 
B:  Yeah ? 
B:  Uh , OK , yeah . So the only  
B:  That might work too . 
B:  Yeah , I was just thinking that actually temporally just , uh , uh , uh , an increasing tones so that 
B:  they would really have a sense of whether they were going , you know , forward or backward 
B:  or  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , it 's a thought . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , maybe . 
B:  That 's probably better , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  S scratch my other idea . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Great idea , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  No , two is probably better than what I was suggesting , 
B:  because what I was suggesting , in order to make it through a reasonable range for the whole thing , you 'd have to have the  the tonal differences between the two kind of small , 
B:  and actually you want them large . 
B:  So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So what  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean , what 's going wrong on the other end ? 
B:  What are they doing ? 
B:  What , uh  
B:  OK , 
B:  s 
B:  Well , cuz they 're s distinguishing between twenty - three  
B:  that 's your indicator there , and twenty - three that somebody happens to say in a meeting . 
B:  But they might miss that , 
B:  right ? 
B:  I think having a beep too is good . 
B:  W we 're saying " beep " . Yeah   for instance . 
B:  But it sounds like a k a  a  a short conversation with Brian might be  might be helpful to get a sense of what 's going on . 
B:  Well , th although  
B:  You 're saying i it 's  it 's about an hour meeting , 
B:  and there were a hundred and twenty - three  
B:  Hmm ? 
B:  Well , I was just wondering what the average length thing was . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh 
B:  So , right . So i 
B:  Well  
B:  Right , but my point was , you know , if  It 's a big difference to me if there 's a thousand or there 's a hundred . 
B:  If there 's a thousand , then that means that this is only happening three times out of a thousand . 
B:  Which means , you know , even just splitting it up into a few files would probably take  You know , nearly all the time , 
B:  there would be no  
B:  W if it 's a hundred , then  you know , that 's not the issue , 
B:  but if it 's a hundred , then , the average length of each one is pretty  pretty long 
B:  and so having a little thing at the front of it is no big deal . 
B:  So , that 's why I was curious . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , you 're still talking a forced al 
B:  Well , with the beep models , is what 's really  you 'd have really g it would be really good though . 
B:  So  
B:  so it 's p so it 's really just doing , yeah , a keyword , like a spotting for beep with  
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh  uh , again , especially if there 's hundred  many hundreds or thousands I still think it would  it would cut the incidence of this a lot if it was possible to break it into a couple files . 
B:  Yeah . Cuz it , you know , it 's r r 
B:  I mean , you 've already broken them into chunks , 
B:  so if you have  if you have a th if you have a thousand chunks then make  ten things of a hundred , or  or you know . 
B:  And then it will be , you know , this  Eve - every now and then there 'll be a  a beep missing . 
B:  Which one is these ? 
B:  The uh  
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  You know , there are so many things about this that are non - uniform that I think having  having some modicum of uniformity is a good thing , 
B:  but you 're just not going to  I mean we 've  
B:  uh  
B:  For instance , jus just the fact that people sit in different positions , different times , 
B:  the  exactly where they put it with respect to their mouth is different each time . 
B:  Uh  
B:  I  I just don't  
B:  I mean , I think we  we 're  we 're getting rid of major differences 
B:  like we 're not using the lapel anymore , an and so forth . 
B:  But 
B:  the other stuff is just gonna  some variability we 're gonna have to accept . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Yeah , see I  I happen to like the old one better . 
B:  But  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And some people do , 
B:  but  
B:  You know . I mean , here 's another argument against worrying too much about uniformity . 
B:  We have something like forty - five hours of data collected . 
B:  And , uh , we 're also gonna be integrating in this corpus stuff that 's  that 's being done at UW , uh , with entirely different microphones . 
B:  So I  I think , you know , getting away from the lapel , having close - mounted mikes , having people adjust them as they 're most  as  as  as comfortable as they can  
B:  I think that 's sort of the big deal . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , another wireless system . 
B:  You mean , another transmitter ? 
B:  Or  or  
B:  Oh , to get r to get rid of the wired things . 
B:  Yes , absolutely . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , because  cuz we 've had  With the exception of forgetting to change the batteries from time to time , uh , we 've really had no tr no trouble with this at all , 
B:  right ? 
B:  And  and the wired stuff is just gonna continue to degrade as , you know , 
B:  and nobody will remember how to  
B:  yeah , nobody will remember how to repair a Jimbox or a Jimlet or a  
B:  you know , it 's  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Whoever will pay , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  Do you mean the kind that hang from the ear , sort of thing , 
B:  or the  
B:  Yeah , but I don't know that one . 
B:  So what 's that mean ? 
B:  Is this  just this little  
B:  Oh they  they have little headsets ? 
B:  Or what do they  
B:  Oh you 've  you 've got one . 
B:  So where  where does  how do you wear that ? 
B:  What does that  
B:  Yeah , over the corner of the ear  
B:  Huh . 
B:  Yeah , that I 've seen . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But  what  
B:  Why would it be cool ? 
B:  Oh , I 'm sorry . 
B:  You 're talking about that as a possible thing to plug into the Sonys . 
B:  No ? 
B:  Well , some people will , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , I mean , another s 
B:  An - another side to that is that , um , in principle , uh , if it all comes together , supposedly we 're gonna get two um , IRAM boards . 
B:  Uh , little later on in the year . 
B:  And so , we 're gonna wanna be thinking in terms of some wireless connection to it . 
B:  Um , 
B:  so we have , you know , some kind of little something , 
B:  and , uh , we have a wireless connection , this board , that 's doing the computation for the f the , uh  the recognition . 
B:  And so , you know , we wanna be able to show off to somebody , 
B:  you know , we have a base station somewhere , 
B:  and you 're wandering around , uh , hands free , 
B:  and  
B:  No , no , what I 'm saying is that we 're gonna have to put together some kind of a little superstructure , d some sort of demo box that it  that doesn't do a whole lot , 
B:  but it somehow connects to  uh , remotely to this IRAM board 
B:  which will be doing the real computation . 
B:  In other words , we 're  we 're not gonna attempt to build , uh , it  do the real work of building a portable device that 's little , that is doing all the computation we wanna do for the recognition and the far - field mike , uh , compensation and all that stuff . 
B:  So we 're gonna do all that on this powerful board , 
B:  and , uh , have some wireless connection to it . 
B:  And then the question is what is  what does it look like , 
B:  does it look like something that you  you hold like this , 
B:  or do we make a big deal out of it that you hold it arm  at arm 's length th so that you can see some display , 
B:  or , uh , 
B:  do we have one of these  
B:  You know . I don't know . 
B:  So , it th these are all possibilities . 
B:  Yeah . So , is is Bluetooth the sort of thing that 'd be , uh  
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Who  Well , we 're s talking about a fairly limited group , 
B:  are  are  is it a small enough group that they would  could just have accounts ? 
B:  Does that solve anything ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , but that 's not  
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah 
B:  What - what does CVS do if they  if they do overlap ? 
B:  Oh , I 
B:  OK . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Gotta go . 
