F:  Done ? 
F:  O K . So , here we are . 
F:  Once again , 
F:  right , 
F:  together . 
F:  Um , so we haven't had a meeting for a while , 
F:  and  and probably won't have one next week , 
F:  I think a number of people are gone . 
F:  Um , so Robert , why don't you bring us up to date on where we are with EDU ? 
F:  Good . 
F:  I think so . 
F:  Well 
F:  No . 
F:  So y you didn't yet tell us what the output is . 
F:  So what decisions does this make ? 
F:  So that was pretty quick . 
F:  She 's ac uh uh Eva 's got a little write - up on it 
F:  that uh , probably gives the  the details to anybody who needs them . 
F:  Um , 
F:  so 
F:  the  You  you didn't look at all yet to see if there 's anybody has a implementation . 
F:  OK . 
F:  So one  so one of the questions , you know , about these P R Ms is 
F:  uh , we aren't gonna build our own interpreter , 
F:  so if  if we can't find one , then we uh , go off and do something else and wait until s one appears . 
F:  Uh , so one of the things that Eva 's gonna do over the next few weeks is see if we can track that down . 
F:  Uh , 
F:  the people at Stanford write papers as if they had one , 
F:  but , um , we 'll see . 
F:  So w Anyway . So that 's a  a major open issue . 
F:  If there is an interpreter , it looks like you know , what Eva 's got should run 
F:  and we should be able to actually um , try to solve , you know , the problems , 
F:  to actually take the data , and do it . 
F:  Uh , and we 'll see . 
F:  Uh , I actually think it is cleaner , 
F:  and the ability to instantiate , you know , instance of people and sites and stuff , um , will help in the expression . 
F:  Whether the inference gets any faster or not I don't know . 
F:  Uh , it wouldn't surprise me if it  if it doesn't . 
F:  You know , it 's the same kind of information . 
F:  I think there are things that you can express this way which you can't express in a normal belief - net , 
F:  uh , without going to some incredible hacking 
F:  of  sort of rebuilding it on the fly . 
F:  I mean , the notion of instantiating your el elements from the ontology and stuff fits this very nicely and doesn't fit very well into the extended belief - net . 
F:  So that was one of the main reasons for doing it . 
F:  Um . 
F:  I don't know . 
F:  So , uh , people who have thought about the problem , like Robert 
F:  i it looked to me like if  Eva were able to come up with a <mouth> you know , value for each of a number of uh , sites plus its EVA thing , 
F:  that a travel planner should be able to take it from there . 
F:  And  you know , with some other information about how much time the person has and whatever , 
F:  and then plan a route . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , I  that 's  
F:  That I think was actually in the previous  the Ubenth stuff . 
F:  I don't remember whether they carried that over to this or not , 
F:  uh , structural uncertainty . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Alright . 
F:  Uh , 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So , uh , the  the plan is  is when Daphne gets back , we 'll get in touch 
F:  and supposedly , um , we 'll actually get s deep  seriously connected to  to their work 
F:  and 
F:  somebody 'll  Uh , you know  If it 's a group meeting once a week probably someone 'll go down and , whatever . 
F:  So , we 'll actually figure all this out . 
F:  Yeah . So , um , 
F:  you could , from this , go on and say suppose there 's a group of people traveling together 
F:  and you wanted to plan something that somehow , with some Pareto optimal uh , <laugh> uh , thing for  
F:  uh , or  
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Well that 's the  that would  that would be a  uh , you could sell it , as a  
F:  OK , eh you don't have to fight about this , just give your preferences to the  
F:  w Exactly . 
F:  Yeah . Right . 
F:  Anyway . 
F:  So . So there i there are some  some u uh , you know , uh , elaborations of this 
F:  that you could try to put in to this structure , 
F:  but I don't think it 's worth it now . 
F:  Because we 're gonna see what  what else uh  what else we 're gonna do . 
F:  Anyway . 
F:  But uh , 
F:  it 's good , yeah 
F:  and  and there were a couple other ideas of  of uh , things for Eva to look at 
F:  in  in the interim . 
F:  On the other hand , uh , FrameNet could well be useful . 
F:  So do you know the FrameNet story ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  Oh . Th - that 's another thing you might wanna look into while you 're here . 
F:  Because , um , you know , the standard story is that keyworks  keywords evoke frames , and the frames may well give you additional keywords 
F:  or uh , if you know that  that  that a  a bunch of keywords uh , indicate a frame , then you can find documents that actually have the whole frame , rather th than just uh , individual  
F:  So there 's a lot of stuff , 
F:  and people are looking at that . 
F:  Most of the work here is just trying to get the frames right . 
F:  There 's linguists and stuff 
F:  and there 's a lot of it 
F:  and they 're  they 're busily working away . 
F:  But there are some application efforts trying to exploit it . 
F:  And this looks t it seems to be that this is a place where you might be able to do that . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  W yeah , I know , I mean it  it  he  w he did w what  what he did was much more s sensible for him . 
F:  I think uh , 
F:  you know  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  The idea was there . Yeah , OK . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , actually you guys never  
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So you  you guys never sent anybody else from I U . 
F:  You were y no  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Uh , this was supposedly an exchange program , 
F:  and  I  we  you know , it 's fine . We don't care , 
F:  but it just  I 'm a little surprised that uh , Andreas didn't come up with anyone else he wanted to send . 
F:  Alright . 
F:  I mean I had forgotten a I  To be honest with you , I 'd totally forgotten we had a program . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  No , no . There was a whole co There was a little contract signed . 
F:  It was  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , I know . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Oh , right ! 
F:  Right . 
F:  Anyway . 
F:  Right . So I thi tha that 's  that 's one of the things that might be worth looking into while you 're here . 
F:  Uh , unfortunately , Srini , who is heavily involved in DAML and all this sort of stuff is himself out of town . 
F:  Right , 
F:  and  
F:  Yeah , for  for some reason he 's not doing that . 
F:  I don't know why he @ @  
F:  oh , I , who knows ? 
F:  Anyway , s yeah , you 'll see  you 'll certainly see a lot of the people there . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  St - statistical stuff . 
F:  That would be a very good idea . 
F:  Alright , was there anything else for this ? 
F:  One of these times soon we 're gonna hear about construal . 
F:  Oh , OK . Right . 
F:  Good thinking ! 
F:  Well , no , but he 's  he 's  he 's  he 's  as you said , he 's , like the state legislature , he 's trying to offer us bribes . 
F:  Uh , this  this  this  t the s 
F:  we 're , uh , involved in a literally three hundred million dollar uh , program . 
F:  Uh , with the State of California . 
F:  And , the State of California is now a month and a half behind its legis its legally required date to approve a budget . 
F:  So the budget has not been approved . 
F:  And two days ago  There 's two l you know , so , two branches of legislature . One branch approved it , 
F:  and , um , 
F:  yesterdayday  there was this uh  uh I thought that the other branch would just approve it , 
F:  but now there 's actually a little back sliding to people who  who approved it got flak from there , 
F:  eh anyway . 
F:  So , um  
F:  Oh ! I have to tell you a wonderful story about this , 
F:  OK ? 
F:  And then we 'll go . 
F:  So , I  it turns out I wound up having lunch today with a guy named Tom Kalil . 
F:  KILL  
F:  KALIL . 
F:  And , uh , he now works at Berkeley . 
F:  In fact he 's hired to run a lot of CITRIS , 
F:  even though we don't have the money they  So they 've been hiring people right and left , 
F:  so , uh , they think the money 's coming . 
F:  So  and he was , I think , the chief staffer to Clinton on technology matters . 
F:  He was in the White House , 
F:  I don't remember what he was saying . 
F:  A anyway , like that . 
F:  And , is now doing all the politics for CITRIS , 
F:  but also , has a uh , a lot of interest in uh , actually doing things for society , 
F:  so digital divide and stuff like that . 
F:  So that 's s interesting to me but maybe not to you . 
F:  But the really interesting thing was , he st he s he s said something about , you know I 'm interested in things that have high social multiplier , 
F:  something that is of great social value . 
F:  He said , " for example " , 
F:  this was his only example , 
F:  " if you had a adult literacy program that was as good as an individual tutor , 
F:  and as compelling as a video game , 
F:  then that would have a huge social impact " . 
F:  I said , " Oh great ! That 's a good problem to work on . " 
F:  Anyway . So it was nice that uh , he 's got this view , of A , that 's what you should try to do , and B , uh , language would be a good way to do it . 
F:  So that 's  
F:  So anyway , that 's the end of the story . 
F:  This was  
F:  Yeah . I didn't push him on the ch on the child thing , 
F:  but , uh , 
F:  you know , a again , if  if you  if you 
F:  um , 
F:  and this was  this was literacy , 
F:  which actually is somewhat different problem . 
F:  Maybe easier . 
F:  I don't know . 
F:  So this is reading , rather than teaching  
F:  Another project we started on , and  and didn't get funded for was , uh , to try to build an automatic tutoring program , for kids whose first language wasn't English . 
F:  Which is like half the school population in California . 
F:  Something like that , 
F:  isn't it ? 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So , 
F:  enormous problem in California , 
F:  and the idea was if we 're so smart about language understanding and speech understanding , couldn't we build <mouth> uh , programs that would be tutors for the kids . 
F:  We think we could . 
F:  Anyway . So  so  But this is a slightly different problem , 
F:  and 
F:  um , 
F:  I know none of us have the spare time to look at it right now , 
F:  but it i it 's  it 's interesting 
F:  and I may um , talk to him some more about is em somebody already doing this , and stuff like that . 
F:  So anyway , that was  that was today 's little story . 
F:  No , no . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  You 're good . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Anyway . Yeah , so  OK , so that 'd be great , 
F:  but I 'd  I think it 's  it 's time again , 
F:  right ? 
F:  Yeah . OK . 
F:  Good . 
F:  Yep . 
F:  Done ? 
