C:  DDR , he asked ? 
C:  Nnn , 
C:  it 's n 
C:  It 's always offset . Yeah . 
C:  What  
C:  He - he he 's 
C:  probably not , is my guess . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  This  this is not  It 's not bad for the project if Keith is talking to George . 
C:  OK . So my suggestion is we just 
C:  Forge ahead , yeah . 
C:  Sure . 
C:  He charges so much . Right . 
C:  No , I think it 's a good idea that you may as well ask . Sure . 
C:  Oh ! 
C:  You were gonna send me a note about hiring  
C:  I didn't finish the sentence 
C:  but he understood it . 
C:  OK . 
C:  But Nancy doesn't . 
C:  No . 
C:  Syntax . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Anyway , it  We 'll sort this out . 
C:  Um . 
C:  But anyway , send me the note 
C:  and then I 'll - I 'll check with , uh , Morgan on the money . 
C:  I  I don't anticipate any problem 
C:  but we have to  ask . 
C:  Oh , so this was  <mike noise burst> You know , on the generation thing , 
C:  um 
C:  if  sh y she 's really going to do that , then we should be able to get prosody as well . 
C:  So it 'll say it 's nonsense with perfect intonation . 
C:  It 's the name of some program , 
C:  the  the synthesizer . 
C:  Orego 
C:  Or 
C:  Oregon @ @  Graduate Institute 
C:  It turns out there 's the long - standing links with these guys in the speech group . 
C:  Very long . 
C:  In fact , there 's this guy who 's basically got a joint appointment , 
C:  Hynek  Hermansky . 
C:  He 's - spends a fair amount of time here . 
C:  Anyway . 
C:  Leave it . 
C:  Won't be a problem . 
C:  I did . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  You know , i Yeah , it  
C:  I i 
C:  Yeah . Well , it it 's fine . 
C:  Anyway . 
C:  Um . 
C:  But c the meeting looks like it 's , it 's gonna be good . 
C:  So . 
C:  I think it 's uh  
C:  Yeah , I  I ra I ran across it in  I don't even know where , 
C:  you know  some just  some weird place . 
C:  And , uh , yeah , I I 'm surprised I didn't know about it 
C:  since we know all the invited speakers , 
C:  an 
C:  Right , or some 
C:  Anyway . 
C:  So  But anyway , 
C:  yeah . 
C:  I so I  I did see that . 
C:  Oh wha Yeah . Before we get started on this st 
C:  so I also had a nice email correspondence with Daphne Kohler , who said yes indeed she would love to work with us on the , um ,  you know , using these structured belief - nets and stuff 
C:  but  starting in August , 
C:  that she 's also got a new student working on this and that we should get in touch with them again in August 
C:  and then we 'll figure out a way for you  uh  you to get seriously connected with , um their group . 
C:  So 
C:  that 's , uh  looks pretty good . 
C:  And um  
C:  Yeah , I 'll say it now . 
C:  So , um  
C:  And it looks to me like  we 're now at a good point to do something  start working on something really hard . 
C:  We 've been so far working on things that are easy . 
C:  Uh , w Which is  mental spaces and uh  and - or  
C:  Huh ? 
C:  It 's a hard puzzle . 
C:  But the other part of it is the way they connect to these , uh , probabilistic relational models . 
C:  So  there 's all the problems that the linguists know about , about mental spaces , and the cognitive linguists know about , 
C:  but then there 's this problem of the belief - net people have only done a moderately good job of dealing with temporal belief - nets . 
C:  Uh , which they call dynamic  
C:  they incorrectly call dynamic belief - nets . 
C:  So there 's a term " dynamic belief - net " , doesn't mean that . 
C:  It means time slices . 
C:  And Srini used those and people use them . 
C:  Uh . But 
C:  one of the things I w would like to do over the next , uh , month , it may take more ,  is to st understand to what extent we can not only figure out the constructions for them for multiple worlds 
C:  and 
C:  uh sort of what the formalism will look like and where the slots and fillers will be , but also what that would translate into in terms of belief - net and the inferences . 
C:  So the story is that if you have these probabilistic relational models , they 're set up , in principle , so that you can make new instances 
C:  and instances connect to each other , and all that sort of stuff , 
C:  so it should be feasible to set them up in such a way that if you 've got the past tense and the present tense and each of those is a separate  uh , belief structure that they do their inferences with just the couplings that are appropriate . 
C:  But that 's g that 's , as far as I can tell , it 's  it 's putting together two real hard problems . 
C:  One is the linguistic part of what are the couplings 
C:  and  and when you have a certain , uh , construction , that implies certain couplings and other couplings , 
C:  you know , between let 's say between the past and the present , 
C:  or any other one of these things 
C:  and then we have this inference problem of exactly technically how does the belief - net work 
C:  if it 's got um , let 's say one in  in , you know , different tenses 
C:  or my beliefs and your beliefs , 
C:  or any of these other ones of  of multiple models . 
C:  So um 
C:  you know , in the long run we need to solve both of those 
C:  and my suggestion is that we start digging into them both , uh , in a way we that , you know , th 
C:  hopefully turns out to be consistent , 
C:  so that the  
C:  Um . 
C:  And sometimes it 's actually easier to solve two hard problems than one 
C:  because they constrain each other . 
C:  I mean if you 've got huge ra huge range of possible choices 
C:  um  
C:  We 'll see . 
C:  But anyway , so that 's , um  
C:  Right . 
C:  That 's great . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  No , I know , I th I I think that is gonna be sort of the key to this wh to th the big project of the summer of  of getting the constructions right 
C:  is that people do manage to do this 
C:  so there probably are some , uh , relatively clean rules , 
C:  they 're just not context - free trees . 
C:  And if we  if the formalism is  is good , then we should be able to have , you know , sort of moderate scale thing . 
C:  And that by the way is  is , Keith , what I encouraged George to be talking with you about . 
C:  Not the formalism yet 
C:  but the phenomena . 
C:  The p 
C:  And  
C:  Oh , another thing , 
C:  um 
C:  there was this , uh thing that Nancy agreed to in a  in a weak moment this morning that 
C:  Uh , sorry . In a  in a friendly moment . 
C:  Anyway , uh , that we were  that we 're gonna try to get a uh , first cut at the revised formalism by the end of next week . 
C:  OK ? 
C:  Probably skipping the mental spaces part . 
C:  Uh , just trying to write up essentially what  what you guys have worked out so that everybody has something to look at . 
C:  We 've talked about it , but only the innermost inner group currently , uh , 
C:  knows , uh 
C:  Right . 
C:  Well that that  yeah th there 's one of the advantages of a document , right ? , 
C:  is  is that it actually transfers from head to head . 
C:  So anyway . 
C:  So um  
C:  Huh ? 
C:  Communication , documentation and stuff . 
C:  Anyway , so , uh , with a little luck  
C:  Uh  l let 's , let 's have that as a goal anyway . 
C:  And  
C:  No , no , no . 
C:  No , w uh  we 're talking about a week fr e end of next week . 
C:  OK . Yeah , so  so someti sometime next week . 
C:  Now if it turns out that that effort leads us into some big hole that 's fine . 
C:  You know , if you say we 're  we 're dump  dump  dump . 
C:  There 's a really hard problem 
C:  we haven't solved yet  
C:  that , that 's just fine . 
C:  Right , t t if  to the extent that we have it , let 's write it 
C:  and to the extent we don't , let 's find out what we need to do . 
C:  So , uh 
C:  I think it is , 
C:  but  uh  but I interrupted before Keith got to tell us what happened with " where is the Powder - Tower ? " or whatever 
C:  Uh  
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Uh w that 's a s 
C:  OK , so that 's a  that 's a separate issue . 
C:  So I a I I th I agree with you that , um , it 's a disaster to try to make separate constructions for every uh , pragmatic reading , 
C:  although there are some that will need to be there . 
C:  I mean , there there 's some that  
C:  You can't do that either . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But , you know , c um  almost certainly " can you pass the salt " is a construction worth noting that there is this th this  this  this  uh 
C:  Ri 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Exactly . Yeah . 
C:  And I guess , see , the more important thing at this stage is that we should be able to know how we would handle it in ei 
C:  f in the short run it 's more important to know how we would treat  technically what we would do if we decided A and what we would do if we decided B , than it is t to decide A or B r right now . 
C:  W we know for sure that we have to be able to do both . 
C:  So I guess <mouth> In the short run , let 's  let 's be real clear on h what the two alternatives would be . 
C:  It was terrible . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah . So that 's certainly  more  realistic . 
C:  I m I mean psychologically . 
C:  Now technically 
C:  Um 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  You could do that . 
C:  Um . 
C:  But here 's  here 's a way  
C:  in th in the bl Bayes - net you could  you could think about it this way , that if um  at the time " admissions fee " was mentioned  you could increase the probability  that someone wanted to enter . 
C:  Fair enough , OK , 
C:  but , but , in terms of the c c the current implementation  
C:  right ? 
C:  so that 
C:  um 
C:  th that th the  the  the conditional probability that someone  
C:  So at the time you mentioned it  
C:  This is  this is essentially the Bayes - net equivalent of the spreading activation . 
C:  It 's  In some ways it 's not as good 
C:  but it 's  the implementation we got . 
C:  We don't have a connectionist implementation . 
C:  Now  Now my guess is that it 's not a question of time but it is a question of whether another  intervening object has been mentioned . 
C:  I mean , we could look at dialo 
C:  this is  
C:  Of course the other thing we ha we do is , is we have this data coming 
C:  which probably will blow all our theories , 
C:  but  <laugh> but skipping that  
C:  so  so  but my guess is what  what 'll probably will happen , Here 's a  here 's a proposed design .  is that there 're certain constructions which , uh , for our purposes do change the probabilities of EVA decisions and various other kinds 
C:  and 
C:  th that the , uh , standard way that  that the these contexts work is sort of stack - like or whatever , 
C:  but that 's sort of the most recent thing . 
C:  And so it could be that  when another uh , en tourist entity gets mentioned , you 
C:  re re essentially re - initiali you know , re - i essentially re - initialize the  state . 
C:  And of course i if we had a fancier one with multiple worlds you could have  uh , you could keep track of what someone was  uh saying about this and that . 
C:  You know , " I wanna go  in the morning 
C:  I wanna  " 
C:  Yeah , or  Yeah , in the morning morning I I 'm planning t to go shopping , 
C:  in the afternoon to the Powder - Tower  
C:  Uh , tal so I 'm talking about shopping 
C:  and then you say , uh , you know , well , um " What 's it cost ? " or something . 
C:  Or  
C:  Anyway . 
C:  So one could well imagine , 
C:  but not yet . 
C:  But I do th think that the   It 'll turn out that it 's gonna be  depend pretty much on whether there 's been an override . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah , I th th 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , and  and  and the simple idea is that it 's on it 's only for m for the current uh , tourist e entity of instre interest . 
C:  No , no . It 's  it  It goes the other d it goes in the other direction . 
C:  Is  
C:  When th When the  this is mentioned ,  the uh probability of  of , let 's say , entering changes 
C:  changes . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Now , uh  But I think Ro - Robert 's right , that to determine that , OK ? you may well want to go through a th thesaurus 
C:  and  and  
C:  So , if the issue is , if  so now th this construction has been matched and you say " OK . Does this actually have any implications for our decisions ? " Then there 's another piece of code <mouth> that presumably  does that computation . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
C:  But  but what 's Robert 's saying is  is , 
C:  and I think he 's right ,  is you don't want to try to build into the construction itself all the synonyms and all  you know , all the wo 
C:  Uh 
C:  maybe . 
C:  I 'll have to think about that . 
C:  I don't know . 
C:  I mean it  th <inbreath> I can thi I can think of arguments in either direction on that . 
C:  But somehow you want to do it . 
C:  Oh , wel Well , the ar the  The argument is that you 're gonna have the  
C:  If you 've recognized the word , 
C:  you 've recognized the word , which means you have a lexical construction for it , 
C:  so you could just as well tag the lexical construction with the fact that it 's a uh , you know , thirty percent increase in probability of entering . 
C:  You  So you could  you could  you could invert  invert the whole thing , so you s you tag that information on to  the lexicon 
C:  since you had to recognize it anyway . 
C:  That  that 's the argument in the other direction . 
C:  at  at  
C:  Yeah , and this is  
C:  Yeah there 's , yeah ther there 's that as well . 
C:  Good . 
C:  OK .  <inbreath> Well , this  this is highly relevant to someone 's thesis . 
C:  You 've noticed that . 
C:  OK . 
C:  So the point is , it 's very likely that Robert 's thesis is going to be along these lines , 
C:  and the local rules are if it 's your thesis , you get to decide how it 's done . 
C:  OK . So if , you know  if this is  seriously , if this becomes part of your thesis , you can say , hey we 're gonna do it this way , that 's the way it 's done . 
C:  No , no , no ! 
C:  No , no . We 've got a lot  we 've got a lot of theses going . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . So h he 's got a th he 's got a meet meeting in Germany with his thesis advisor . 
C:  Oh , right . 
C:  Um . 
C:  Yeah . So I think  in fact , That 's the other thing . 
C:  uh , this is  this is , speaking of hard problems ,  this is a very good time um , to start trying to make explicit where construal comes in 
C:  and  you know , where c where the construction per - se ends  and where construal comes in , 
C:  cuz this is clearly part of th 
C:  Huh ? 
C:  Well I said . But that 's part of what the f 
C:  Yeah . Well , he 's gonna need this . 
C:  Right . So . <laugh> Right . So thing  That 's part of why we want the formalism , 
C:  is  is because th it is gonna have implicit in it 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . Well I  That 's tentative . 
C:  They aren't decisions , 
C:  they 're ju they 're just proposals . 
C:  Yeah , that  That 's the point , is  is th 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah .   Anyway . But so that 's that 's w 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  No . 
C:  Uh . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Well , we  we  we will , 
C:  but um 
C:  not  
C:  Yes . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So 
C:  Ri - No . Absolutely . 
C:  So , uh , wh you had  you know you ha You had done one draft . 
C:  And a another draft 
C:  OK . 
C:  D i 
C:  I i 
C:  I  this is  I 'm shocked . 
C:  This is the first time I 've seen a thesis proposal change . 
C:  Right . Anyway , uh . <laugh> So . 
C:  But , yeah , a second  that would be great . 
C:  So , uh , a sec I mean you 're gonna need it anyway . 
C:  and 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yep . 
C:  Both proof . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Uh 
C:  So that , so th thi this  I mean , so this is the point , is we  we 're going to have to cycle through this , 
C:  but th the draft of the p proposal on the constructions is  is going to tell us a lot about  what  we think needs to be done by construal . 
C:  And , um , we oughta be doing it . 
C:  And the NTL meeting moved to Wednesday , 
C:  cuz of  of , uh 
C:  Yeah , you weren't here , 
C:  but  but  but  s uh ,  And so , if that 's OK with you , 
C:  you would  
C:  Yeah , it was th 
C:  Right . 
C:  OK . 
C:  The only disadvantage  is that it may interfere with other 
C:  s you know , other  other  
C:  No , you  Uh , people in this group connecting with  with 
C:  those people  who  who might not be around so much . 
C:  Uh , I don't care . 
C:  I I uh you know I have no fixed  
C:  OK . 
C:  No , that 's fine . 
C:  I mean that  
C:  Well p 
C:  people  people differ in their tastes in this matter . 
C:  I  I 'm neutral . 
C:  Yeah . @ @ That 's  Me too . 
C:  I 'm basically  I 'm here . 
C:  So . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Interesting . 
C:  So you 're proposing that we meet Tuesday . 
C:  I  I could 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK , whate I mean  What I think Robert 's saying is that 
C:  earlier we  
C:  At least for next week , there 's a lot of stuff we want to get done , 
C:  so why don't we plan to meet Monday 
C:  and  we 'll see if we want to meet any more than that . 
C:  Oh , I i  Yeah , I actually  Two is the earliest I can meet on Monday . 
C:  Here I 'm blissfully agreeing to things and realizing that I actually do have some stuff scheduled on Monday . 
C:  Well m @ @ you know , w maybe Mond - Maybe we can put  This is part of what we can do Monday , if we want . 
C:  Is some  some version 
C:  OK . 
C:  Abso 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah , now , we we w 
C:  Great . OK . 
C:  Yeah . Simspec may need  we may n need to re - name that . 
C:  OK ? So let 's think of a name for  for whatever the  this intermediate structure is . 
C:  Oh , we talked about semspec , for " semantic spec specification " 
C:  and that seems  
C:  Um . 
C:  You know , so it 's a m minimal change . 
C:  Yeah . Just  
C:  Right . 
C:  Right , a little substi substi 
C:  You know , that 's what text substitution uh macros are for . 
C:  Anyway , uh , so let 's  let 's for the moment call it that until we think of something better . 
C:  And , yeah , we absolutely need to find  
C:  Part of what was missing were markings of all sorts that weren't in there , 
C:  incl including the questions  
C:  We didn't  we never did figure out how we were gonna do emphasis in  in uh , the semspec . 
C:  But that 's part of the formalism  
C:  is got to be uh , how things like that get marked . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Alright , which is 
C:  Skolemization . 
C:  In  in logic , it 's  it 's  @ @  it 's actual Huh ? 
C:  What ? 
C:  That - that 's not  that 's not saying it 's bad , 
C:  it 's just that  
C:  that  that  the logicians have  have , uh  
C:  Good . 
C:  Yeah . Well , if  if  I mean , i part of  of what the exercise is , t by the end of next week , is to say what are the things that we just don't have answers for yet . 
C:  That 's fine . 
C:  I mean 
C:  Wel - then t Hans . 
C:  Has  I haven't seen Hans Boas ? 
C:  OK . So has he been  been involved with this , 
C:  or  ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . This is consistent with um the role I had suggested that he  he play , 
C:  OK , which was  that o one of the things I would like to see happen is a paper that was tentatively called " Towards a formal cognitive semantics " 
C:  which was addressed to these linguists  uh  who haven't been following  this stuff at all . 
C:  So  it could be that he 's actually , at some level , thinking about how am I going to  communicate this story  
C:  So , internally , we should just do  whatever works , 
C:  cuz it 's hard enough . 
C:  But  if he g if he turns  is  is really gonna turn around and help t to write this version that does  connect with as many as possible of the  other linguists in the world um  then  then it becomes important to  use terminology that doesn't make it hard  
C:  I mean , it 's gonna be plenty hard for  for people to understand it as it is , 
C:  but y y you don't want to make it worse . 
C:  So . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah , yeah .  No , that 's fine . 
C:  I just wanted t to 
C:  I have to catch up with him , and I wanted t to get a feeling for that . OK . 
C:  OK . Good . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Well , that 's good . That 's  I I I think that should be the  the core group 
C:  and  um 
C:  that 's , you know , I think  very close to the maximum number of people working together that can get something done . 
C:  I  I  I  I definitely get that impression . Yeah . 
C:  That 's great . 
C:  Well , but  Well . But th th then w then we have to come back to the bigger group . 
C:  Yeah .   Great . And then we 're gon we 're gonna  
C:  because of this other big thing we haven't talked about is  actually implementing this stuff ? 
C:  So that I guess the three of us are gonna connect tomorrow about that . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Well , it  
C:  Yeah , it has to in the sense that you 're gonna use them eventu 
C:  it 's  you know , it 's sort of a , um , generate and test kind of thing , 
C:  and if you over - generate then you 'll have to do more . 
C:  I mean , if there are some constraints that you hold back and don't use uh , in your initial matching then you 'll match some things  
C:  I mean , I  I d I don't think there 's any way that it could completely fail . 
C:  It  it could be that uh , you wind up  
C:  I mean  
C:  The original bad idea of purely context - free grammars died because  there were just vastly too many parses . 
C:  You know , exponentially num num many parses . 
C:  And so th the concern might be that  not that it would totally fail , but that  
C:  it would still genera 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  We don't know , 
C:  but , yeah . 
C:  No question . Yeah . 
C:  And I think it 's a  it 's a perfectly fine place to start . 
C:  You know , and say , let let 's see how far we can go this way . 
C:  And , uh  
C:  I 'm  I 'm in favor of that . 
C:  Uh , cuz I think i I think it 's  As you know , I think it 's real hard and if w if we  
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  DDR , he asked ? 
