C:   . <other> I did get a bit more done than the last time , 

A:  Uh we have again three presentations and then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to uh  f the remote control has to support . 

D:  So welcome to the marketing presentation once again . 

D:  Um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public , because that's our public . 

D:  fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing , uh shoes and furniture . 

D:  oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours . 

D:  most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel . Instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel . 

D:  And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative . 

D:  I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition , 

D:  And the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use . 

D:  Well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect . 

D:  Uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing , and and some fruit and colours 

D:  <laugh> Just made a quick design . 

C:  I'm dealing with the components design . 

C:  I uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products . 

C:  Uh for example the energy source . we have four types . 

C:  Uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing , if you shake it . 

C:  And uh of course solar cells . 

C:  for the uh a case , there's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case . 

C:  but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it's daring and different from what we have now . 

C:  Well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic , the wood and the titanium . 

C:  We have yeah several uh interface designs . 

C:  the advanced chip I think is easiest to implement uh for the production , 'cause they they can print it better . 

C:  I first uh chose for the battery , 'cause yeah I'm traditional and that's the most obvious , easiest choice to go to . 

C:  I can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make . 

D:  and  especially when the material's rubber . It can be done , I mean , you can't harm it , 

D:  So double curved is like this , this , this , or  

C:  No it means curved in two dimensions . 

B:  One one uh very important thing I was uh yeah thinking about is the speech uh option . 

A:  I think you can just uh match the speech commands with the functions that are already present . 

B:  But do uh j do we uh do the speech just for the basic options , for the simple buttons ? 

B:  in the in the last uh meeting we uh we were yeah putting the the simple and the advanced options separated . 

B:  Pressing the the menu option uh will disable uh all other options on your uh remote control . 

B:  but this is the the the simple uh layout . 

B:  And uh if there are older people they wanted more uh yeah more uh luxurous  so that's an a also an option . 

A:  So we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy . 

D:  Rubber material . 

A:  Advanced chip . Okay . 

C:  I'm just thinking , this is not my department , but I I'm not sure what this is gonna cost , 

A:  I didn't get any information about that so  

A:  Uh do you have a picture of doubly curved case ? 

B:  This is the the menu I was uh looking uh at . 

C:  S see this is the the the standard traditional type , where the form uh yeah serves the function , you know . 

C:  But this m is more appealing to old people and we don't want that . 

C:  And th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions . 

C:  where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold . And  

B:  Th this looks a little bit like like for only for children . So  

C:  Yeah but that's that's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually , 

C:  Yeah , and the and the rubber , it it will look cheap always , 

B:  Okay but the the colours , you you can make it uh make the colours with  LEDs uh beneath the the buttons . 

C:  And this is , this is with the curved that I mean . 

A:  Well we could make a compromise between that . 

A:  Uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved . So to appeal a little more to the all the public . 

D:  Yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then ? 

C:  I would go for the double curved . 

C:  I mean our aim is to make something different right ? 

C:  And I I'm I'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette , where you have the shape for your thumb . 

B:  but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons . 

C:  You can make a trigger button or something like that . 

C:  and we need something that well that  that you can able to use in one hand I think . 

D:  But from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape . 

D:  A little upwards . So that the screen is more 

D:  So then you have double double curved in some way . 

C:  How about we do a uh a pop-up screen , like the laptop . 

A:  If you can uh flip . 

D:  But I dunno if that's too expensive . 

A:  Okay so the buttons are on top here , and you flip it over that way . 

A:  and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically . 

D:  So  okay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open . 

C:  Well yeah the the idea of it was , is that because you close it , you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever . 

C:  We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break . 

C:   or do we wanna make its shape look like a banana or something ? 

A:  I think that uh it's a nice design . 

D:  Yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape . 

A:  So the keywords are primary co colours , spongey ? 

A:  And ergonomical shape . Yeah . 

C:  I would give it a female shape 

D:  I don't know what what colours should the basic print be like ? 

A:  Orange or something . 

D:  and then and then very bright , uh a yellow banana , <other> an orange , uh a green apple , stuff like that , 

C:  Yeah w we need very primary colours , like bright red , bright yellow . 

B:  Yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the LEDs on the on the remote control . 

B:  If you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour , then it's just a neutral colour , 

D:  <laugh> That doesn't really work . To draw , I guess . 

D:  So that's that's a dark blue basic colour I guess . 

D:  Yeah with some some yellow banana  

C:  So it  not not only in in the colours <other> of the LEDs , that we want something to keep it visible at all times , 

C:  'cause I remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often . 

D:  I mean , the the colour of the background of the display ? 

D:  So just just a <other> a blue blue backlight or something like that . 

B:  maybe a maybe a white a white backlight ? 

C:  But don't we wanna make the background the the bright colo colours ? So th the total of the thing is very bright ? 

D:  But then then again , which colour should the buttons be ? 

D:  But maybe the buttons , all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people . 

C:  <other> Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate . Even for colourblind . 

D:  So red buttons are okay ? 

D:  You better bet better better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I guess . 

C:  what we should do I think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button , with uh one coloured LED behind it . 

A:  but  uh basically you two are going to work on the smartboard . 

A:  You will do the evaluation . 

A:  <laugh> You probably get a mail . 

A:  Yeah but maybe you can do the evaluation  you don't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow . 

C:  So we're gonna work here ? On this sketchboard ? 

B:  But we have to do it at this moment , after th this meeting ? 

A:  Yeah you have uh 

