A:  <other> I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes . 
A:  <laugh> Um we decided that , or we know that we need to use company colours , company logo . 
A:  our Marketing Expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users . 
A:  Um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before . 
A:  Um which were all things we were thinking we would  wanna make it simple . Um  
A:  And that it should look different than what's out there . 
A:  Um uh I think we decided that um the expense was not necessarily worth it , 
A:  Um and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote , because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity . 
A:  I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be . Um  
A:  <other> Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand . <other> 
A:  And with a scrolling um function also . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager reviewed the minutes of the previous meeting.

D:  I was given a brief executive summary , and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at . 
D:  Um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design , 
D:  Um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative . 
D:  And thirdly the remote would be easy to use . 
D:  And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own , but this just backs it up . 
D:  As far as fashion update , we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . 
D:  Um and also , as opposed to last year , this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel . 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert discussed the results of trend watching reports which indicated a need for products which have a fancy look and feel, are technologically innovative, easy to use, include a fruit and vegetable theme, and are spongy in feel.

D:  We need to keep it simple , have limited buttons , 
D:  But I think that , even if it's very subtle , we need to kind of trick our consumers , 
D:  so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and  
D:  We brought up the idea of having two pieces , which we could discuss further . 
D:  Um <laugh> we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables . 
A:  Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones ? 
D:  Personalise your remote . 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert stressed the need to incorporate these findings into the team's design and suggested that the team should create a remote that has limited buttons , can be personalized, and is not rectangular.

C:  Um I was sent some information from the company saying that they , the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology , where you can program questions into such devices . 
C:  They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question , you program the answer , and the machine responds accordingly . 
C:  There's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote . 
C:  Um there's a graphical use , where you you look at pictures and well on a screen . 
C:  A command line where you obviously type things in , and you get a response . 
C:  Um and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes . 
abst_sum - abstract: The user interface designer briefly described how speech recognition technology works and what ways a user can use a remote.

C:  So , then I had a look at new products that are on the market . 
C:  Um this is the voice , there is a voice recognition remote control , which can control mus multiple devices . 
C:  And then on the right is obviously an iPod , 
C:  and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through . 
C:  And nothing's simpler really . 
C:  Um then there's things like this , which is a a a kid's remote , 
C:  where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before . 
C:  So I don't know  if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components , 
C:  Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing , where if it was to have a speech recognition thing , 
C:  And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier , as the actual remote . 
C:  it could be a graphical display , the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus . 
abst_sum - abstract: The user interface designer presented three existing products on the market - a voice recognition remote, an iPod, and a children's remote - and discussed a few features to include in the team's design.

B:  The details of the components' design , as you can see there , what we have is the board , main board of the remote control . 
B:  top left side you can see the chip , which is the , what we were talking about , this was is the device to recognise the signals the input , 
B:  <cough> Its job is to wait for you to press a key , then to translate that key press into infrared light signals , um that are received by the television . 
B:  <cough> Um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time . 
B:  We are talking something more complicated of course , it's going to be more expensive as well . 
B:  Um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell , or in the material that we could use for our outer shell . 
B:  So we what we can use is plastic , rubber , wood and titanium . 
B:  Can also mix these . 
B:  Um what we could use is , or what I was offered , or what we could use , is a basic bateer battery . 
B:  So um obviously I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really . 
B:  Um solar cell is interesting . 
B:  <other> May fail though , every here and there . 
B:  Um the kinetic energy thing um might work , um but the same problem . 
B:  You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work . 
B:  So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery . 
B:  our interface options are push-buttons . 
B:  however <other> when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well . 
B:  If we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that I've just presented , um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well . 
B:  solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control . 
B:  With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design . 
B:  With plastic , as I understand it , you can use any form . 
B:  <other> With rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it , 
B:  but we cannot add scroll wheels , and we cannot add an L_C_D_ screen . 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the restrictions involved in combining various components, energy sources, and materials.

C:  And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . 
A:  Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? 
B:  How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ? 
B:  Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , 
B:  but uh give it like the surface of 
B:  an orange , banana , whatever . 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer also discussed with the how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into their design.

D:  So is the two piece idea out ? 
C:  Well we sort of   rid of that because  gonna use a battery . 
B:  Well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base , having one of them be a base station , 
A:  <other> Energy source I think we've , I think we've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet . 
B:  Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as I said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . 
A:  So I guess the case would be plastic , 
A:  with  Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . 
A:  It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe . 
D:  So then for the scroll , are we going for the iPod type ? 
A:  <other> Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The team then discussed and decided what components, materials, and energy sources to use.

A:  Um Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design . Um  
abst_sum - action: The user interface designer will work on the user interface design.

A:  Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design . 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will work on the look and feel design.

A:  Corrine we'll want a product evaluation . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will work on a product evaluation.

A:  And the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh 
A:  maybe and and get us a prototype . 
A:  basically  just be working on the prototype , <other> uh we'll accomplish your other two actions . 
abst_sum - action: The user interface designer and industrial designer will work on a prototype

B:  So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery . 
A:  <other> Energy source I think we've , I think we've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will use conventional batteries.

A:  So I guess the case would be plastic , 
A:  with  Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . 
A:  It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe . 
abst_sum - decisions: The case will be made of plastic with rubber grips.

D:  So then for the scroll , are we going for the iPod type ? 
C:  Yeah I think so . 
A:  <other> Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ? 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will feature a scroll function similar to the scroll function found on iPods.
The remote will use a more expensive, advanced chip-on-print.

C:  And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . 
A:  Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? 
abst_sum - problems: How to have a curved remote made with rubber.

D:  I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable . 
D:  Or with exterior designs . 
D:  So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable , 
A:  Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? 
A:  I would say , if I were to make a decision , I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance . 
D:  I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous , 
B:  How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ? 
B:  Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , 
B:  an orange , banana , whatever . 
B:  but uh give it like the surface of 
abst_sum - problems: How to include a fruit and vegetable theme.

B:  Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as I said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . 
A:  <other> Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ? 
abst_sum - problems: What sort of chip to use.

A:  Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? 
C:  And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . 
A:  So I guess the case would be plastic , 
A:  with  Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to use plastic or rubber.

