A:  The first kick-off meeting . 
A:  First the opening , 
A:  then the rest . 
A:  We m have to make a new remote control . 
A:  It has to be original , trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  So we will get back th on that . 
A:  First we have to make a functional design . 
A:  After that we have to make a conceptual design , 
A:  and then after that a detailed design . 
A:  So we'll discuss that later . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: For the first meeting, the task of designing a remote control was briefly introduced along with the plan for the subsequent meetings.

A:  So first to  we have to make a small painting . 
A:  First you can save the documents . 
A:  We have to do that every time we make something . 
A:  And we have to use <other> the pen and the eraser . 
A:  We all have to use this one . 
A:  So I'll make an example . 
A:  Um you can change some things . 
A:  Um format , line , and change it .   
A:  <laugh> And you can change the colour . 
A:  So and after it you have to save it . 
C:  An elephant . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> So you're next . 
C:  Uh a bird . 
D:  Now save ? 
D:  Okay . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Suggest Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group then drew animals to practise using the drawing platform.

A:  First I wanna hear from you . 
A:  Uh what are your experiences with remote controls . 
C:  Big one , they are uh not easy to use . 
C:  And uh g big buttons , 
C:  <other> m uh that's easier to use than uh  I think . 
C:  Big buttons , positive . 
B:  Uh well I think the the the goal of a remote control is that it's it it has an influence on the T_V_ set . 
B:  And that it controls the channels and the the volume . 
B:  And uh I I I think it's positive if there's a a LED uh uh a LED on the corner of the of the remote . 
B:  And that if you push the button the LED uh gives a light , and uh and you see that it's working . 
B:  But I  my my experience is that it it it's convenient to have that . 
D:  Uh at home we have a T_V_ , a video uh recorder , a D_V_D_ player , and a satellite receiver . 
D:  We have uh four distinctive remote controls for that . 
D:  That's not really ea easy . 
D:  So it would be nice if we have one for all . 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They discussed their likes and dislikes regarding current remote controls, including ease of use, multiple systems and power indicators.

A:  For our own remote control we have to think how do we make it . 
A:  So what ideas do you have for it , for the new remote control ? 
C:  The weight . Not not too heavy . 
C:  Not much buttons . 
C:  That when you drop it , it won't break . 
C:  Like uh some kind of rubber on it . 
C:  Or hard uh hard plastic . 
C:  Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control , sometimes it happen . Uh it between the couch and you can't find it . 
C:  When you push a but a button on the T_V_ , then you hear some   uh some sort of bleep . 
B:  Yeah well that's  that are good ideas . Uh  
B:  And looking on the budget , not too expensive uh material . 
B:  So probably plastic or something . Uh  
D:  Yeah I think it uh  from a marketing point of view , it also has to look nice . 
D:  on our website we can see what products we already have . 
D:  And it should work with as many uh as possible of them . 
C:  Uh it it won't take a lot of batteries . 
C:  So you don't  won't have to change the batteries uh once a week or uh once every two weeks . 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They then offered suggestions as to what they would like from their remote.

C:  The weight . Not not too heavy . 
C:  Not much buttons . 
C:  That when you drop it , it won't break . 
C:  Like uh some kind of rubber on it . 
C:  Or hard uh hard plastic . 
C:  Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control , sometimes it happen . Uh it between the couch and you can't find it . 
C:  When you push a but a button on the T_V_ , then you hear some   uh some sort of bleep . 
B:  And looking on the budget , not too expensive uh material . 
B:  So probably plastic or something . Uh  
D:  Yeah I think it uh  from a marketing point of view , it also has to look nice . 
D:  on our website we can see what products we already have . 
D:  And it should work with as many uh as possible of them . 
C:  Uh it it won't take a lot of batteries . 
C:  So you don't  won't have to change the batteries uh once a week or uh once every two weeks . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They would like the remote to be durable, for it to include a device to help find it when lost and not use too many batteries.

None

abst_sum - action: *NA*.

None

abst_sum - decisions: *NA*.

None

abst_sum - problems: *NA*

