A:  Okay . Uh first of all I'll start with the costs , 
A:  because that's going to influence our design . 
A:  Because we have a problem . 
D:  It has to be twelve and a half . 
A:  You're going to redesign something . 
A:  Okay , so we're at twenty five . 
descriptions: Offer Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager decided to start by looking at costs instead of the prototype presentation because the original design was too expensive and had to be changed.

A:  Do we keep the shape doubly curved or g do we go for single curved ? 
C:  Well I guess i we'll have to go for single curve then . 
A:  Uh another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you can't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows . 
B:  But we don't have any basic options any more . 
A:  They don't need special colours . 
D:  <cough> So let's go for the plastic . 
D:  So the only option is an hand dynamo . 
B:  drop the the special colour , and uh do the special colour for the buttons . 
D:  Yeah it has to be curved and has to have that colour . 
descriptions: Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Suggest Assess Assess Suggest Inform Suggest Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group discussed which features should be dropped.

C:   I mean we're gonna use the L_C_D_ screen anyway . So we'll just have to use it for everything . 
B:  Could drop the speech recognition . <laugh> 
D:  There are more people who like speech recognition than an L_C_D_ screen . 
D:  Yeah . Let's drop the speech . 
descriptions: Assess Suggest Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group decided that the LCD screen was integral to their design, but dropped the speech recognition.

C:  That was exactly my point . Like let's drop all the buttons , and just make one 
C:   I mean we're gonna use the L_C_D_ screen anyway . So we'll just have to use it for everything . 
D:  Integrated scroll-wheel push-button , yeah . 
C:  we need one integrated button for everything then . 
B:  But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons . 
A:  if you lose the the Back , the Okay button  Uh v let's say we only have the four arrows , and the Menu button . 
B:  With with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing . 
A:  Yeah but it's just a scroll-wheel which you can push down . So  
D:  Okay . Make it a special colour and then it look fancy . 
descriptions: Inform Assess Assess Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Assess Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They decided to drop all the buttons in favour of an integrated scroll push-button, and to use a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy as a power source.

D:  We all have to keep in mind what has changed now . 
D:  So what we have left on the  Because evaluation is based on the initial uh user requirements . 
D:  Well we evaluate uh the design with a seven point scale , as following . 
D:  Well the criteria are based on the user requirements , uh the trends from the marketing research , and the marketing strategy of the company itself . 
D:  And we all have to uh agree on a certain level . 
D:  Well the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user . 
C:  <other> I think it does . 
C:  Because the operating  behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of L_C_D_ , 
D:  Okay well I say still two , but it has to be three then . 
D:  The remote control has irrelevant or less used functions . 
D:  <laugh> Yeah . Well , yeah . So it it's a very true point . I mean it hides all those function . 
D:  It shows the relevant and most used functions . 
C:  It automatically has the the programme and the volume function , 
C:  Okay five . 
D:  Uh the the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition . 
A:  Yeah , I say two . 
D:  Okay , it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints , primary colours and sponge-like material . 
C:  So we still uh we still have the primary colours . But only on the on the outside , not on the button . 
C:  Yeah still we we dropped also on the the double uh curve . 
D:  <laugh> It should have been two questions . <laugh> I realise now , because <laugh> sponge-like material is dropped . 
D:  . So maybe in the middle or something . 
C:  Actually we d we didn't do so well on this one . 
C:  I mean the sponge-like and the three D_ shape , that would give it something young and fresh . 
D:  Uh the remote control displays the corporate logo . <laugh> 
D:  But there's uh enough space for the corporate logo . I mean , <laugh> if there's only one thing . 
C:  And even the shape we have now uh simulates kind of an R_ and the reversed R_ , 
D:  <laugh> The remote control is easy to use . 
D:  Skill , uh I would say six , or something . I don't think it's easy to use , or not so . 
C:  <other> The only e the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers . 'Cause it has only one button . 
D:  Yeah . Well I I would say a five or a six . 
C:  It's really not easy to use . 
D:  uh the remote control is durable . 
C:  Definitely in casing , 'cause we have a hard plastic 
C:  Yeah because the the batteries , those thingies last forever . 
D:  Yeah . If you don't drop it too much , it's uh should last pretty long . 
D:  But uh I think rubber compared is better . So I think a two is more appropriate 
D:  Okay I will go  go for two . 
D:  The remote control's a good example for company's motto , we put the fashion in electronics . 
C:  Because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have . 
D:  But it all has to do with the budget , because it's it's not the bad idea we had , so  
B:  Yeah , four is okay . 
D:  So if I understood it right , we have to count these numbers . 
D:  Yeah just add them and then uh divide them . 
D:  I all made it possible uh for a positive questions , so we can count it . 
C:  And then you can count them together . 
D:  That's uh three uh  <other> Or le less than a three . 
D:  makes three point one one one one one one one . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Assess Inform Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Assessment Suggest Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Inform Assess Elicit-Inform Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert led the prototype evaluation, based on the new design.

D:  makes three point one one one one one one one . 
A:  So we're better than average . 
descriptions: Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group were satisfied with the overall score of 3.1.

D:  Yeah we we have to maybe if we have to redesign it on this  <laugh> 
C:  Okay uh we're still gonna go for the fancy colours ? 
B:  Yeah we we can just uh use this one . And then uh over-paint it with uh uh the green uh  
A:  The the button has a special colour , the frame has a special colour . 
A:  Oh and you might want to add a uh infrared LED . 
A:  Well I have to um um make an uh report of every decision we made so far . 
A:  And I try to get chip just before uh I uh receive the Excel sheet . 
A:  but maybe you can help me . 
B:  Okay , but how do we make the the scroll uh button ? 
D:  The the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables , like primary colours , spongy shape . 
B:  Yeah , is it's horizontal or vertical ? 
A:  Well I think I have to make a p an issue called finance . 
B:  It's not very fashionable anymore . But uh it's okay . 
B:  Maybe that's a s a special colour for it . So we can make it uh special ? <laugh> 
C:   uh can we do a print ? 
B:  I'm not sure . 
C:  Shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty ? 
D:  We have the original balance sheet , or  
C:  Okay , it's not the prettiest , I know . 
D:  Maybe maybe it c it can say that . The Real Remote . 
C:  Shall we do the logo in black or not ? 
D:  it's it's single single curved . Th 
D:  it's it's better to have in the front , this kind of shape , because it looks nice . I 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Assessment Suggest Inform Suggest Offer Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Other Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Offer Assess Suggest Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Assess Suggest Elicit-Assessment Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer and user interface designer worked on a drawing of the new design, while the project manager and marketing manager worked on the final report.

A:  Oh yeah , we have to do the project uh evaluation . 
A:  So how were  did the project process uh go ? 
A:  Did you , were you all pleased with the process as it was ? 
C:  Yeah well at first I was really stressed . Because it went a bit fast . 
C:  But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on , the second time I think I did a bit better . 
D:  at first you you make your individual contribution , and then come here , and you have no idea what the others have to make . And 
D:  then finally you have some idea , okay this is gonna w this is what we gonna make together and okay I will arrange this and you will arrange that , and 
D:  you have a k a kind of idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own . So  The 
D:  process , I mean , the interaction between us became better and better I guess . Yeah 
B:  Yeah . Especially after the first meeting . 
C:  Well you did become more assertive the the second time round , so that  
A:  Um was there uh enough room for creativity ? 
B:  but only the the financial parts uh  
D:  not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of uh the 
D:  the board and uh PowerPoint and Word and stuff like that . Mm 
A:  So and the  uh about the board  digital pen ? 
D:  digital pen is better than the SMARTboard . Because 
D:  it it it just works better . I 
D:  the screen is useful , in essence , but it doesn't work that well . <laugh> <other> 
C:  And uh as I said , uh I uh have no idea how PowerPoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation . 
A:  Okay , are are there <laugh> any new ideas about this ? 
D:  use especially useful , I guess , to to evaluate designs and graph graphical stuff . And 
B:  I think the PowerPoint is is too limited . 
C:  Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well . 
D:  . But it it's useful to to show something to to an  a small audience , and then to  Yeah 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Inform Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager led an evaluation of the project process.

D:  process , I mean , the interaction between us became better and better I guess . Yeah 
B:  Yeah . Especially after the first meeting . 
descriptions: Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group thought that they worked well together, especially after the first meeting.

A:  Um was there uh enough room for creativity ? 
B:  but only the the financial parts uh  
D:  not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of uh the 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: They were happy with the room for creativity, but thought they were limited by the budget.

D:  the board and uh PowerPoint and Word and stuff like that . Mm 
A:  So and the  uh about the board  digital pen ? 
D:  digital pen is better than the SMARTboard . Because 
D:  it it it just works better . I 
D:  the screen is useful , in essence , but it doesn't work that well . <laugh> <other> 
C:  And uh as I said , uh I uh have no idea how PowerPoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation . 
B:  I think the PowerPoint is is too limited . 
C:  Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well . 
D:  . But it it's useful to to show something to to an  a small audience , and then to  Yeah 
descriptions: Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Inform Assess Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: They preferred the digital pens to the SMARTboard.  They had mixed feelings about using PowerPoint.

A:  <laugh> Yeah , I have still ten minutes to finish the report . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The project manager will complete the final report.

None

abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be single-curved.

D:  Yeah . Let's drop the speech . 
descriptions: Assess 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will no longer feature speech recognition, but will still have an LCD screen.

D:  <cough> So let's go for the plastic . 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: It will be made of plastic instead of rubber.

D:  Integrated scroll-wheel push-button , yeah . 
C:  we need one integrated button for everything then . 
B:  With with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing . 
descriptions: Assess Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: It will have one integrated scroll push-button and no other buttons.

D:  So the only option is an hand dynamo . 
D:  Let's let's go for the hand dynamo then . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be powered by a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy.

A:  Because we have a problem . 
D:  It has to be twelve and a half . 
A:  You're going to redesign something . 
A:  Okay , so we're at twenty five . 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Inform Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - problems: The group's original design was too expensive, costing 25 Euros, so the remote had to be substantially redesigned.

C:  I mean we have to drop on everything . 
A:  Uh another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you can't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows . 
B:  But we don't have any basic options any more . 
B:  But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons . 
B:  Could drop the speech recognition . <laugh> 
D:  There are more people who like speech recognition than an L_C_D_ screen . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Assess Inform Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - problems: The group were unsure about which features to drop and which to keep.

C:  It's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing . 
descriptions: Assess 
abst_sum - problems: The group felt they should have been given the information about costs before designing the prototype.

C:  I Are you sure we  this number actually tells us somethings ? 
C:  I don't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative . 
D:  Yeah , but there are no negative questions I guess . 
D:  So it were all positive questions , by uh by purpose . So  
C:  Yeah true . 
D:  Yes , so the  It tells us something , yes . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Assess Assess Assess 
abst_sum - problems: The industrial designer was unsure about the value of the evaluation score.

