(On) Everybody is busy,
so let's make this very quick.
Ehm, hmm, this is just an update, ehm,
so let's follow the agenda on the google document,
the presentation platform, uh,
Chiara, what do you mean by functionalities to be checked?
(Ki) Okay.
(On) Yeah.
<laugh>
(Ki) Do you hear me?
Yes, hm, okay.
We have refined the function of analyses of presentation platform 
and ehm, we would like to share it with you Ondrej and Dominik can your team.
In order to check if we misunderstood something,
or if there something  we need to add to our analyses, 
to check in- in this.
(On) Hmm, exactly.
So if you scroll down little bit in the agenda,
there is a slot on pr- presentation platform.
So I just learn from you,
what is the status of development.
You have the the plan,
you also has a timeline, 
like after we agree, 
if we agree on the functions that should there you in the next week.
When could there be a prototype?
(Ki) Yeh, 
it's, hmm, we are still planning the development.
Of course we started,
but there is not due date at the moment, some some.
(On) Yeah, yeah. 
So, what it
(Ki) But, mmm...
First of all we have to check the function analysis.
(On) I totally agree.
Let's just think that uh, we already need it really working in well tested, uh,at the end of June.
So I think that the first prototype should be ideally ready, uh, on the 7th of June, like the first very first shot with with box and all of that.
Would that be feasible?
(Ki) Ooo, I am not able to tell you if it's feasible, 
but I taking notes.
And I will sure it we (??) the team.
(On) Ehmm, yeah, okay, 
and ehm find a slot for the technical discussion.
That's exactly what you want.
And I wanted.
<laugh>
So, are you when is your earliest date for uh, for technical call, eeeeh,
tomoo-
To to like this the next week would-
(Ki) Yes, sure.
(On) Monday, Monday morning?
(Ki) Nn, Monday morning, ahh, 
actually, we have a call twelve o'clock,
but early it's perfectly fine for us.
(On) Okay, yes, so Monday, at nine, or ten or as you wish.
(Ki) Well, Monday at 10, let's see.
(On) Okay, okay.
Perfect.
(Ki) Nice.
(On) So Monday the 20th of May at ten, 
and will discuss what what we need in the platform and-.
Yeah, perfect.
So this all is resolve the presentation platform.
Then the integration with Marianne.
So.
Actually I have noticed if Phil is on the call.
(Ph) Yes, yes.
(On) Yeah, perfect.
So great that you are ready to start calling.
Excellent.
So again, when t- eehm-
When do you expect to have the the prototype?
How difficult is this?
Is it for two weeks or three weeks (??) it's hard to gets?
(Ph) Okay, okay, ehm,
I refuse the pervoice tutorial,
I have taking a look at the some work (??). I don't think (??) dusted off my copy (??) 
(On) Okay.
(Ph) Number, yes...
I, yeah I think I know what I need to do.
So I'm gonna start coding next week.
I 'm very optimistic.
I can have a prototype soon like within a couple of weeks (??)
(On) Yeah.
(Ph) (??) Translation of all sentences.
(On) Yeah, yeah.
The incomplete sentences are question.
(Ph) Yeah, that's where the big question mark so at the moment, that's what I'm not so sure.
(On) So for th- for this we have tried creating corpus of incomplete sentences.
And we are continuing translation of our sentence level transformer for these incomplete sentences.
And for some reason the training diverged,
Dominik could tell you more, ehm,
but we have tried only once.
So we need to try a few more times and
Do we have any one from eehm-
yeah, we have Felix.
So, Felix, could you disclose,
how should we best handle the- the incomplete sentences, 
because what we do not want to do is to rely on the cashing client.
One reason is that we don't have the time to to fix the cashing client,
or it's reliable and all that.
But the main reason is the cashing client makes the latency too big for the final users.
So what we really want to have is ehm to translation of incomplete sentences for the user experience.
So the question is, ehhhm, ho- 
what is the output of the ASR actually, 
when does the ASR decide to to start a new segment, 
like to close the the previous segment.
When I 'm looking at the outputs of of the ASR,
it's not complete sentences,
but it's closing off every now and then, 
so how does this work?
And what can we expect to to receive for the MT part?
(Dominik) The ASR does not close sentences at all.
 (??) is continues sequent (??)
(On) Okay.
(Do) Sequence labeling task which labels were (??) 
 And eventually will place a label to end the sentence.
(On) And that's where if you if you like bur-
If you run into in in the EB client, 
and you see the lines great deal extending, 
and then suddenly the lines being cut short.
This is where the segmentation worker has decided to to end the sentence, right?
(Fe) If you request in the EB client text, 
then yes.
If you want to see right ASR output I'm not sure if (??) you will have to request the unsegmented text.
(On) Yes.
So the from the client.
And there is-
you see individual words there, uh, 
in the vertical format, so that one word per line
and the time stamps, 
yeh, 
so the the question is,
which approach should we take as the input for for Marian client.
Should we rather rely on the segmented output already
but then we need to create the segmenters for all the ASR languages. 
Well, you have English,
you have German, 
but we don't have Czech.
And still it's it was not sentences like what what I was getting there.
(Do) (??) Both we calls (??) completely spokens of (??) and ASR can change (??)
When when ASR decides that given given that (causes) so far, maybe (??) sentence would be better.
And so the ASR can change it's mind.
(On) Yeah, so and the output, if you look at the individual segmen-, 
individual tokens from the if you if you look at the unsegmented output.
It would mean that he would suddenly see the same timestamp that you already saw before.
But with the same timestamp there would be new token,
and if this if the timestamp still falls in the range, 
which is like operational in the segmentation worker, 
then it will correct it.
And emit he new hypoteses within intermediate work changed.
And it can-
maybe also happen that the uhhh-
that segmentation worker has already closed the sentence.
But still the ASR worker decides to fix word before this end of the sentence is that possible?
(Do) I don't know the exact technical detail of that bound about right.
But the ASR signals is explicitly, but come a time when the when the sentences markets final 
And that will also (??)
(On) Yeah, so what do-
in general if we run the the segmentation worker,
if you run pipeline and if we look at the outputs of segmentation workers,
we should train our empty systems to work on all the individual lines that we are getting from these.
And some of these lines will be complete sentences.
And some of these lines will be partial sentences.
But generally they will be starting at the beginning of a sentence, 
right?
Is that correct?
(Do) Yes,
I 'm-
I 'm not train with these system myself I think we're in the process of doing them,
but my intuition would be do not put too much emphasis the incomplete sentences.
(On) Ehm.
(Do) The (algoritm) what the system will be judged by the final translation, 
and you should (??)  the translation was by having incomplete sentences, 
which I 'm probably not going to be useful translations.
(On) So. Let me-
yeah, let me let me do copy paste of an ugly, or-
Actually, I might try share a screen if that works,
how do I share the screen,
that one select window or screen.
And there is screen, hmm, 
allow.
So hopefully I'm now sharing my screen, 
if you yes, 
and this is this is the output that we get that we got at the last conference, 
the mock conference with the interpreters.
So this is the output of the secon- English unsegmented text, 
to s- to text.
So.
This is the segmenta- English segmentatiton worker, 
and we are getting outputs like this.
So you see that it has been already process by the segmentation worker, 
and you have the punctuation, 
but it's still extending the sentences.
And then suddenly we see such eee such a message like wanted to do more later on.
I saw statistics on the Internet.
And in said that I'm.
So uh, 
is this the type of input that our empty system should be ready for,
which is starting in the middle of a sentence, 
having full sentence.
And then continuing with the third one for example,
it can happen here that- 
this one, the middle line.
Can.
Can you see it?
Is it.
Is it legible on?
(Do) I can see it.
(On). Yeah.
(Do) And have to check in details to logs. 
But I think that is what (??), yes.
(On) Yeah.
Okay, so Phil.
I think that we should proceed, 
John play with Dominik and you.
And we should change our training data for the empty systems,
so that they would gracefully handle input like this.
(Ph) Okay.
(On) Translating partial sentences and even more sentences in one go.
This is not far from the context,
dependent mission translation that we have tried for for this WMT so technically the segments are not too long, 
they never spent too too much beyond this,
what what beyond  this language that your looking at now, 
and we just need to make sure that the the transform model handle that well.
And our idea is to is to train normal sentence to sentence models, 
those that you already training.
And and find tune on these strange- strangely segmented inputs.
(Ph) Sorry, Ondrej, why does segmentation change, though it it sort of- it has.
I wanted to do more later on.
(On) Ehm.
(Ph) It is off the eye?
Whats going on what's that mean?
(On) Felix would know, 
I have, I have no idea 
(Fe) Um (??) for one thing it's also possible that if it is (I'm it knew hypothesis, the segmentation as we run output segmentation might be different.
That's one possibility.
The other possibility is that maybe if ASR only changes one word for the fact that my (??) one word.
Um, I would have to be at the coding (??)
(Ph) Hmm, cause cause the first segmentation is fine.
And then then a split softly eyes.
We wanted your empty system was use the first segmentation.
I want to do more later on which is absolutely fine and then it is gone crazy. 
And you if-
(On) it is not really crazy. What what I'm miss here,
and I think that's that's a problem that has to be solve very soon is that (the herd) zero.
These are probably the timestamps.
And the segmentation worker is not emitting timestamps,
it receives timestamps with the individual tokens from the ASR,
but it doesn't emit them.
Right? 
Is that is that correct Felix?
(Fe) Ehm, it doesn't emit something.
I 'm not sure what exactly those on.
(On) Yeah, so I would.
I think that this is something that Karlsruhe needs to investigate and and improve the the segmentation worker so that it emits the timestamps 
because these timestamps would then allow us to like handle the translation well.
We need you.
Uh, realize that this part.
This saw statistics on the internet,
actually starts in the middle of or like is it some continuation ehm of of something which already output.
And then the alignment (??)
Ricky
(Do?) I 'm not sure it is (??) here.
(??)
(Do) We have already probably getting good translation of that sentence.
So we really don't wanna be translating again and complainig about (??) time.
(On) Yes, yes.
Yeah.
So the problem is that if we have from these.
Even if if these are not zeros.
If the are-
If these are the timestamps of the beginning
and the end of this later and not,
then we we are not uhm,
we do not know the the timestamps for the individual parts like here internet full stop.
And then we don't know where to where to start, uh, 
like redoing the translation.
So there will be quite quite on tricky coordination between the components.
Uhm.
So how do we proceed?
We have some of the sample data.
I think that yeah.
I think that the the order of-
the thing that the thing that we have to do is first.
We need to ask Felix, 
or someone from Karlsruhe to validate these locks to to help us create a reliable locks from the ASR workers,
so that we are seeing what we are supposed to be seeing,
and this should include timestamps.
And then we should, eehm, yeah,
and then we should decide how to-
the baseline would be indeed to follow the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker, 
which uh, 
which get worse, here with the- with the eyes (saw) statistics, 
and then the final experience of the the user experience the of translation would not be good, 
because the statistics of on the internet will translate only the later part of of sentence.
I think we should go for this baseline for for the workshop.
So the baseline would be to have models that translates this.
And even if it's damaging the tail of the sentence which was previously translate better.
I would prefer that uh,over like-
over translate over waiting for full sentences.
When the cashing cli-
cashing worker.
So I think for the user experience it will be better
if we translate these incomplete and slightly damaging sentences, 
uhm, rather than having the cashing worker, 
which we have had in the past, uh, as as a fair.
And the cashing worker took too much time to actually close the sentences.
And and only the (junk) for translated to lights.
So the baseline is to uh, 
keep the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker and translate sentences like this.
The improved goal probably not for this-
this workshop would be to preserved the good part, 
as it was translated already, 
and, ehm, then only update the next part.
And this could be also done actually at the level of of this source words strings.
So we didn't -
We do not necessarily have to rely on the alignment.
We can realize that we already saw this.
I saw statistics on the internet.
We could realize that this is the suffix of that, 
and we could realize that we don't-
we want to skip this from the input.
So we could uh, this this-
This cleverness could be part of the empty empty worker
(Fe) I don't want to (??)
and the risk of false information for for the most part I think the empty worker does do these things 
and for that details I definitely recommend you have to look SRT library that I posted last time, from GitHub
which is the code for the emptyworker, 
not the actual MT part
but every everything from the moment it's (??) your network and after it get back from your network
So all the the change  together, were (??) this part and (??)
(On) Yeah.
So this is this is important for Phil.
If you and Phil could like synchronize
and make sure that Phil will know where the relevant code is,
then Phil can decide whether in his re-implementation for Marian.
He can directly use that code,
uh, or whether he has to like created that from scratch for some reasons, 
and then we would have to postpone it.
And it will have only the baseline that I just described for the workshop.
Does that make sense?
Do you agree?
(Ph) That sounds reasonable to me here.
(On) Yeah, so Phil please, take a note, 
and and make sure to try to look up of this thing in the existing code, uh, in the SLT kit. 
And then let me know, 
maybe in the call next week, 
like  whether whether do this worked but for the-
I think that Phil we should try to train the models to be ready to accept like partial sentences, 
and even inputs that started at the middle of of of sentence.
So me and Dominik will try to get the  this part working, which is like finetuning normal empty models for a bad-  
badly segmented inputs.
So Dominik please take the note on your side, 
but we need to figure out what why we failed
and we should get that running, 
and that way, hopefully uh, 
we'll have the correct segmentation from the existing old from the Karlsruhe emtpty workers, 
available also in the new Marian empty worker.
But as a fallback we should have a models that are ready for for such input.
And one thing is still missing.
And that the segmentation worker trained for Czech,
but that that's also really depended obviously on the on the ASR for Czech.
Ok.
So I'll stop sharing the screen, 
and let's move to the yeah- let's move to the google document again.
So there is, 
where are we integration of Marian.
This is what we have covered.
So, still not sure how to best handle two options, 
two options reuse called from SLT kit.
Phil to synchronize with Felix.
And tell us next week if this works.
Option two is to train MT or fine tune send level models to gracefully handle badly segmented input.
And this will make a fallback solution for (??)
Well, yeah,
fully following uhm the segmentation from the segmentation worker.
Even if it damages tails of previously translated sentences.
Okay.
Then the production client.
That's Dominik.
Well, the the thing is that EB client will now live in a different connector.
And it's uh, the the main-
What is the main message Dominik.
Well.
We would just rename that, 
right?
<laugh>
Dominik, are you there?
We can not hear you.
I do not know what's uhm,
Yeah,
I don't know, if Dominik's here.
No, we can not hear you.
Okay,
so never mind.
The idea is that we are-
we are working on this cruise control.
And it will use this report, 
which is now called the production connectors, 
so that it is no longer labor prototype.
And and we are testing it in the in the dry runs.
Okay, do we have?
If if Dominik is able to connect better later on,
then we can learn perhaps more details.
we don't have Tyson here English and German ASR, 
what is the status there.
I think Felix can say that-
You probably think it's all right.
It's it's working, 
and nothing has to be done,
right? 
Or are there any, uh, any changes with this?
(Do) (??) ASR working fine.
(On) Yeah, okay.
(Do) We spoke yesterday (??)
(On) Yeah, one thing is the language model adaptation.
So that's uh, ML adaptatiton.
Are you ready for us to send the plain text files and add work granularity.
We can have plain text files with relevant well slide-
from the slides from related documents, 
and we can give it to you at the level of individual presentations, 
or we can lump all of those together for the day, 
or for the whole today workshop.
Uh, 
so, what type of data can you make use of.
(Do) Generally any any sort of text is (??),
I'm sure exactly how detailed it has to be
I'm, I'm not sure.
(On) Yeah.
So please investigate 
whether in the end, you are going to lumb them all together, 
and prepare one language model, and like start the workers with the one language model for this workshop, or whether there is a mechanism that we could make it presentation or per day.
I do not know how difficult is it,
to get it change to a different language model.
(Do) So the minds of the mechanism,
we are not using such a mechanism anymore (??)
we have one thing it's a lot of effort (??) language models and it's also possible that models system don't need adaptation any more.
(On) Okay.
(Do) I will have to ask back ASR people today.
(On) Yeah.
So, please you,
let us know next week, 
yeah, 
Felix to investigate what will be supported at WG VET.
So it's up to you.
If you decide that you don't want to do any ASR adaptation to the text, 
that's fine, if you do it and because you you, you find it like useless,
If it is the model is is the domin indepedant enough that that will be sufficient.
If you decide that you would like it from us at the level of individual presentations,
we will have to discuss the technical details like where to put the files and all that, we're surely collecting the files.
And will try to do fine tuning of the machine translation models based on (??) that that we can get based on the mono- monolingual include files.
So we're surely doing domain adaptation somehow,
and will see how far and get it.
Felix, ehm, okay.
Okay, 
so please tell us next week then,
please tell us next week.
Excellent.
The Czech ASR.
Well, Jonáš is is not here, 
but he is working hard to get the pipeline, 
the training for call the running, 
what we are.
So, uhm, yes,
we should call the integration,
call the integration and segmentation worker for Czech.
We are still in the face of creating the ASR models ourselves.
And, uhm, we have not yet started with the called integration,
really like coding the-
we do not have the final decision,how we do it, so this is still very risky, uhm,
whether we will have Czech ASR for the work- workshop or not, 
but still-
the workshop runs in English.
And as you know, 
we are organizing to have student translators there.
So there will be, uhm, originally English from the floor, there will be one or two English respeakers, like parallel respeakers to choose the one which works better.
There will be one interpretation of from English into Czech and one interpretation from Czech into German.
So the German would be double delayed ehhh, but still thanks to this double digestion it can be better.
So we will see in practice, 
whether we like-
which output we like best.
Whether from the ASRs of English,and which one of those, we can skip ASR if we don't have it.
And we can have the ASR from, uh, from German, if that's if that appears the best.
Okay, so this is to give you the the whole picture.
Dominik should be able to speak now,
but-
(Do) Yes, can you hear me now?
(On) Yes, yes,
(Do) Perfect.
(On) So is there anything about the connector to the the main client to say? 
(Do) I don't think so just- there will be another (??) I changed (??) the whole structure and we will continue deployment there.
(On) Yeah, okay. 
Then for the daily testing so far-
uh, we don't have the daily test yet, but we have the install and test scripts, and we run them every now and then.
So I think we should as weeks pause we should indeed do this on a daily basis.
But it is not critical.
We're, we're already using that report.
And and we are,
we are doing the test manually not not automatically.
But it's-
(Do) Yes.
(On) It 's there.
And then the machine translation systems,
multilingual English tool any is currently training, okay,that's good, because the the student I have for this is not delivering anything.
He is still like-
he knows how to train Marian, 
but somehow it doesn't really work for for him.
So if if we can get the models from Phil,
that's more-
is much safer, yeah.
<laugh>
Uh, and the (??)
I think we have discussed this 
(Ph) Yeah, we already cover that point, I guess um, 
you mentioned you will gonna try to get some data from Taos.
(On) Yes, ehm.
(Ph) It any further with that?
(On) So thi- this will be.
Well,
I have not emailed, ehm, you know him as well (??), 
but I've talked to him before, and I don't have the data, the input data now,because we are still collecting them from-
Actually we're, shortly we should be deploying the platform, the tiny webpage to collect the documents, then  the Sao will populate this with the documents, then I will convert the documents the plain text.
Then I will send these plane text to Taus, then Taus will extract uh, all they have.
And then will get the data from the Taus.
So this is something that well has a long pipeline, but we'll get there, uh, someday.
So uh, what is the latest date, when we needs the input for the fine tuning?
So, we need the MT domain dependent data for MT fine tuning by.
So.
(Ph) Fine tuning I guess we don't need too much time, probably-
(On) Yeah.
(Ph) One week before event would be okay.
(On) Wednesday, June 19, yeah.
Still it's quite early.
Okay, so I'll work back from this date, and and hopefully will have it um-hum.
Yeah, Felix is  empty that's on a German to English, mainly because the the English ASR will be a uhm, so so then, our main input will be the English ASR or one of those from the rich speakers, the secondary, like the fall back input could be from German to English, 
and then I would indeed ehm rely on the pervoice platform to do to do the pipoting.
So if we r-
if we select the German ASR as the most reliable source, even with the double delay.
And the extra pivoting, then we would need the German to English empty system, and then the English to multilingual empty system.
So I would now like to learn from Felix, that this empty system works and emits outputs in such way that the the subsequent English to something, 
and the system can directly connect and pervoice platform will will do it,
is that true?
(Ba) So it depends emits output, 
I don't think that the the the theory that should work, 
I I can report back to you. But I can say that English- German to English is probably our best translations systems (??)  transform model so would get better.
(On) Yeah, from English for ehm <other_yawn>.
Yeah, so and also Chiara.
So this is something where Chiara and you should coordinate.
And tested whether the platform indeed support pivoting, cause you, at the Karlsruhe you also have English to something empty systems.
So please try a pipeline where you use your-
where you use German ASR,
German to English empty system and then English to anything just for the sake of testing this this pipeline.
(Ki) Okay, just I'm taking note.
We see German ASR,
German to English machine translation, 
(On) Yeah.
(Ki) Okay, and?
(On) And English to anything machine translation and the presentation platform at the end.
(Kiara) English to anything..translation... 
(On) Yes, this pipeline, ehm,
and German, yes, the German ASR kit German English empty,
kit English whatever,
whatever empty and then presentation.
(Ki) Okay, ehm,
sorry what do you mean for pivoting?
(On) Well, the pivoting is that you connect these two empty systems.
That's the, that's the idea of pivoting,
that you are translating to whatever via English.
(Ki) Okay, okay.
Thank you.
(On) So please, test this, 
and let us know again next week, if this works, because then we will be replacing this part was the Marian worker that Phil will be developing,but we need to know that the rest works.
Okay.
Thank you.
Uh, so Dominik.
Test the fine tuning from start document on (??) real.
Uh, yes.
So there is a new idea.
Big (??) next only corpus.
(Fe) I will already report everything works.
(On) This works?
Okay?
Excellent.
(Do) (??) ASR outputs
(On) Felix, what were you saying?
What works?
This the Germany ASR this one.
Felix are-
Felix, are you looking at the google document?
Felix confirms this works except the new pervoice except the nonexisting
<laugh> 
pervoice presentation platform. 
Right?
(Fe) Yeah,
so I just tested by starting one about English workers and pivoting over English worker.
(On) Yeah, 
and it was in the at the level of partial sentences?
So there was no cashing, 
cashing worker involved?
(Fe) Yeah.
(On) Yeah, okay, right.
Yep.
So than Dominik
can you very briefly say about this, 
because we were discussing this ehm, what is your idea.
(Do) Yes.
(On) Wide failed, 
and then so on.
(Do) Ehm, 
so I tried to fine tunder original model on on on sub sentence window of size three to fifty words and we did to cuts on alignments.
So we have-
So we have paralel subsentence corpus, and we have for now only to that corpus two milions of words, about one thousand documents-
and soon we have audias of these documents.
So we can run ASR on this and train on the-
on the output from ASR with errors against the references.
(On) Ehm.
(Do) But for it we need to the final hypoteses from ASR.
And now I had public-
Now, now I have new idea that we can take paralel big paralel text only corpus then we are text to speech on it, and then ASR, and we try and on the output from ASR with- with errors against the original targets.
(On) Hm, yes.
So aa-
Felix would you expect this to work reasonably well, and what text to speech should we use?
I would, ehm-
I would be somewhat skeptical about ASR from t-
from text to speech.
(Fe) Yeah, so would I on this very most important thing would be text to speech on models one speaker.
And know, know background conditions, very, very (??) I am not ASR researcher.
But I don't think that it would be (??) data at all.
(Ba) But it will do the same errors on name entities and rire works as usual speaker at least.
So I think um, the empty system can prepared for the such errors.
(Do) Yeah.
Looked to one of the the top as SLT systems in last year 's (??), 
and they were using this technique as-
It was only one aspect of their systems.
So I'm not sure exactly how- 
(Do) Important-
(Ba) How effective it was but they were using this.
(On) So.
Let's us keep this idea in mind.
But I don't think that it's-
It's good to for suite for this workshop at the end of June.
(Do) Yeah.
(On) So uh.
So let's plan it-
So let's postpone this after WG VET. 
What I like though is the first one, to train on real ASR from (??) docks.
So this is this is something that you are probably already doing so uhm for this.
Uh.
We need to run kit ASR on the attached docks,record the locks, ah including timestamps, 
and then, and then like fiddle with the alignments and segmentation,uhm, yeah making our paralel data for training of empty similar to the uh segmentation or like miss segmentation ehm that we get from the ASR segmentation worker.
So this is this is like a realistic test, where we have the audio, and we can observe real segmentation as we get it from the segmentation worker.
And then we can use this segmentation with uh the paralel data to change the paralel data, so that are segmentation mimics what the what the segmentation workers is doing, 
and this would be the uh, the data for fine tuning the empty systems.
(Ba) Yes.
(On) So.
Okay, so we will let you know uh the next week, 
how this whether we've succeeded, 
whether we were able to uh, to proceed to to process that docks with kit with the existing workers or whether we failed,
and so on. 
Yeah, okay, thank you.
And yes, ah, waiting for the integration.
So will know from Phil how that works.
The python binding, I agree.
It's not a priority at the moment 
because we are planning to rely on the on the Marian,
then anything, uh, yeah, yeah,
so anyone coming to Prague in person?
This is just to do the planning.
Are you, is anyone planning to come for the workshop?
() I do. 
(On) Well, you are in Prague.
<laugh>
() Oh, yes.
(On) So let us know, 
or especially Tea know, 
if you were planning to come in person to to see it live.
I think it would be useful.
But it is not critical.
It would be.
It would be useful, 
but we could do it,
ehm, even say, would be extremely useful for you to see the whole thing in in practice, 
because the last person we had here were Dario.
Uh, who knows how things work, and then I keep forgetting (??).
Stephane.
Yeah, and and Stephane, but Stephane is known project.
So it would be better if if someone from the project was was here.
Just let us know later on.
We have discuss the presentation platform, 
and then is it-
Is there anyway this like a feature request for pervoice?
Is there a way to avoid broken workers while starting a client?
If we know that some work-
Yeah?
(Ki) May I ask you to explain me a little bit more this-
(On) Yeah.
So we know from experience that Karlsruhe is running age ASR workers for English, 
and four of them don't emit any output.
And if we run the same client, the same pipeline concurently six times, we will end up with four lines four pipelines four sessions ineffective, 
and the fith and sixth one working well.
So like in in search for components that work,
it would be better if we could simply say please start this pipeline again and avoid this worker, because it's under the control of Karlsruhe the worker claims it's working, but it's not delivering the output.
So we would like to as the users at the end of the client, 
would like to say, we want to build this pipeline, but avoid this particle worker, because last time it didn't work for us.
(Ki) So you are asking a-
a kind of a ban of not working workers.
(On) Yes.
(Ki) No, at the moment it's not possible.
Of course, is being on the idea that 
<another_yawn>
Who subscribes the mediator 
<laugh>
as service is able to provide the service, 
but I can take a note and check it with the team.
It is possible something like this.
Uhhm, 
I have to say that it's not easy, because of course, pervoice platform is based on uhm having distributed services allowed you would join.
And leave the service, it's not that easy to imaging such kind of behaviour, but we can reason about it, of course.
(On) Another option would be to somehow like have tests of workers, 
and the workers should themselves or the the the party, who is providing the workers should should be able to test individual workers.
And if they don't work as the party themselves expect,
they would kill the worker.
So like I imagine that at Karlsruhe, there could be a script every two minutes or whatever, uh, looking at all the ideal workers and asking for a particle worker, uh, 
to test it.
And if the test fails, then Karlsruhe would know which worker is it.
And they would kill it on their side, and then it would not be available anymore in the platform.
So that's another options.
So another Ondřej says another option would be to force the platform to use particular worker for a pipeline or for session,
use quick test session as they side of AG kit for each of their workers and if they do not pass their test kit could kill them.
(Ki) Yes, ehm, of course, we have to define what suitable output is for each kind of service 
It's not that easy to manage it also in this way.
But of course is something we can reason about.
(On) Yeah.
Yeah, okay, yeah.
Thank you.
Well, is there any further questions, please ask, otherwise let us give us give ourselves at least ten minutes break before the next call.
(Ki) Okay, just.
(On) Right?
(Ki) I has just a question regarding your note in presentation platform the Ondrej experiments, fix experiments, probably we discussed about it on Monday.
(On) Yes, exactly this is-
this is this is to be-
this is to be discussed on Monday.
So we don't-
But you can ask now.
(Ki) Yes, in the meanwhile, if you want to share with us your experiment,
we can check it.
(On) Hm, okay.
(Ki) Maybe this afternoon in order be more prepared on Monday.
(On) Okay, yes.
(Ki) Thank you.
(On) Thank you.
So I I-
I add note for myself.
Thank you.
Any other questions?
(Fe) I would like to press some of the ASR clients or the (??) are not working.
Then you have to tell us.
And then we can.
We can do something about that.
(On) Yeah,
we will apply (??)
Tyson is responsive,
I know though we we just email him, and then get him on on slack.
And then he restarts it and it works.
We just find it like off-
We don't want to bother you.
If if we can work it-
work around for that ourselves for our quick test at random times of the day.
So I'm-
I was not complaining in anyway exactly as I said, 
Tyson has always quickly helped us.
But still there is this risk that Tyson would be giving lecture, or or whatever would not be available.
Uh.
And in that case, it may be very useful to have this to have this option.
(Fe) Does this happen often? 
(On) Every time we try like after a week of not trying.
(Fe) Because we have.
We have sessions starting, stoping with regular election tranclation so it's four to six times a day, and the worker is still all work after three weeks.
So I'm I'm wondering why you are having this problem all, 
and then we (??).
(On) Yeah,
so we should try to investigate,
the when whenever this happens again.
Will tell not only Tyson but also you,
so that you could diagnose,
right?
(Fe) Interesting is also is the the usual problem that the the person (??)  the worker is not free dubt (??) as mark is busy in which case you couldn't even start new session, 
because-
(On) That's not the case,
that's different 
(Fe) And we're having even a different problem.
I personally not able see. 
(On) Yeah, we're simply not receiving any output from the worker.
It connects
But it doesn't emit any output at all.
Will let you know.
(Fe) Doodle let us know maybe we can have a - 
I think there's a (??) mechanism, WiFi something.
(??) worker is hearing (??)
(On) Yeah, 
okay, 
yeah, 
yeah, 
Thank you.
So Dominik please please remember that next time we we would like to make (??) of such failure to debug that.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
And let's let's talk in five minutes again, 
maybe not all of you, 
but the general ELITR call.
Okay, so thank you very much for your time.I was hoping to have this faster,
but-
well, there is too many things to discuss.
Sorry.
Thank you.
<laugh>
(Ki) Bye.
(On) Bye, bye.
Bye