A:  And we are  
A:  OK . We seem to be recording . 
A:  So , sorry about not  
A:  not pre - doing everything . 
A:  The lunch went a little later than I was expecting , 
A:  Chuck . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Pretty much . 
A:  No . 
A:  I mean , we don't want anything too practical . 
A:  Yeah , that would be  
A:  Well , we have steps forward . 
A:  I have a little bit of IRAM stuff 
A:  but  I 'm not sure if that 's of general interest or not . 
A:  IRAM . 
A:  IRAM , bigram , 
A:  you know . 
A:  What 's the interesting stuff ? 
A:  And did you hand - label who was loud and who was quiet , 
A:  or did you just  ? 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . So this would work well for , uh , pauses and utterance boundaries and things like that . 
A:  But for overlap I imagine that doesn't work at all , 
A:  that you 'll have plenty of s sections that are  
A:  But  
A:  Yep . 
A:  Yeah . It was IS two . 
A:  Well , maybe we should get it 
A:  and if it 's good enough we 'll arrange Windows machines to be available . 
A:  So . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  No , no . Praat isn't  Praat 's multi - platform . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  What our decision was is that  we 'll go ahead with what we have with a not very fine time scale on the overlaps . 
A:  And  and do what we can later  to clean that up if we need to . 
A:  And did you , uh , forward Morgan Brian 's  thing ? 
A:  Oh , you did ? 
A:  OK . So you probably did get that . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , and Dave Gelbart did volunteer , 
A:  and since he 's not here , I 'll repeat it  
A:  to at least modify Transcriber , 
A:  which , if we don't have something else that works , I think that 's a pretty good way of going . 
A:  And we discussed on some methods to do it . 
A:  My approach originally , 
A:  and I 've already hacked on it a little bit  
A:  it was too slow because I was trying to display all the waveforms . 
A:  But he pointed out that you don't really have to . 
A:  I think that 's a good point . 
A:  That if you just display the mix waveform and then have a user interface for editing the different channels , that 's perfectly sufficient . 
A:  No . They can only display one , 
A:  but they can listen to different ones . 
A:  But only to listen to , 
A:  not to look at . 
A:  The waveform you 're looking at doesn't change . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Oh , we should definitely get with them then , 
A:  and 
A:  agree upon a format . 
A:  Though I don't remember email on that . 
A:  So was I not in the loop on that ? 
A:  Oh , OK . 
A:  Yeah , I think that 's right . 
A:  Just , uh  
A:  Right . 
A:  Well , I think it 's important both for the notation and the machine representation to be the same . 
A:  So . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Cross - correlation . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah , although the  the  
A:  using the close - talking I think would be much better . 
A:  Wouldn't it ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  And I hope that if we do a forced alignment with the close - talking mike , that will be enough to recover at least some of the time the time information of when the overlap occurred . 
A:  Yeah . Who knows ? 
A:  Well , u uh , IBM was going to . 
A:  Um  
A:  and I imagine they still plan to 
A:  but  but , you know , I haven't spoken with them about that recently . 
A:  OK . I 'll do that . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Is he on the mailing list ? 
A:  The Meeting Recorder mailing li ? 
A:  We should add him . 
A:  Add him . 
A:  Um , 
A:  so one thing is that I did look on Sony 's for a replacement for the mikes  <inbreath> for the head m head - worn ones 
A:  cuz they 're so uncomfortable . 
A:  But I think I need someone who knows more about mikes than I do , 
A:  because I couldn't find a single other model that seemed like it would fit the connector , 
A:  which seems really unlikely to me . 
A:  Does anyone , like , know stores 
A:  or <inbreath> know about mikes who  who would know the right questions to ask ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  When I looked , i they listed one microphone and that 's it 
A:  as having that type of connector . 
A:  But my guess is that Sony maybe uses a different number for their connector than everyone else does . 
A:  And  and so  
A:  it seems  it seems really unlikely to me that there 's only one . 
A:  As I said , who knows ? 
A:  Um , 
A:  I have it downstairs . 
A:  I don't remember off the top of my head . 
A:  And then , uh  
A:  just in terms of how you wear them  
A:  I mean , I had thought about this before . 
A:  I mean , when  when  when you use a product like DragonDictate , they have a very extensive description about how to wear the microphone and so on . 
A:  But I felt that in a real situation we were very seldom gonna get people to really do it 
A:  and maybe it wasn't worth concentrating on . 
A:  But  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Oh . That 's true . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Well , I 'll dig through the documentation to DragonDictate and ste s see if they still have the little  form . 
A:  Well , that 's the  
A:  It seemed to me when I was using Dragon that it was really microphone placement helped an  in , uh  an enormous amount . 
A:  So you want it enough to the side so that when you exhale through your nose , it doesn't  the wind doesn't hit the mike . 
A:  And then , uh  
A:  Everyone 's adjusting their microphones , of course . 
A:  And then just close enough so that you get good volume . 
A:  So you know , wearing it right about here seems to be about the right way to do it . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I mean , when  when it 's on , you can see it . 
A:  You can definitely see it . 
A:  Absolutely . 
A:  Absolutely . 
A:  And so , you know , I 've  I 've sat here and watched sometimes the breathing , 
A:  and the bar going up and down , 
A:  and I 'm thinking , I could say something , 
A:  but 
A:  I don't want to make people self - conscious . 
A:  Stop breathing ! 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  And then also  the position of the mike also . 
A:  If it 's more directly , you 'll get better volume . 
A:  So  so , like , yours is pretty far down  below your mouth . Yeah . 
A:  I don't know why that is . 
A:  I 've been eating a lot . 
A:  So , 
A:  mark them ? 
A:  Oh , great . 
A:  Against  they could do forced alignment . 
A:  Oh , I didn't know that . 
A:  That would be a really interesting  prosodic feature , 
A:  when  
A:  Right . 
A:  So are  do you treat breath and laughter as phonetically , or as word models , or what ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mouth stuff ? 
A:  How would we do that with the hybrid system ? 
A:  So train a phone  in the neural net ? 
A:  Oh , it does ? 
A:  Right . So in the hybrid system we could train the net with a laughter phone and a breath sound phone . 
A:  Do whatever you want . 
A:  To  go on forever ? 
A:  And how do you handle it in the language model ? 
A:  It 's just a word in the language model . 
A:  Cool . 
A:  Huh . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Can you hand me your digit form ? 
A:  I just wanna mark that you did not read digits . 
A:  I was noticing that with Dan in the one that we , uh  we hand tran hand - segmented , 
A:  that  th he has these little chuckles as he talks . 
A:  Speech researchers ? 
A:  Cuz they 're gonna be transcribing it in a few days . 
A:  That 's a good idea . 
A:  Good . 
A:  Oh , no . 
A:  Is that good or bad ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  You 'll self - repair . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Where were they when  we needed them ? 
A:  I mean , this was something that we were talking about . 
A:  We could get a very detailed overlap if they were willing to transcribe each meeting four or five times . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  One for each participant . 
A:  So they could by hand  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Is  you mean two thousand one ? 
A:  Calendar year 
A:  or  ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Full - time . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Wow . 
A:  I don't see how someone could do forty hours a week on transcription . 
A:  I think it would be  
A:  We 'd have to mark them . 
A:  I think it would also be interesting to have , uh , a couple of the meetings have more than one transcriber do , 
A:  cuz I 'm curious about inter - annotator agreement . 
A:  Wrong . 
A:  I think it just  whoever is interested can do that . 
A:  I mean , so if someone wants to use that data  
A:  We could skip the digits . 
A:  We don't have to read digits each time . 
A:  OK . 
A:  With what ? 
A:  Scale . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I think with  
A:  That 's right . But I think Javier 's  
A:  I think Javier 's might be able to . 
A:  It doesn't have the same Gaus - uh , H M M modeling , 
A:  which is I think a drawback . 
A:  But , uh  
A:  Does it ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  And then  he ch you choose optimal splitting . 
A:  Maybe I 'm misremembering , but I did not think it had a Markov  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah , I didn't think so . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  And so I  I think it would work fine for detecting overlap . 
A:  It 's just , uh , that i it  
A:  he has the two - pass issue that  
A:  What he does is , as a first pass he  he  p he does , um , a guess at where the divisions might be and he overestimates . 
A:  And that 's just a data reduction step , 
A:  so that you 're not trying at every time interval . 
A:  And so those are the putative  places where he tries . 
A:  And right now he 's doing that with silence 
A:  and that doesn't work 
A:  with the Meeting Recorder . 
A:  So if we used another method to get the first pass , I think it would probably work . 
A:  It 's a good method . 
A:  As long as the len as long the segments are long enough . 
A:  That 's the other problem . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  You mean Javier 's ? 
A:  What do you mean ? 
A:  I  
A:  Yeah . I had tried doing it by hand at one point with a very short sample , 
A:  and it worked pretty well , 
A:  but I haven't worked with it a lot . 
A:  So what I d I d I took a hand - segmented sample 
A:  and I added ten times the amount of numbers at random , 
A:  and it did pick out pretty good boundaries . 
A:  But this was just very anecdotal sort of thing . 
A:  Right . So if we  if we fed the hand - segmentation to Javier 's and it doesn't work , then we know something 's wrong . 
A:  Yeah . I think that 's probably worthwhile doing . 
A:  Whether it 'll work or not . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Y do you know where his software is ? 
A:  Have you used it at all ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  So . 
A:  I  I have as well , 
A:  so if you need  need help let me know . 
A:  OK . 
A:  uuh 
A:  And we are  
