A:  Okay , welcome to the detailed design meeting . Again , I'm gonna take minutes . Oh , we're gonna have a prototype presentation first . Uh , who's gonna give the prototype presentation ? You two guys ? Okay . Go ahead . 
B:   
C:  Yes . <laugh>  
D:  <laugh> 
B:   . 
D:  <laugh>  . <laugh> 
B:   coffee . 
D:  <sound indicating exasperation> 
topic_description:	opening_None


C:  'Kay , we've made a prototype . Um , we've got uh <other> uh our aspects from the last meeting . Uh , especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . Um , we've uh drawn here the p prototype . The logo is uh is uh <laugh> is pretty uh <laugh> obvious to see on the on the remote control , but 
B:  <laugh> <laugh> 
C:  it is necessary when you want to build your uh company f to a level higher . Um , <other> our interface elements , there are shown in the in the drawing . Maybe you can uh point them uh  The functions . 
B:  Uh , well the uh  all the functions are discussed uh  I think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . Uh , it's a little bit . Uh , power button . Uh then the the the nine uh channels . 
A:  <cough> 
B:  Uh the volume uh uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . And then we had uh just uh two buttons , we place them in the middle , uh the menu , and for the teletext <other>  I thought that was th 
A:  Oh no , the the the mute button misses now . Do y do you  did we want to have a m mute button ? 
D:  Alright , I  
B:  Oh , the mute button . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  But uh that  It's uh here then , in the middle . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Alright , and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button . 
A:  Huh . 
C:  Yes , um we've disc 
B:  <other> Well , yeah mo uh mo Yeah , well most of them are right-handed . 
D:  Yeah , but you you gotta make it clear on the  on  
C:  Most of the users Yes , y there there will be a p a little a little P_ on that and a little uh  yeah . 
B:  Yeah well , I don't have time in uh anymore on the  
D:  Yeah , and a and a triangle on that . 
B:  Oh yeah , just progr programme above , I think . 
D:  Yes . Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah , sure , you're right . 
C:  Yes . And uh uh 
D:  Oh . 
C:  the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area . Then your uh left thumb of uh  your right thumb is uh near the programme uh button , 
D:  I don't like the colours . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  which is the most common used uh function , and all the other buttons are available for your uh thumb . So it's it's it's really good design . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah . Alright . 
A:  Yes . That's it ? 
C:  Yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it . 
D:  The light . Okay . And other lights ? 
A:  I think added lights are gonna be a problem too . 
C:  Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or or the buttons that can make uh light on it . 
D:  No , o on the on the front . Yeah , okay . Maybe the uh the logo . 
C:  Yes . 
B:   lights ? 
C:  But , it will also uh uh use batteries , and do we want to  
D:  Yeah , why not ? Of course . 
A:  Okay . For now , uh this is uh is good enough . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Yeah , what was uh on the  
C:  The  all the aspects of the interface buttons were uh  
A:  Okay , but in the  oh yeah , the colour , because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , isn't it ? Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons . And they're be a   they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side . Okay . And I think we should use a a darker colour for the um plastic , and maybe some more m brighter and flashy stuff  
C:  Yes . Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh , in the same colour as the side . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , I think I think that'll be good . 
C:  Yes , maybe we can use on the on the lights on the side we can use uh uh multiple uh lights , so it will uh  
D:  Yes . 
A:  Yeah , we'll talk about the lights later . 'Cause I also don yeah , it's depends on the costs and such . But uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours , but may I dunno if that's important , but we'll talk about that later . Okay , for now this is this is okay . Um , the next p y you gonna give a presentation too ? Uh , I have to see the agenda . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  Yep . Yeah . We will . 
topic_description:	presentation of prototype(s)_None


A:  <laugh> Wait , there's  was one thing I wanted to ask . Uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh <other> do uh like 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  uh d I call it teens and twenties . Uh , y th th th the two numbers . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  All n no , that's um <other> kinda dependent on the television . 
B:  Yeah , true , yeah . 
C:  It's a television . Yes . 
A:  Yeah , but do we have  do we need extra buttons , <other> for example some uh some have to  
B:  Uh  
D:  I think  
B:  Uh I think so . 
C:  Yes , yes , you have you have a lot of standard buttons that has to be uh on it , uh th with the one and a double uh uh  yes . 
D:  Yeah , I think you should add  <other> 
B:  Zero ? 
D:  A cross , or whatever . Yeah , line . 
B:  May maybe here ? 
A:  Yeah , but you don't you don't actually need them , becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds  No , I don't think so . 
B:  Yeah . And then a second . 
D:  No , that's dependent on the television . 
C:  Yes , you have televisions , then you have to , you know , you have to uh press  
D:  I do know so . 
B:  Is it depending on television ? 
A:  Nah , I don't think so really , because you have a  I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twenty  uh a number in the twenty or in the ten . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes , but but a lot  uh  
D:  Yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um  <other> they come with the television . Or actually , the other way around . But  <laugh> 
A:  No , I think  uh I really think it's n because you can  when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one , because it i it first gives you the functionality of that that uh separate button you also had to uh apply . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes , but 
D:  Yeah , well  but su <other> If  
C:  some televisions don't accept uh that that  
A:  Yeah , because that's i it's for television . It's exact the same thing . 
C:  No , no , but s 
D:  No no no . So some television respond differently . Look , if uh i i 
A:  No , listen listen . When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it . The one with dash , that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one . 
D:  Yes . Yes , that's true . 
B:  Yeah . True . 
D:  No  
A:  I think it works that way , really . 
D:  No , it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space . 
A:  <other> Yeah , but it's exact the same  that w would appear when you put a separate button  push a separate button . 
C:  Yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons . 
A:  Yeah , but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point . I think it's exact the same thing when y 
D:  Yep . <other> True . 
C:  You want  Yes , but some television don't support it . 
A:  No , but then they would a would also support that button , because it's the same thing . Listen , with  that that's that special but button  you're talking about , eh ? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in  on your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing . Do y you  the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had  
B:  But the ex 
D:  No , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c 
C:  No , a remote can  
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes , so they need  no , they need  
A:  But you give the input . You push the one . That's the same thing as the button with the one and it  yes it it is . Think about it . 
D:  No , that's not true . It's simply not true . It's simply not true . Uh  
B:  Yeah . You uh you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash , and then wait uh two uh seconds or something  
C:  No , but uh  
A:  And it's the same thing what happens and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one . 
D:  No , remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds . Remote control is a stupid thing . If you push a button , it sends it immediately to to the television . 
A:  Yeah , that's true . Yeah , but I m uh but it's  I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works . But okay , we we'll impl 
C:  Yeah , it  
D:  No , definitely not . Definitely not . 
B:  We'll discuss them in the usability lab . 
A:  No , we'll apply them then for now . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Uh eva evaluation . I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary . 
A:  Yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . Yeah , I think so . Yeah , for now , if we don't know for sure whether  <other> 
B:  Yeah ? <sound indicating surprise> Okay . 
C:  And the button for the SCART uh audio video uh external input . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  Ach . 
A:  Yeah but  okay . <other> What I said about uh the remote control sending another signal , that that might not be true , but I still think i it it  all T_V_s in some ways support it , I don't know . I think it's more c is m maybe we don't  uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works , but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said . 
D:  Uh , you can access that uh via zero , and then minus , I guess . Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  No , no . Uh , remote control sends one signal at one button uh press . 
A:  I do think that uh m T_V_s support mur multiple kind of remote controls . M 
C:  Uh , some  N some televisions when when you want to go further than uh ten  
A:  Th won't work wi with uh  to have that special button . 
C:  No , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals . When you uh press one button , you give one signal . And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher . But  
D:  Yep . 
A:  Okay , well we'll see . 
C:  When you make the technology that that it will uh give more signals , it could work , but  Just a basic idea of of of the most uh  most y most common uh and simple uh operations on the remote . 
D:  Okay . I kinda miss the docking station . 
B:  Yeah . <laugh> 
C:  Yes . It's here on the  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Well it  yeah , uh there's nothing  I think it's pretty basic , the the  there's no fu there's one there's one button , that's wha there's there's there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it . 
C:  <laugh> We came uh  Yes . 
D:  No nothing really trendy about it . 
C:  But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because Real <other> Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls . So maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh M_P_ three players or or uh 
D:  The button . Yep . 
C:  uh hearing devices . 
D:  I think that's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices . 
C:  Yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh  when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh  
D:  <other> Yeah , of course . Mm-hmm . Well it it got it  it has got to fit into the shape , of course . 
C:  Yes , but we can make  
D:  The technology and the voltage can be the same . That's uh that's true . But uh i if you all make the m having a bottom like this , then they all fit . 
C:  No , we can make uh make the most lowest part all the same . 
D:  Yeah , that's true , but uh  
C:  When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it . 
D:  Yes , but uh I I g 
C:  Just have to be big enough for the biggest  
D:  Shouldn't it fall then ? It  isn't going to fall down ? <laugh> That's a bit uh  yeah , I think  
C:  No , when you make it large enough no it it will not . But then it's a little bit  
D:  No , but if if  like this , I'll I'll point it out , if you got uh a a a base a base like this , I won't draw it really . If you got a base which is uh as big as this  
C:  But it's just an idea . But it's flat it's flat as as this , so we can p make all the products as flat as this . 
B:  You can . 
D:  Yeah sure , but if you got if you got a tiny player , it can  <raspberry noise> 
B:  But i i i it's backwards . 
C:  Yes , but when you make uh uh a bit of big   
B:  But it's it's backwards . It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , I think , in the in the docking station . 
D:  Yeah . Uh , wha what you could do if you uh  from the bottom  oh , right , help . Uh , you could make like a hole in it , you know , of uh  in in the  
B:  That's text . <laugh> 
A:  But  
B:  <other> 
C:  Yes , little holer  littler  Uh , little products go deeper in it . 
D:  Yeah . That i that is possible , yep . 
A:  Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issues <laugh> still to come . But we have to look n I don't know . 
topic_description:	discussion_None


D:  Well , uh yeah , I I'm gonna do something right there , yeah . 
C:  No .  
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Detail design . 
D:  We gotta do that on the right <other>  the most  right-most screen , because the leftmost  
A:  Evaluation criteria . 
D:  Yep , that's me . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Alright . I will be needing that image , so leave it please . Um  Go away . Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points . <other> Um , we g the four of us are going to do that um together . I wanna have a colour over here , come on . Right , the remote <other> is not ugly , a bit weird sentence , but 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  the positive things has to be on the left , so I <laugh> said not ugly instead of ugly . Uh , what would you say , we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , and please forget the drawing skills of these guys . <laugh> The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ? 
B:  <laugh> <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay . Yeah , I think four maybe would be appropriate , because it's  Yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . Uh , I mean it's kind of  , our design . It's  so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly , you know , o other people find it really cool . I don't know or uh I don't know how you  
D:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Background colour . How do you guys feel ? 
C:  I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your own  yes , you can make it in your own uh  
A:  Casting . Yeah . 
D:  The different designs . Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  more to your own personality or or house style . 
A:  Yeah , but we d we didn't  we're we're not planning to use fronts , I believe . With a colour a co a colours . Oh , okay . 
D:  No , not not fronts , but different designs . 
B:  No , not fronts . Different designs . Different colours maybe , yeah . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  And that's still uh uh , yeah , is is uh is a little personal touch , I guess . What ? 
A:  Okay , but  Oh , maybe we should do three or something that w you know , our  
D:  Yeah , wha wha what would you uh guys uh think ? Personally . 
C:  Or forty . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Personally . 
B:  We can make it a one . 
D:  Yes , but what is it ? 
C:  I think two or three . 
D:  <other> Guido ? 
B:  Mm yeah . I agree . 
D:  Two or three . 
B:  Um , I uh I go for the positive . So I go for two . 
D:  I was  I was thinking about three , so I guess 
A:  Uh , I was thinking about four , so I think three is uh  
D:  three is uh a bit uh  oh , what am I doing ? I'll mark it . The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy . 
B:  Okay , three . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah well , let that  let's make that a one . <laugh> 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Two . 
D:  Yeah ? Antek , you agree ? 
B:  One . One . Okay yeah , I'll I'll agree . 
C:  Yes . Yes . 
D:  Yeah . You're not Antek . 
A:  That's one thing for sure . 
B:  I'm the I'm the usability , so  <laugh> 
D:  I totally agree . The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , two or a one , I guess . It's something we really put work into . 
B:  The  
D:  Yeah , I  yeah . I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . <laugh> And our  oh yeah , it's a b yeah . Yeah ? Alright . That's a one ? You agree ? 
C:  It's all about the buttons . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . I think we totally succeeded there . Oh  
A:  But  
B:  Well  
A:  Well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . And telete 
B:  Yeah , well menu  Yeah , maybe . 
D:  Yeah , that's true . That's true . 
C:  Also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , o they're used uh uh  
A:  Yeah , we don't know if the  uh they're necessary . 
D:   the the  yeah , m well , you d you've got a point . 
A:  I think a two . 
B:  Yeah , true . Yeah , I agree . 
C:  Can  yes , three , two . 
A:  Came a long way , but not  we didn't not uh  
D:  Two or three ? 
B:  Mm two . 
D:  Two ? Antek . 
C:  But you can't make a remote control without them , because  
B:  Because we got  
D:  Nay that that that's true , that's true . They're definitely needed . So  
A:  No , w w it can also always be more simplistic , but two is  yeah . 
D:  we put it on a two ? 
C:  Yes . 
D:  The remote control has got a really trendy look . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Yes . A one . 
D:  Maarten . 
A:  Yeah , uh a t I think a two . Yeah yeah , y i it's hard to say from this picture . 
B:  Well . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  We  we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Ever , yeah . Guido . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  But I do think it's more  
B:  Uh , I will I will make it a three , because uh  yeah . I I th 
A:  But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful . 
D:  Yeah , uh I agree . I agree . 
C:  Yes . 
A:  <other> So so I think maybe it has to score higher uh on this than on the  
B:  Yeah . True , yeah . 
D:  I was planning to give it a two , uh where I give the not ugly uh  oh , yeah , that's true . You agree on the two ? 
A:  A th a three . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes . 
A:  I i uh when you compare to the  
D:  Great . Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . 
A:  Uh uh what's the difference with  <laugh> 
D:  Uh , I copied that one . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Well , uh forget that . Um  
A:  Okay . 
D:  Go away . Remote control has got innovative technology implanted . 
B:  No . We're not  well , maybe the the the  on the side . 
C:  No . 
A:  No . 
C:  No , not L_C_D_ , so . 
A:  Yeah , but we uh   you mean the rubber stuff ? Yeah , but we have t we have to talk about the lights uh . And I don't u also it's also really not innovative , it's more  
D:  Yeah , and the light . 
B:  And the light maybe . 
C:  But that that's not innovative . Lights lights are  
B:  But  
D:  Well , I g It's not  seven ? 
A:  No , six . Or seven maybe , <laugh> yeah . Or six . 
B:  Well , six . No , six . 
C:  Six . 
D:  Why uh why not a seven ? 
B:  Six . 
A:  Yeah , mine is seven . 
C:  Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative , but it but it  
B:  Yeah . 
D:  How ? 
A:  Uh it's uh depends on the on the maybe  
C:  With the lights it  it's it's kind of future  
B:    
A:  No , I think I think actually it's a seven maybe , but there's nothing innovative about it . 
D:  Yeah , you think the lights are innovative ? Well , it's n true . Uh , I agree , m but  
C:  But still you can retrieve it when it's when it's gone , with the  with  
B:  Innovative in generally or just f original for  
D:  I'll  Yeah , you you didn't draw the docking station . <laugh> 
C:  Yes . <laugh> The docking station is a is a little bit innovative . It's a part of the remote . <laugh> And with the speaker on the  there's also a speaker . 
A:  N no no , t  . 
D:  Yeah , it it's  I think I think with its  
B:  A docking station is innova 
A:  Yeah , I mean the dock station , but but uh , I think the the docking station , <laugh> it's gonna be a  kind of a problem . But  
B:  <laugh> 
D:  I think more m 
B:  Okay . <laugh> <other> 
D:  Uh that  that's n 
A:  Well , let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . Well I i  yeah . No ? 
C:  Okay . 
D:  No uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so I think we  
A:  Okay , for now it's a six or a seven uh , sev six maybe , because  
D:  It's it's a six . 
B:  Six . 
C:  But the retrieval or the  
D:  That m f Yeah , for the retrieval function . 
A:  Yeah , but I don't I don't know if it's very <other> inno yeah . 
D:  Yeah . I think that's very innovative for a remote control . 
C:  Yes ,  how would you innovate a remote control more ? 
A:  Yeah , v Yeah , more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and  no no , you know what I mean . You have   must be innovative technology for remote controls , but more in how you control stuff , not in how you find your  yeah . Yeah , it's  that's that's  think about it la later on and uh  
C:  To put it on your head . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> Yeah sure , but  But I d I definitely don't think it's a five , but  Remote control is easy to use . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , as a a one or a two ma uh at least . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Yeah , a two . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  I think a two . Yeah ? 
A:  Yeah , it's good . 
B:  More two . 
D:  Come on . The remote control hasn't got uh   . 
A:  No , I would have seen <laugh> that one before . Oh , you skipped one uh  
C:  <laugh> 
D:  I've just filled  uh 
A:  Uh , here . 
D:  Go away . 
C:  You like the buttons . <laugh> 
D:  I found twelve questions so much , but it still is ten . 
A:  Remote control will be bought by  
D:  It will be bought by people under the age of forty . 
C:  Yes . 
A:  Yeah . Definitely . 
B:  Yes . 
C:  In in  and comparing with uh people of th of the age above ? 
A:  Well  
D:  No no no . No , just if they if they buy it . 
A:  Uh , just in general . Yeah , a two . 
C:  We don't know . But  
A:  Yeah , but I think I think two . 
D:  Yeah , what do you think ? 
B:  Yeah , I think two , yeah . I agree . Two . 
D:  Antek ? 
C:  Yes , two , but only in c when you compare it with with elderly . 
A:  Uh , that is not the question . It's just w it will be bought by people under forty . 
D:  No , that's no comparison . 
A:  Yeah , you can  yeah , you can be very picky about it . 
D:  And I don't mean two people . 
C:  This is just guessing . 
A:  Ah yeah , just make it  we'll make it a two . 
C:  Make it a two . 
D:  W w 
C:  When it succeeds , uh it can get a two , mu 
D:  Right , the rem The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan . 
A:  Oh no . Yeah . Yeah , you have make an  slogan is quite obvious  . 
B:  We don't have the slogan though . 
D:  Oh , the slogan . Can we see the slogan ? 
A:  Oh the  oh sorry , no , not not the slogan . Yeah , you can put that on the side if <laugh> if we would like to . 
B:  The logo . 
C:  A logo . 
B:  Underneath it or something . 
C:  Yes , uh encrypted uh with  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three . Maybe a three this time . 
D:  Are we gonna do that ? 
B:  <other> A three . Three . Yeah , a three . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  Three ? I agree . Because of the slogan   Remote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users . 
A:  And uh  Uh , it's a one or a two . 
B:  Yeah , two . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  Two ? Two . Alright . 
A:  Yeah , make it a two . 
B:  Two . 
D:  We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average . Four , five , seven , nine . Forget that . Fifteen , seventeen , twenty one , twenty four , twenty six . Twenty six . It's a two point six . 
A:  It's not that bad . Yeah , and that's mostly the inno when we uh score higher on innovative technology , we would score two , 
D:  Alright , we  yeah . Yeah . True . 
A:  which is uh quite a great score . Okay . Uh , this is  was uh the evaluation ? 
D:  <other> This was my evaluation . So  
A:  Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has  
D:  We did a pretty nice job until now . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Um , is this your  
topic_description:	evaluation of prototype(s)_None


C:  Is there something after this uh meeting ? Or  
D:  Whatever . Well , I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire . 
B:  No . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Okay , yeah . 
D:  <fatigued sigh> 
A:  Still opened or uh  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  Okay , finance . Because um 
B:  <laugh> Shoot . 
A:  I received uh a spreadsheet . 
D:  A five . A five . 
A:  Yeah , but I uh actually don't need this presentation , I guess . Oh . 
D:  Doesn't matter . 
A:  I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together , because I didn't really fin uh I have a  . 
B:   
A:  Didn't really finish it . Well , we uh  We'll see . We'll stumble upon some problems . 
D:  We probably will . 
A:   I probably have already opened it here .  try it again . First of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . But let's let's st start with beginning . We include one battery . I i uh I'll explain its  Uh , the the components are listed over here . Uh , price is given . We um  yeah , we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . And then uh , we'll uh calcula Don't watch the number yet . I don't know if it's filled in properly . Okay , we need one battery . One battery . I think one battery is enough . We don't need kinetic , solar cells , hand dynamo . A s okay , this this is a p first problem . Uh , I think 
D:  The amount , yeah . 
C:  Yes . 
A:  we should know how many simple chips , regular chips  
C:  Uh it's it's one one chip , but but you have to choose one from it . 
A:  Okay . But   
C:  The simple chip is e enough I I think , but with the lights with the lights and the retrieval , it can be uh  
D:  I don't know  
A:  Where did we find this information ? Was it  
D:  I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use , really . 
C:  No , uh I  
A:  I think it was uh your job in the first uh meet Uh , f your first presentation to make this clear , but then you had some t time problems . But do you th you  do you know what chip we need ? 
B:  No . 
C:  Yes , my my my uh  
D:  Yeah . 
C:  The the email I got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like I think the advanced chip  maybe . 
D:  Yeah . And how do you know ? I mean , you got that email . Did it point out what to use them for ? 
C:  Bec No , the  they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker uh in it . 
A:  Maybe you can uh look it up right now . Okay , but  okay . When we don't  when we leave the uh retriever and such aside , what   then it would be a simple chip . And with the retriever , it would be an advanced chip . 
C:  Then it's a simple chip . Yes , I I I s I  
D:  Alright , well , point out the advanced chip for now , I guess . 
A:  Okay . Yeah , but it will it will it will be  cause a lot of problems . <laugh> The sample sensor  sample speaker . What is it m is that the speaker we were t I don't know what it is . 
C:  That will be enough for future uh recommendations . I don't know it uh either . 
D:  I don't know . 
A:  Okay , we went for the double-curved case 
C:  Yes . 
A:  made out of plastic and rubber . And with a special colour . I guess that's what we were  
B:  Well , special colour .  . 
A:  Yeah , I don't know about the special colour , but I think w uh  
C:  Otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour . 
D:  I don't know if it's very special . 
B:  I don't  
A:  Yeah , I think we uh we have special colours . 
B:  Mm okay . 
C:  Standard rubber . 
D:  Alright , that's okay . 
A:  Okay , then the push-button , I was just counting them . Uh , I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , isn't it ? 
C:  St <laugh> 
B:  Whoa , it's a little  
C:  Yes . 
A:  Well that's bit of a problem , because I re but I really don't understand that , because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet . 
B:  <other> That's huge . No . We have <other> the simplest buttons . 
D:  No . 
C:  No , it's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . If you use a scroll-wheel  
A:  Yeah . 
D:  I don't think so , because it says amount . The the the yellow row is the amount of  
A:  Ah . Yeah , it wouldn't  Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the  and the total cost  I don't know . 
C:  Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons . You can have f four kind of push-buttons . 
A:  I 
C:  Rubber . You can have uh  
B:  Uh , one til nine . Is that one or is that nine buttons ? 
A:  And I count them like this . One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen . Because  Oh , this is  oh , this is one , okay . Twelve , okay , then it would be eighteen , because uh , I uh rated them as uh um 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  To n that's total of four buttons . 
A:  as uh uh uh separate buttons . Yes . And plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it's will be uh eighteen . 
C:  Different , yes . 
D:  I think that  Eighteen . One two three four five , si 
C:  Why is that so uh expensive . 
A:  Yeah , I don't understand . Y I do I don't get the point , because it's would be s relatively so expensive , just these m small buttons . 
B:  Is it cents , the the the fifty cents a button ? 
D:  Fifty cents for one single stupid button . 
C:  So , whe when you  so then it  
B:  No way . 
A:  Well , okay , well well let's make it just one . 
C:  It's eighty percent of the price of the of the amount of  
A:  Here , now it's now it's already s shall we just 
D:  Yeah , exactly . Yeah . 
A:  give our own interpretation to , because else we would really have a problem . It would be impossible to make it  
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <other> I can't  I I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . Really . 
B:  It's way  
C:  When you have the same amount of button , you have to put in wi in your carton . Board . And then throw it  
A:  And and less buttons than this isn't possible . This is the most simple  yeah , it is possible , but I've never seen one before . 
D:  Yeah , yeah ,  <other> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  No , no no . 
C:  But whe 
A:  <other> 
C:  I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , but but  
D:  No , really . 
A:  <other> Yeah , without the numbers . That's possible . 
B:  Yeah , uh  
A:  Yeah , we could skip the numbers . 
D:  Yeah , but I d I wouldn't want to own that . Really . 
B:  That's still four . 
C:  Uh , it's it's still for little children . They can handle that remote control , but but it isn't fo 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Then uh , teletext would also be im impossible . 
C:  Yes , it's for  it's li uh it's just for a little  
B:  Yeah , that's no option , that's no option . 
A:  Okay , we'll we'll just  okay . But then still , <laugh> when we  there's no room for a docking station or something . Tha w Le let's see th we have uh  oh yeah , button supplements . We'll give the buttons special colour . We'll give them a special form . Uh , I think we should mark the special form thing , because it  this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons , I guess . 
B:  <other> A special colour , why a special colour ? 
A:  Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . I think that's the  what they mean by a special colour . I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do , making it  
B:  But wha what s what special ? 
C:  Otherwise , it  
B:  Okay , yeah . 
C:  Otherwise it would be the  
D:  I don't think the special form is really true . 
B:  Uh , yeah . 
C:  Special form also , it says . 
A:  Yeah , special material r also , because i has rubber . And the buttons have to be rubber . 
D:  Is it ? 
C:  What is the normal material ? 
D:  Yeah , I dunno . 
B:  Plastic . 
C:  <laugh> Sh yeah . 
B:  Plastic , I think . 
C:  Classic ? Oh , plastic . 
B:  Plastic . 
D:  Plastic . 
A:  'Kay , but the problem now is that <other> the  There's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station  yes . And and  but we don't have to tell it , but what we can say of  can um almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Separately . 
B:  Se no no no . 
A:  <laugh> Yeah , yeah . Yeah , but I do like the idea , but we  yeah . It uh  but it  then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore , but we can  but then you still have to use  we have to find out what chip we u need . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <other> 
D:  No . 
C:  No , but you  otherwise you can't retrieve it . 
D:  Yeah , I really don't get it . I mean if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents . 
A:  I think we can agree on this . I I think the special colour thing has to be uh marked . 'Cause I think we uh  Yeah , I think that's what what what they uh mean  
D:  Yeah , yep . 
C:  But for two Euros and thirty cents , we uh we don't get a docking station . 
D:  I think so , too . Oh , I don't know . 
A:  But can we find out uh about uh this chips ? Because when we don't need a d a docking station , then probably we also have only  we also need a simple chip . 
B:  And then we can get a docking station . <laugh> 
A:  And maybe then we can do something extra . Oh , n uh oh , still  oh , it's gonna get more expensive with  . Two . Then we have some money left . We can put then  
C:  For   <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  For two Euros . 
A:  We can put a scroll-wheel on it or something . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> Uh why ? I mean i i if you  if it would cost two Euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , I mean uh we're not gonna add uh a trip to Hawaii to it . 
A:  Yeah , well who knows . Or a little bit of tin titanium . 
B:  But what what can we do  
A:  Yeah , or we can ki do the kinetic cells . That's also maybe an idea . 
B:  But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? 
A:  Yeah that's what then what he has to find out . Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , then we know  then we exactly know what it will cost us . Maybe is that  that's nice to know . 
B:  If if i Regular chip and  because we don't have uh special functions to use uh in advanced chip , for example . 
A:  Yeah , bu bu but when we  yeah , but when we skip when we um  when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still  yeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , because that was our our special feature . 
D:  I like the hand dynamo part . We can make a plain docking station for two Euros . I mean  
B:  Yeah . We'll go back uh tomorrow . <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , okay , you can also do that , but maybe  
D:  Wi wi without recharge  
A:  It still is a special remote control cons uh you know , wi its form is special and material . 
D:  Yeah , but but we can make a docking station for two Euros uh if you don't put the recharge function in it . I mean , it has a shape . Of course it has a shape , but i i 
A:  Yeah , but for two Euros , then we have still  maybe we have to use the advanced chip , then two Euros isn't even possible . 
D:  Why should that not be possible ? 
A:  Yeah , then  because then we'd  thirty cents left . 
D:  No , for for the uh for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip . 
A:  Yeah , but  yeah , I don't know , because maybe d uh yeah , we have to find out with the simple chip . 
B:  That's the question . If we do i do we need an advanced chip , or is it okay f 
D:  Yes . 
A:  Yeah , and w and and we uh need f and what is this ? Sample sensor sample speaker . 
C:  It isn't in my information , so I don't know it uh either . It isn't in my information , I uh I  I've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or  
A:    You can look at it for s presentation . S technical functions ? 
B:  No . 
C:  Uh I've got here in uh  I will put a I will put a page on it . 
B:  No no , they were uh mine , yeah . 
A:  Oh . 
C:  When my mouse works again . 
A:  Oh , oh oh . Hey . Oh . 
C:  My mouse is uh  
D:  Dead . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  Reanimate it . 
C:  Oh . 
B:  Died . 
C:  Ah , I've got it . I will put uh my email on the the network . 
D:  What the hell are these ? 
C:  It's on it . 
D:  Oh , whatever . 
B:  Yeah , it's open . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm . I don't think here  it's in here already . 
B:  It's circuit board . It's only just basics for for  
A:  It's nothing about s yeah . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  At the end circuit there is an infrared LED . 
D:  This isn't helpful . 
A:  No . But i in the presentation of yours , there was also something about different components . Which one was it ? 
B:  Components design . 
A:  Functional requirements ? 
C:  Um  
D:  No , that was my presentation . 
B:  Components design maybe . 
C:  Yes , that was mine . 
B:  N on top . 
A:  Ah . Ah yes , it was the second one . 
C:  But that was my second  
A:  Yeah , it was your second  your first presentation . 
D:  It's already open . It's at the bottom . 
B:  Working design . 
A:  Sorry ? 
D:  It's uh at your task bar . 
B:  Yeah , but it's the the other one . 
D:  Oh . 
C:  Mm  
B:  Was it working design or components design ? 
A:  Uh , this is n this is not this n that's not the right one . I don't  oh . 
D:  Sorry . Okay , sorry . 
A:  No , this is the other one . Or maybe something is uh  maybe there's something abo in in these  
B:  Chip set . 
C:  But this is the same uh  This is o only the possibilities . 
A:  Here . 
C:  Yeah . We can use a simple , a regular , or advanced chip . 
D:  Yeah , nice . I it doesn't say anything . 
B:  The display requires an advanced chip . 
A:  You know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires    Okay , so we only need a simple chip . 
C:  Ah , okay . 
B:  Requires . 
C:  With the light . 
B:  Little lights . Yeah , but that that's just the same as the the LED . 
A:  No no , that's just a simple chip . 
D:  That's not needed . 
A:  A scroll-wheel    it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . So , we don't need any of them . 
D:  A display uh is , of course , uh for showing letters . For showing text . I don't think that uh just a l a little light  
C:  L_C_D_ . 
B:  Yeah . No . I think uh the uh normal uh simple chip will be okay . 
D:  Yeah , I agree . 
A:  And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ? 
C:  Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , I guess so too . 
B:  Yeah , true . 
D:  Next channel . 
B:  Well , that's not too  what we want . 
D:  No . Well , we might want it , but  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay . 
C:  <laugh> All in twelve Euros . 
A:  Back to the costs . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Twelve Euros and fifty cents . 
A:  So we're gonna use the simple chip . 
B:  So , simple chip is okay . 
D:  Great . Delete . Yeah . 
C:  And the lights . Where uh are the lights ? 
B:  Yeah , lights , yeah , there's no 
D:  Well , there're three , I guess . 
B:  category . <laugh> 
A:  Nah , there is some money left to be spent . 
B:  Can we do it wi within two two Euro ? 
D:  I think we can make a docking station . Yeah . 
A:  Okay , but what we have to think about now is that is is it still a special remote control ? But I mean it isn't  it hasn't got any innovative technology , we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated  innovative te technology anyway , I think . I don't I don't see any possibility to do so , because it would  wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy . But what w is there some extra  maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something . 
B:  Mm-hmm . But it's original . 
D:  No , that's true . 
A:  Instead of the rechargeable  the rechargeable thing was something to um  know , so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore . Maybe we  if we put the kinetic thing in it  
D:  M bu 
C:  But but sometimes you put a  
A:  Yeah , you leave the p yeah , I know , but still I  they will think about that . I mean if you u 
C:  Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking . 
A:  The uh  it's made for s people  well , the they don't  if it was uh uh r useless technology , they wouldn't put it uh as a possibility . And i it it  th th the the target the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking  . Because I think it  when when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic uh uh power source , then it would be this one . Because it's one  it gets thrown around  thrown around a lot and it gets used a lot  
C:  Uh solar cells are useless . 
D:  Or the hand dynamo dynamo  
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Hey that  maybe that's cool  that's a cool thing about it , you know . You don't use batteries . I've never seen it before in a remote control . 
D:  Yeah , but but if we ca I don't know if  
B:  But then we could make a docking station . 
D:  Five minutes . 
A:  No , we we we can't make a docking station anyway . 
D:  That's not true . 
A:  Yeah , we can als or uh also m we we can make one  we can still make  
D:  We can make a docking station for two thirty . 
B:  Wow , w why no li Look at now , we got two 
D:  Two thirty . 
C:  Fo <laugh> for a docking station . With a cable , with uh buttons on it , with retrieval uh device in it . 
B:  two thirty left . Ca can't we make a docking station of that ? 
D:  We can make a docking station . Sure . Sure . 
B:  I don't know . 
D:  The power device is is i i is very cheap . That's just a regular uh power cable and whatever . 
A:  <laugh> Yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . 
C:  <laugh> Wi with a button to 
B:  Well , we we uh  
D:  So . 
C:  wi with a button to retrieve it , so it will beep . Uh , so it's uh wireless technology . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  <laugh> Yeah , but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the  these costs of the speaker and other stuff . I don't think it's realistic for you to do so . 
D:  <other> Well then it's a useless project . 
C:  Look at the case , the case the case of of uh of uh  
A:  Oh , because we   
B:  Yeah , then we don't have any innovation things . 
A:  We  well look at all the special stuff we have . Colour a the colours are special , the form is special . It  th this is whole concept . Uh maybe it  with the kinetic thing , I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing . 
D:  <other> Can't we uh  Can't we say fifteen Euros ? 
A:  <laugh> Uh , no . 
D:  No , sta yeah  I mean  
B:  <laugh> 
C:  No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros . 
D:  No . 
B:  No , we only make less profit of it . 
C:  It's the  
D:  You can sell for twenty seven and a half . Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs . 
B:  <other> No . 
A:  Yeah , I don my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it uh like a  Uh uh I I I I still fee I also feel this concept of making it kinetic , because of the  you know , it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control . 
D:  I don't think  
C:  Maybe we can uh can do it both . Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic . 
D:  No . 
A:  No , that wouldn't n no . 
D:  Thirteen twenty . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , and it is also not a good  it's not  you have to really do it only kinetic , you don't want it to think about batteries anymore . 
D:  And I think only  
C:  Yes , but when it's  then when it  then you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty . 
D:  Yeah , but only kinetic , then you gotta  
A:  No no . Yeah , it's great . 
D:  You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> No no no . No no , this is very sophisticated technology technology . When you use it  your remote like once a day , or maybe even less i i it  
B:  <laugh> <other> 
C:  <laugh> You asked for three d No , that's n that's not true . Uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time . 
D:  No . 
A:  It  We can make it  yeah  no . Becau be but a remote control gets  why do they state that this technology can be used if it 
C:  Yes , solar cells are also stated . 
A:  Yeah , m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells . 
C:  Why don't we use solar cells then ? 
A:  Because I think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and  
C:  That's true . 
D:  Yeah , it's funny for a week . I guess something like that , where you have to move it around very frequently , is demotivating . 
A:  <laugh> Yeah , but you don't have to . Trust me . The idea of this technology is that you don't think about it , it just happens . 
D:  No , I I don't move my uh my remote control very much , seriously . 
A:  Okay , then we d Okay , well y we don't have to do it , but what  that would just have a lack of key features , you know . You m have to put something on your box . You have to make people buy it and uh  
C:  Oui . 
A:  We can really can do the docking thing , uh it's not  yeah , uh we can do it , but it's would be a easy way out . 
C:  <laugh> You can do it for fifty cents . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Well , we've got more than fifty Cents . 
C:  The c <laugh> The case the case alone is is is uh 
A:  Okay , but we have to grou to agree upon something , because uh we only have a minute left or so . 
C:  the case alone for uh remote control is at least one Euro . Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station . 
A:  No no , it's not possible . Okay , w b we can s we can leave it on be well then then th it's  this is  then then our concept is ready . 
B:  Cheap remote control . 
A:  Yeah , we make some extra profit of it . 
D:  Yeah . <yawn> No , we won't , but that's um something else . No , this not gonna sell . No . 
C:  But now  
B:  <laugh> It w it won't tell , but  
A:  Huh , any ideas ? 
D:  Of course not . 
B:  No , uh , n no 
C:  Great  . It's great . 
B:  Yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . You have to do it over . 
C:  Our remote control . 
D:  We come back tomorrow , okay ? 
B:  Yeah . <laugh>  the  
A:  No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left . I mean we're gonna  it's gonna excel in in on in the the range in the field of design and and uh looks and feel . 
C:  Yes . Seventy Euros . 
B:  No , but  no . 
A:  That's what it's  makes it special . Yeah , and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature , and uh I know it will work , but uh it's it's an  They're they're not putting technologies on this  , but if it if it was impossible to to make it happen . 
C:  Why not a hand dynamo then ? 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , well we leave it like this . Then it's c then we're  yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , yeah . 
topic_description:	costing_None


D:  We can't do anything else . Warning , finish meeting now . 
C:  We're done . 
D:  Yes , yes . Celebration . I don't see why , but  
C:  Yes . Where's the champagne ? 
D:  I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest . 
A:  Okay , project e uh well , we were gonna what look  take a look at the last sheet . 
C:  Is this it ? 
D:  Yeah , <other> sure . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  No , we can't . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , we have to  Yeah , it's   <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> No . Yeah ? 
C:  I don't uh hear a bell . 
D:  No , not yet . 
C:  <makes ringing sound> 
B:  <sound imitating bell ringing> 
D:  Alright , I'll see you guys in a minute . 
B:  We can do it here then . 
C:  Bye . 
D:  I don't think so . 
B:  Can we  can't we do it here ? 
D:  I don't know . I don't I don't think so . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Uh-huh . Just fill that one in . 
B:  Yeah , we're doing now . But it's  . Oh , okay . 
A:  Uh , I don't know . 
B:  Nice . 
topic_description:	closing_None


