A:  Hi everybody and welcome to our kick-off meeting um for our new product that we're gonna be designing . 
A:  Um I'm Mandy and I'm the Project Manager . 
A:  And I know all your names again , Courtney , Fenella and Amber . 
A:  Okay , here is our agenda for this meeting . 
A:  Um tool training , we're going to , I guess , figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles . 
A:  Um we're gonna make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting . 
A:  We're gonna make a new remote control that's um original , trendy and also user-friendly . 
A:  We're gonna have  discuss the functional design first , <other> how is it gonna be used , what's the actual goal here , it has to operate T_V_ , blah blah blah . 
A:  And we're going to do individual work on that and then meet . 
A:  Same thing with conceptual design . 
A:  And then the detailed design , just more in-depth , get the actual schematics of the remote . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager introduced the project to the group and gave an agenda for the project as a whole.

A:  First we're gonna start off by using our tools . 
B:  I think we should forgo the whiteboard since we can't actually see what we're writing . 
A:  Um right now so we're all gonna draw our favourite animal and then sum up our favourite characteristics of that animal . 
abst_sum - abstract: She then introduced a tool training exercise to acquaint the group with the meeting-room tools and to help them get to know each other.

A:  Um the selling price for our remote is going to be twenty-five Euro , 
A:  and our profit aim is fifty million Euro . 
A:  We're going to make this an international product marketed in the States , in Europe , in Asia . 
A:  And um our production cost to make that profit is gonna be a max of twelve fifty Euro per remote . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager then presented the project budget to the group and presented the projected profit aim, the production cost, and the price point of the device.

A:  Um here are some topics that we might be able to discuss . 
A:  Expe our experiences with remote controls um , our first ideas about this new remote , 
A:  anything that you can bring to the table for this project . 
B:  Well , we wanna make a multifunctional remote , 
abst_sum - abstract: The group then began a discussion about features of remote controls and their own  experiences with them.

D:  It needs to be compatible 'cause universal remote controls are never universal . 
A:  and um another thing that I think is important is the d the design of the product , how it feels in your hand . 
A:  They want the ergonomic ones . 
A:  If it's just flat and kind of boring th those don't  Nobody wants to buy those any more . 
B:  What kinda battery would we want to use ? 
C:  Double A_ . 
D:  So double or triple ? 
A:  it's okay , we don't have to decide about it now , 
abst_sum - abstract: They discussed making the remote universally compatible and ergonomically-designed, and types of batteries to use.

None
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to work on the internal working design of the device.

None
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer was told to work on the technical function design, and the Marketing Expert was instructed to research the needs of users.

A:  you're going to think about the working design . 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer will work on the internal working design.

A:  And U_I_D_ , the technical fun functions design , 
abst_sum - action: The User Interface Designer will work on the technical function design.

A:  And the marketing person , that's Courtney , is going to do the user requirements specification . 
abst_sum - action: The Marketing Expert will research user requirements.

None
abst_sum - decisions: NA.

None
abst_sum - problems: NA.

