A:  topic of this meeting is I wanna talk a little bit about transcription . 
A:  So , well w shall we move on and talk a little bit about transcription then ? 
A:  is  and so one of the things was to get an estimate of how long it would take , 
A:  and then also what tools we would use . 
A:  And so the next decision which has to be made actually pretty soon is how are we gonna do it ? 
A:  I mean , I looked at Cyber Transcriber 
abst_sum - abstract: The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed the aims, methods, timing, and outsourcing issues concerning transcription of the Meeting Recorder corpus.

A:  What we 're using right now is a tool , um , from this French group , called " Transcriber " 
E:  So as far as I 'm concerned those transcription conventions are fixed right now . 
E:  and  But so in terms of the con the conventions , then , <breath> uh , basically , <breath> uh , it 's strictly orthographic 
E:  So I have  I have a convention of putting like a dash <breath> arrow just to indicate that this person 's utterance continues . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Transcriber software tool was introduced, along with a set of transcription conventions for coding different speech events.

A:  these are linguistics grad students . 
C:  But we can pay a graduate student seven dollars an hour . 
abst_sum - abstract: The prospect of sending the data to an external transcription service was weighed against that of hiring a graduate student transcriber pool.

C:  so that means that even if it takes them thirty times real time it 's cheaper to  to do graduate students . 
A:  I mean , that 's why I said originally , that I couldn't imagine sending it out 's gonna be cheaper . 
abst_sum - abstract: It was tentatively decided that the latter option would be less costly and allow BMR to maintain greater control over the transcription process.

C:  Maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things . 
abst_sum - abstract: Methods for distributing the data were briefly discussed, along with an initiative for creating a BMR project website.

A:  and then get an update on the electronics , 
A:  um , let 's move on to electronics . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group received an update on the meeting room recording setup and electronics.

C:  cuz they 're distributing it through the LDC . 
C:  Maybe we should  maybe we should get a copy of it just to see what they did 
C:  so  so that we can  we can compare . 
E:  CSAE . 
E:  Corpus of Spoken American English . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will obtain a copy of the Corpus of Spoken American English (CSAE) from the LDC to compare the methods and conventions used by UC Santa Barbara with those being considered for the Meeting Recorder project.

E:  so I mean , I 've been sort of playing with , uh , different ways of mar cuz I 'm thinking , you know , I mean , if you could get optimal instructions you could cut back on the number of hours it would take . 
E:  So I think though it 's a good proposal to be used on a new  a new batch of text that I haven't yet done yet in the same meeting . Could use it on the next segment of the text . 
A:  I could generate the segmentation and  and you could do the words , and time yourself on it . 
abst_sum - decisions: Speakers fe008 and me011 will experiment with pre-segmentation procedures in hopes of facilitating the transcription process.

A:  So what we wanted to do was have Jane do basically one meeting 's worth , 
A:  you know , forty minutes to an hour , 
abst_sum - decisions: Speaker fe008 will perform the transcription for one meeting (40-60 minutes of data) as a pilot project.

A:  I hope it 's Jane . 
E:  Yeah , no , that  I  I would be interested in that  in becoming involved in the project in some aspect like that  
abst_sum - decisions: A tentative decision was made to put speaker fe008 in charge of the in-house transcription effort.

A:  We could program that pretty easily , 
D:  Are  are those d delays adjustable ? 
E:  Could you get it so that with  so it would  it would detect volume on a channel and insert a marker ? 
B:  Sure . 
A:  So if we want  if we did  if we did something like programmed in a delay , which actually I think is a great idea , um , I 'm sure they would want that incorporated back in . 
A:  and I said , well , maybe . 
A:  And they have  they 've actually asked if we are willing to do any development 
A:  Well , so anyway , are we interested then in writing tools to try to generate any of this stuff automatically ? 
abst_sum - decisions: Modifications to the Transcriber source code, e.g. adjusting the delay between the audio play function and the inputting of time boundaries, may be undertaken by the BMR group.

C:  Maybe we should s consider also , um , starting to build up a web site around all of these things . 
C:  I think mostly internal . 
E:  We could do an HT access which would accommodate those things . 
abst_sum - decisions: An initiative for creating an internal BMR project website was discussed, along with ideas for providing web access to external organizations, such as the University of Washington.

D:  Well I can build a cabinet . 
abst_sum - decisions: A cabinet will be built to house wires and other electronic equipment used in the recording setup.

D:  Which is to say just laptop with a wireless . 
D:  So we certainly could use that as  as a constant reminder of what the VU meters are doing . 
abst_sum - decisions: A laptop and wireless modem will be avaiable to participants for monitoring the recording progress.

A:  And  and so how we do we distribute the transcripts , 
A:  how do we distribute the audio files , 
A:  but  but so should we do it in the same format as LDC 
abst_sum - problems: How should transcripts and corresponding audio files be formatted and distributed?

A:  They 're never gonna be able to do a meeting like this . 
A:  And so  so what I 'm saying is that if we hire an external service I think we can expect three hundred dollars an hour . 
C:  who knows if they 're gonna be able to m manage multal multiple channel data ? 
A:  They won't . 
A:  I mean , that 's why I said originally , that I couldn't imagine sending it out 's gonna be cheaper . 
abst_sum - problems: External transcription services are expensive, difficult to monitor, and are unlikely to be able to handle multi-channel data.

None
abst_sum - problems: It is unclear which levels of transcription should be encoded.

E:  There 's some interesting human factors problems like , <breath> yeah , what span of  of time is it useful to segment the thing into in order to uh , transcribe it the most quickly . 
abst_sum - problems: What size of segment is most useful for doing transcriptions?

None
abst_sum - problems: Which level of segmentation is most suitable for the aims of the project?

A:  Um , the user interface only allows two . 
A:  And so if  if you 're using their interface to specify overlapping speakers you can only do two . 
A:  It 's just there 's no user interface for specifying multiple  any more than two . 
abst_sum - problems: Transcriber's interface only allows the user to view two overlapping speakers.

D:  No , but w certainly one of the issues is  is the , uh  is security . 
abst_sum - problems: Decisions must be made regarding the security of electronic recording equipment.

