A:  let's get started . 
A:  Uh opening acquaintance , tool training , uh how to use the things here . Uh project plan discussion , and yeah then the rest of the meeting . 
A:  Um we're supposed to develop a new remote control , 
A:  that's both original , trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  Um we're work we're working uh from top to bottom . Uh functional design , 
A:  then we do some in individual work , 
A:  then we have a meeting to discuss the results , etcetera etcetera . 
A:  And at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: When the meeting begins the project manager lists the agenda and then describes the project, which is to develop a new remote control that is original, trendy, and user-friendly.

A:  Uh we have available the smart board and the whiteboard . Um 
A:  uh we should take some practice . 
A:  I have some instructions now to do that . 
A:  you know how to  the documents work . 
A:  Uh this for toolbar . You see it next . Um 
A:  And we can use this pen to perform . <laugh> 
A:  It doesn't always work . 
A:  and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera etcetera . 
A:  Each of you can uh take some practice 
A:  and you should draw an animal . Uh you should explain  Uh with different colours and with different pen widths . 
A:  And you should explain why you draw that particular animal . 
C:  Different pen widths , how do you do that ? 
A:  Uh with the format menu . 
A:  And use different colours etcetera . 
B:  <laugh> It's a giraffe . Yeah . 
D:  Can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? Or 
D:  so y you must save it at the end 
A:  you can press the next button , 
C:  I in the file option menu . 
C:  Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ? 
A:  introduction and get acquainted 
C:  I'm guessing a turtle . 
D:  How to select the next or  
C:   Colours were under format 
D:  A fox yeah . 
C:  <laugh> It's a cat . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Other Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The group practices using the smart board by choosing an animal to draw and then explaining why they picked it.

A:  we have a financial aspect to this project . <other> 
A:  Um we can sell them at twenty five Euros . Uh 
A:  the aim is to reach  uh uh to sell as much as fifty million Euros . 
A:  Uh that's quite a big amount of money . 
A:  And the production cost should be the half of the selling price . 
A:  now it's time for some discussion . 
A:  Uh I'm taking notes . Um 
descriptions: Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Offer 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager goes over the product budget and they proceed to have discussion.

A:  we each have a specific task , 
A:  I didn't know if you received the same mail . 
A:  as I saw in my mail . 
A:  this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design . 
A:  Uh the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions . 
A:  <laugh> And the Marketing uh Expert should come up with user requirements . 
A:  Uh did any of you already do some work on this part 
C:  I started making an overview for myself , um what I had to do , 
C:  and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever . 
C:  'cause we have three design steps 
A:  Uh and what did the Marketing Expert do ? 
D:  from a marketing uh <other> perspective , um well the function des design phase uh consists out of the user requirements . 
D:  Um what needs and desires are to be fulfilled ? 
D:  there are a few means to reach that um by by doing research <other> uh to see what existing products are there out in the market . 
D:  I mean , what functions do they have . 
D:  Um especially what are their shortcomings ? 
D:  Are there any new functions uh which can be added to our product ? 
D:  Um therefore we have to to do some internet search . For example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions ? 
D:  Um <other> and we can interview current users and future users . What w what would they like to see uh on a new remote control ? Um especially for future users , 
D:  uh I'm thinking of early adopters , 
D:  because they they use new technology first , 
A:  Um but have you any idea so far as what uh the user requirements are ? 
D:  No n not specifically . 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Elicit-Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They each identify their individual tasks during each phase based on their role in the group.

A:  And do you have any ideas about the product uh so far ? 
C:  I started I started with the first phase , 
C:  I had to focus on the working design , which you said . 
C:  I basically had two points . 
C:  Uh <other> according to the coffee uh machine example , I have batteries to supply energy , 
C:  and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the T_V_ . 
A:  I got another point . 
A:  It uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the T_V_ apparatus or stereo . 
B:  Uh it's uh some buttons for for the on off function . 
B:  And for the changing up to the  to all the channels and changing the volume . 
B:  That are the the basic options for a remote control . 
C:  I mean , you wanna ch ch flip the channel 
C:  but you might wanna use teletext also . 
B:  <cough> I got some uh requirements 
B:  it has uh  it has to be user-friendly . 
B:  <laugh> <other> Uh really easy to use buttons , 
B:  not not uh very small buttons , 
B:  but not the the also the big big buttons , 
B:  It has to be a small unit . 
B:  you can take it with you uh everywhere in in your house . 
B:  Uh and a and a good uh zapping range . <laugh> 
B:  Uh the distance uh from your television to your uh remote control has to be , uh yeah um yeah , quite a big distance . 
A:  I don't think I have anything more to add at the moment . 
A:  I think we can go ahead with what we have . 
A:  I will summarise the things we discussed 
A:  and put it in the project folder . 
descriptions: Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Offer Offer 
abst_sum - abstract: They briefly discuss characteristics of a desirable remote, including medium size buttons, small unit, and work within a good zapping range.

A:  Uh the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design , etcetera etcetera . 
C:  I'm just a bit wondering what we're gonna do the next uh session ? 
B:  Do we only have to to do uh phase one , the functional design uh ? 
B:  After that we are going to the conceptual uh  
A:  we have meeting , 
A:  individual work , meeting . 
A:  And at the end of the day we have a final meeting . 
C:  I mean , is it gonna be a multimedia control centre ? 
C:  Do we want to be able to use the video recorder with it ? <other> 
A:  I think that is the user requirements part . 
A:  As to what they want . Uh do they want all those functions on that small  
C:  But but we need good communication about this stuff , 
C:  So if I don't know what components to put in , it's kind of hard . 
descriptions: Inform Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The team again discusses their individual responsibilities and move on to ponder whether the remote will be multifunctional or only for the TV.

B:  I I think we have first to start with the basic functions 
B:  and we can uh expand them . 
D:  like l li like some like some some remotes who are out there , which I know , there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices . 
D:  So you can switch to your video 
D:  and then the same buttons control your video . 
D:  And another function I'll think of switch to your media centre , 
C:  but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . 
C:  You need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function . 
C:  And you you don't need that for a T_V_ . 
C:  And and for a t uh teletext you need additional buttons as well , 
C:  so I kind of need to know what we uh need . 
C:  and then we can discuss it with the next uh meeting . 
A:  We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video . 
A:  And um reserve the possibility to add other features . 
A:  So we have a basic starting point 
A:  so make sure it's extendible . Yeah . 
A:  and you can always extend that 
B:  it it has yeah it has to be user-friendly . 
A:  <other> Th the least amount of functions possible 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They decide to first assume it is only for TV and video, but allowing the possibility to add more features.

A:  and uh I'll see you again uh when the computer tells us to . 
A:  Let's see what we got to do . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They close the meeting upon establishing what each person will do.

A:  Uh the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The interface designer should specify technical functions.

A:  <laugh> And the Marketing uh Expert should come up with user requirements . 
D:  Um therefore we have to to do some internet search . For example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions ? 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will come up with user requirements by doing internet research.

A:  this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design . 
A:  Uh the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design , etcetera etcetera . 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer should produce a working design.

A:  And it seems you get more information by email . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: They will receive more information by email

A:  Um we can sell them at twenty five Euros . Uh 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The product will be sold at 25 Euros.

A:  the aim is to reach  uh uh to sell as much as fifty million Euros . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The aim is to seel 50 million Euros.

A:  And the production cost should be the half of the selling price . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The production cost should be half the selling price.

B:  I I think we have first to start with the basic functions 
B:  and we can uh expand them . 
C:  but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . 
A:  We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video . 
A:  And um reserve the possibility to add other features . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: To get started they will assume the remote to be for TV and video, and reserve the possibility to add features.

