A:  let's get started . 

A:  Uh opening acquaintance , tool training , uh how to use the things here . Uh project plan discussion , and yeah then the rest of the meeting . 

A:  Um we're work we're working uh from top to bottom . Uh functional design , 

A:  you know how to  the documents work . 

A:  Uh this for toolbar . You see it next . Um 

A:  And we can use this pen to perform . <laugh> 

A:  It doesn't always work . 

A:  and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera etcetera . 

A:  Each of you can uh take some practice 

C:  Different pen widths , how do you do that ? 

A:  Uh with the format menu . 

B:  <laugh> It's a giraffe . Yeah . 

D:  Can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? Or 

A:  you can press the next button , 

C:  I in the file option menu . 

C:  Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ? 

A:  introduction and get acquainted 

C:  I'm guessing a turtle . 

D:  How to select the next or  

C:   Colours were under format 

D:  A fox yeah . 

C:  <laugh> It's a cat . 

A:  we have a financial aspect to this project . <other> 

A:  now it's time for some discussion . 

A:  Uh I'm taking notes . Um 

A:  I didn't know if you received the same mail . 

A:  as I saw in my mail . 

A:  this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design . 

A:  Uh the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions . 

A:  <laugh> And the Marketing uh Expert should come up with user requirements . 

C:  I started making an overview for myself , um what I had to do , 

C:  and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever . 

C:  'cause we have three design steps 

A:  And do you have any ideas about the product uh so far ? 

C:  I started I started with the first phase , 

C:  I had to focus on the working design , which you said . 

C:  I basically had two points . 

A:  I got another point . 

B:  Uh it's uh some buttons for for the on off function . 

B:  And for the changing up to the  to all the channels and changing the volume . 

C:  I mean , you wanna ch ch flip the channel 

A:  Uh and what did the Marketing Expert do ? 

D:  from a marketing uh <other> perspective , um well the function des design phase uh consists out of the user requirements . 

D:  there are a few means to reach that um by by doing research <other> uh to see what existing products are there out in the market . 

D:  Um <other> and we can interview current users and future users . What w what would they like to see uh on a new remote control ? Um especially for future users , 

A:  Um but have you any idea so far as what uh the user requirements are ? 

D:  No n not specifically . 

B:  <cough> I got some uh requirements 

B:  It has to be a small unit . 

B:  you can take it with you uh everywhere in in your house . 

B:  Uh and a and a good uh zapping range . <laugh> 

A:  I don't think I have anything more to add at the moment . 

A:  I think we can go ahead with what we have . 

C:  I'm just a bit wondering what we're gonna do the next uh session ? 

B:  Do we only have to to do uh phase one , the functional design uh ? 

A:  Y you do some individual work , 

C:  I mean , is it gonna be a multimedia control centre ? 

A:  I think that is the user requirements part . 

C:  But but we need good communication about this stuff , 

C:  So if I don't know what components to put in , it's kind of hard . 

B:  I I think we have first to start with the basic functions 

D:  like l li like some like some some remotes who are out there , which I know , there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices . 

C:  but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . 

C:  and then we can discuss it with the next uh meeting . 

A:  We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video . 

A:  so make sure it's extendible . Yeah . 

A:  and you can always extend that 

B:  it it has yeah it has to be user-friendly . 

A:  <other> Th the least amount of functions possible 

A:  and uh I'll see you again uh when the computer tells us to . 

A:  Let's see what we got to do . 

