B:  <other> Alright , yeah .  crack on  . Okay so we'll start off with a quick overview of the minutes . I think to sum up the last meeting , would be to say um the requirements that we've um set out . Those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on uh a small joystick , <other> L_C_D_ and a couple of other buttons for navigation um with power being I suppose one of the main single purpose buttons . Um we were also going to use  novelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck , the idea to try and separate us and also because of the minimal design um looks like we'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck . Um that pretty much sums up the last one . So we'll just crack on , um like to maybe start with the Industrial Designer if it's possible . Um uh the con today is the concep today . This uh meeting is the conceptual design phase and is um  
D:  <other> Uh uh okay . I'll just  
B:  Sorry about this .  . And is to cover things like um what the parts might be made of , um , can we uh outsource these from elsewhere , um will we have to construct any items ourselves ? 


D:  <other> Uh I have a presentation  I just saved it in the uh the folder . 
B:  Yeah , okay well I'll just uh I'll load it up then . Um <other> . Which one do y 
D:  Uh . 
B:  Oh , interface concept ? That's you . We've got trend watching , that's you . 
A:  Yeah , that's me . 
C:  Uh . 
D:  It's uh  Components design . 
B:  Components design . 
D:   . 
B:  Okay . 


D:  Alright . <cough> So  <other> Uh . 
B:  Okay , um should I go on , or go back ? 
C:  Okay . Okay , sure . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  Yeah i Um  <other> 
D:  Uh the previous slides just explain what's in the internal components of the uh remote control . If you go to the one before that uh so it just says what it does , translate the key press into an infra-red signal and this is received by the T_V_ . Uh the chip just needs to detect the signal or detect the key press and then uh it'll send it to the tr the amplifier . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  And uh then the next slide just shows how the uh copper wires uh interact with the buttons , the rubber buttons , uh to uh get sent to the chip . So that's just how the control works inside . Um we have to decide on what buttons we're gonna use .  . 
B:  Okay . Um .  . 


B:  Yeah , well will we move on to user interface , and  yeah ? Um sorry , as long as  were you ? Yeah . Okay . Um  and d d d interface concept . 
A:   . Mm . 
D:  Yep I'm finished . 
A:  Yep . Now I'm gonna have to work between the uh the slides and the uh 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> and the white board 'cause I actually I have some fairly concrete things this time . 


A:  Uh um I was given a an H_T_M_L_ file giving um various ideas from uh from other previous remote control designs , and pretty much decided to just dump them all . I wasn't very impressed by them and they didn't seem to re uh nothing I saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we're going for today . Um so what I ra rather than looking at other remotes , uh ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand . Um and try and f um and try and figure out a way of laying out the elements we've already decided on , um so that if r a if <other> so that the finger is e each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already . Um so uh next slide , if you please . Um and what we've basically decided on was the the um the joy uh the joystick , two function buttons and the L_C_D_ , just keep it paired down to the absolute minimum . 
A:  The um  
B:  Okay . 
A:  That's that's my idea . 
B:  <other> 
C:  Mm . 
B:  Excellent , right . 


B:  Um <other> uh . File open . 
C:  'Kay . <other> We go . 
B:  Trend watching . 
C:  <other> Okay . <other> 


C:  So um so my personal opinion ? 
B:  Okay . 
C:  And if we are gonna use spongy , we can say it's long lasting , you know it's damage resistant and stuff like that , so . So just to summarise , people want stuff that's cool , that's that looks like it's cool , and if it is cool then that's a bonus  doesn't have to be um people like fruit and veg . We can either go down that alley or stay totally away from it . People like spongy material . If we're gonna use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is , and how we can further promote that idea . And also , this was this year . So , things change all the time , every year you know they they always talk about this year , this is the new black . Well next year something else is gonna be the new black and we're stuck with last year's fruit and veg type stuff . 'Kay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . Okay . 
C:  That's me . 


B:  Well , um I would say that the most you could probably hope for is gaining a year's lead on most people anyway . You always have to bring out new designs , so if we can get next year then that's possibly a good place to start anyway . Um . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 


B:  Okay , this   just to give us a rough idea of what we're meant to be doing for the next stage . I'm pretty sure that you got that anyway . This is the conceptual one . Um . 
C:  Mm . 
B:  I think we've come up  I think we've covered everything we need to here . Um I think we've decided on what , you know , decided on standard items for most of um rubber and such , so we're now looking at the detailed design and what we need to be doing for the next meeting . Um  So for example , um I'll just start at the top , you've got yourself and the Industrial Designer gonna be working quite closely at this stage 'cause it'll be hard not to , obviously . Um looking from <laugh>  prototyping of some des description using clay . Um I suppose you'll be told a lot more about that as uh <other> progress . Um  


B:  The user interface design , They're kind of  it looks they're  the idea I've pushed forward so far is maybe more of a physical one there , whereas <other> possibly be more interested in maybe how the L_C_D_'s going to incorporate , do you think ? Or do you s perceive that most the design design decisions still need to be based on the physical layout ? 
A:  Mm . Um well I I think other than ge getting a sort of more aesthetically pleasing form for it , um mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are <other> are made , I would say . Um but then again , the um the menu structure to to a considerable extent that's gonna vary according to the model of television , and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate . So um and one of the nice things about having an L_C_D_ and a menu structure is that there is that flexibility to it . 
B:  Mm-hmm , that's very true . 


B:  <other> Um . Okay . Um got product evaluation as well . Um . 
C:  Yeah , you see I don't  some of these things kinda logically follow the others . How can  t product evaluation , doesn't that come after actually seen a product prototype . 
B:  <other> I I think we'd be  yeah , no , it'd be more a case of how do we envisage us performing the product evaluation once we have a model to test with . 
C:  Oh , that's the  okay , sure sure sure . 
B:  Um so it'd be a case of do you think that just bringing users in to have them test it out , uh maybe putting a certain number of products into the field in certain places which I suppose is quite similar . Or just kind of hitting the streets and you know saying this is a new remote control , what do you think of the look of it ? Um  
C:  Mm-hmm . Okay , sure . 


B:  Um you're gonna look at product evaluation . I'm I'd better start writing up a hell of a lot of crap . Um you're gonna look a bit more at the kind of the physical make up you say . Um looks like we're gonna need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay . <laugh> Uh we'll see how that goes . Um . 
A:  Yeah . <other> Are we going to be supplied with the clay is what I want to know . Where is the clay ? 
B:  <laugh> So um do  I think we've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting , would you say ? 
C:  <laugh> Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 


D:   
B:  Okay . And I think that says it all really . Right . See everybody in a half hour . 
C:  <other> I think so too . Sa 


