A:  So welcome back . 
A:  first . I want to say I'm the secretary , 
A:  so I make the minutes . 
A:  You find them in your  in the map in the From the group . 
A:  There's the minutes from the first meeting . 
A:  You'll find the next minutes also there . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting by explaining how to locate his minutes from the previous meeting.

A:  So first I wanna ask the  <sing-song pause filling noise> Industrial Designer to tell what he did . So  
C:  It's a little difficult what I'm gonna tell you . 
C:  It's about the working of the remote control . 
C:  I just had an half an hour j to study it 
C:  and <laugh> I don't get it . 
C:  First uh I will tell you something about the findings , 
C:  what I discovered about the remote control . 
C:  Uh then I'll have uh some kind of map , 
C:  and it's the top of the remote control . 
C:  The remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control uh inside . 
C:  Uh there's a lot of uh plastic on it , 
C:  um because its uh not so expensive . 
C:  And there are uh a lot of uh wires , 
C:  uh which um connect the components in it , 
C:  and there are um switches and things like that . 
C:  There's a lot of small uh electronics . 
C:  So it won't be um uh too expensive to build it . 
C:  Only twelve Euro fifty I think uh we will make it . 
C:  And here I have the top of the remote control . 
C:  Uh here's some kind of chip . 
C:  Uh on top of this , there are uh the numbers . 
C:  Uh you have all on your remote control . 
C:  And uh the teletext uh button . 
C:  And uh here's the battery . 
C:  And when you push the button , it will uh will be sent to the chip . 
C:  And the chip will um send it to all kind of sub-components . 
C:  My preferences ? 
C:  We shouldn't make it too big . 
C:  Uh also for the cost , uh we should only put one battery on it . 
C:  A long-lasting battery . 
C:  Uh also for the cost , uh use only plastic . 
C:  Also because of the cost , uh not too much buttons on it . 
C:  We can also make uh a button uh with a   menu uh button . 
C:  And then um that that you will see it on the T_V_ . 
C:  And the bleep signal , y uh you told us . 
C:  Uh but we can also use it uh a bleep like something , when the battery's empty , then there is a bleep . 
C:  And also the bleep , when  what I told you about uh when you lost it , 
C:  and you push a button , and then you hear bleep bleep , and we will find it . 
A:  The battery . 
A:  You say one battery is cheaper . 
C:  If we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light , then it will be cheaper than when we use two . 
A:  when you use two , you can use it two times longer . 
C:  then we'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting . 
A:  Okay and the buttons . 
A:  When you use it on the television , you've  you need the television , wh which can use it . 
C:  But uh I think this  our remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company ? 
C:  Or is it also for other company  uh for other televisions ? 
A:  I think we have to use it also on other televisions though . 
C:  Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions . 
A:  They are two different things though . 
A:  We have to choose one . 
A:  It has to work on o uh all televisions . 
C:  Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Industrial Designer briefly explained the internal workings of the remote,  and mentioned his preferences for power source and case material.

C:  And I just uh have one more idea . 
C:  But  Uh , to have a trendy remote control , we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones . To change covers . 
C:  So if you have uh a trendy half with all red , uh yellow and something . And then you can put a red cover on it . 
D:  Will this will this add to the cost ? 
C:  Uh then it won't be  uh will have just one cover on the uh original one . 
C:  And then you can buy the covers . 
D:  but you have to m uh be able to change it . 
D:  D does it make it more difficult to design ? 
C:  I think it will be a little more difficult , 
C:  but not too much . 
C:  Just like with the Nokia uh mobile phones . 
A:  Yeah but there are much more Nokia telephones than um these ones . 
C:  If it won't works then we'll get something else . 
C:  Then we uh won't g uh go further with it . 
A:  Yeah but are their profits bigger than their cost ? 
C:  Uh a p a  <laugh> a cover made in uh in China , it it won't be I guess so expensive I think . 
A:  Yeah but there are also design cost . 
A:  Would you change the cover ? 
C:  I wi I won't . 
C:  But maybe I think trendy people 
C:  or like children where you can paint on it , 
A:  I think that too less people would change it for good profit . So  
B:  I'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh  
B:  But it's uh yeah it's uh original idea . <laugh> 
A:  but I don't think we have to do it . 
abst_sum - abstract: He also suggested mobile phone-like changeable covers, and the group discussed the profit in this.

B:  Yes well uh uh I shall give a short talk about the the technical function design . 
B:  <other> Um I thought the the the technical function design was uh to uh  for a remote control to to to have some influence on the T_V_ set . 
B:  And uh well , it all by pushing a button on the remote . 
B:  Uh I find some uh some interesting quotes on the web . 
B:  Uh message to the television . 
B:  And uh and and and well basic uh operations like on and off , and uh switching channels , and uh  and maybe uh teletext or something like that . 
B:  well these are two uh remotes , 
B:  and that's our uh our dilemma I think . Uh  
B:  But uh shall we make a basic remote control , uh just uh swapping channels and volume and uh power button and well nothing much more . 
B:  Or uh uh more functions on the remote . 
B:  Uh maybe more devices you can influence . 
B:  Uh a radio or a v a video recorder , uh V_C_R_ . 
B:  Um any ideas about that ? 
B:  Basic or multifunctional ? 
A:  We'll got back on that later . 
B:  So uh I didn't know what uh what way we would go . 
abst_sum - abstract: The User Interface Designer very briefly mentioned some features a remote should have and suggested it should be multifunctional.

A:  Then it's your turn , the marketing expert . 
D:  So I'm uh gonna have a presentation about um the market , 
D:  Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons . 
D:  And we looked at uh several um things . 
D:  Uh among them design , 
D:  uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls . 
D:  Uh our users , they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls . 
D:  Um uh they especially found found them very ugly . 
D:  And um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it . 
D:  Uh well they also zap a lot . 
D:  And uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons . 
D:  So a lot of unused buttons . 
D:  Well uh the most used button is the channel selection . 
D:  The power , volume and channel selections are very relevant . 
D:  Uh teletext is uh less relevant but also important . 
D:  Uh not important they found the audio , 
D:  uh that's not the volume but uh specific the the pitch , or the left or right . 
D:  Uh the screen and the brightness . And uh channel settings . Uh th and they also are not used very often . 
D:  Uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups . 
D:  Then we have a few um graphs about the market . 
D:  Um as you can see , most users are uh between thirty six and forty five . 
D:  Um the the the younger group between sixteen and twenty five is not very big . 
D:  And to come back on the the swapping uh things , uh I don't think uh , I <other> I think the younger will be most interest in it . 
D:  Um in the  we asked them , uh how would you like a s a new feature . 
D:  If you have an L_C_D_ on the remote control , what would you think of it . 
D:  Now you can clearly see young users say  . I will  that would very nice . 
D:  And older user think uh they will be scared of change <laugh> I think . 
D:  And another thing , how would you like to have a speech recognition on it . 
D:  Young users uh think that's an interesting idea . 
D:  And old users not . 
D:  Uh well we uh found out that there are two  several markets at which we can aim . 
D:  Uh the first are the younger , 
D:  the age between sixteen and forty five . 
D:  Uh they are highly interested in the features , as you can see uh here . 
D:  Uh the second group is the older group . 
D:  Aged between forty six and sixty five . 
D:  They are less interested in uh new features . 
D:  But uh they spend their money more easily . 
D:  Well then I come to my uh personal preferences . 
D:  Uh yeah the first question is uh  also we have to ask is at the which market do we aim at . 
D:  Uh of course n uh saying we aim at the young group doesn't say that old people won't buy it . 
D:  What I thought , um even young people say it's hard to use , remote control . 
D:  So if you make a remote control that is uh very easy to use , that's especially aimed at this group , even uh the young group will also be more interested . 
D:  But when use it , uh I don't know what's uh good thing of speech recognition . 
D:  Uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control . 
D:  You can find most functions on a T_V_ set . 
D:  So uh you don't have to have a lot of audio options , or screen options to change the brightness . And such things . 
D:  One thing I did not say I think , is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one . 
D:  So the design of our remote control is very important . 
abst_sum - abstract: The Marketing Expert present the findings of the usability study.

C:  If we aim for the younger people , um and there will be uh a lot of features like L_C_D_ or the the the speech uh f recognising , uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher . 
C:  Uh I think we don't have that in our budget . 
B:  And I don't uh I don't think twenty five Euros for a remote is really cheap or something . 
B:  So it's  Yeah , it's hard to uh get the younger group . 
A:  I think uh the L_C_D_ is cheaper than speech recognition . 
A:  Uh we go   back on the decisions later . 
A:  So I think that can be an d good option . L_C_D_ . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group then discussed their target group ,and what features they might include to attract them.

A:  Now we have a few new product requirements . 
A:  First , teletext . 
A:  We have internet now so we don't need the teletext anymore . 
A:  So not necessary . 
A:  Only for the television . 
A:  So we don't look at the other things like the radio or something . 
A:  We look at the age group of forty plus . 
A:  Uh no , younger than forty . 
A:  Our corporate colour and slogan must be used . 
A:  So you can see it on our site . 
D:  I uh personally think uh teletext is a good option . 
A:  It's a  <laugh> new requirement . 
A:  Yeah but we don't use it . 
C:  No discussion about it . 
abst_sum - abstract: The manager introduced new requirements to the project, insisting they were to be followed.

A:  Now we have to decide what controls do we need . 
D:  Yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said . 
B:  Well a power button ? 
B:  Uh the well um I think separate channels . So  
B:  So so uh zero to nine or something . 
B:  Uh volume . 
C:  To move up , move down . 
D:  Do we make a menu ? 
A:  Uh yes 
D:  I think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . 
D:  Up-down for channel selection , 
D:  and left-right uh for volume . 
D:  And if you press the menu button you get into the menu , 
A:  On the L_C_D_ screen , you mean ? 
D:  Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_ . Or you get the menu on the L_C_D_ screen on the remote control . 
A:  Think it's better to have it on the remote control , 
C:  But then we come to the costs . 
D:  But well if you aim at the younger market , um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab , uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control . 
D:  So if we have a L_C_D_ sh uh screen , and uh not too many buttons , I think that will incre uh uh even when it's a bit more cost , it will still sell . 
A:  Is this enough ? 
B:  Mute . 
abst_sum - abstract: The group then discussed what buttons they might need, which included menu, numbers, channel and volume changing arrows and mute.

C:  And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like ? Or  
A:  that's for the next phase . 
A:  I think that's enough for the next phase . 
A:  Phase two is the conceptual design . 
abst_sum - action: The design of the remote control is to be carried out at the next meeting.

A:  Your individual action , you can find them in the email . 
abst_sum - action: Individual actions for the next meeeting can be found in emails to be sent.

B:  Uh the well um I think separate channels . So  
B:  So so uh zero to nine or something . 
B:  Uh volume . 
C:  To move up , move down . 
A:  Uh yes 
D:  Do we make a menu ? 
D:  I think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . 
D:  Up-down for channel selection , 
D:  and left-right uh for volume . 
D:  And if you press the menu button you get into the menu , 
B:  Mute . 
abst_sum - decisions: The buttons will consist of number, a menu button, arrows for changing channel and volume, but also navigating the menu, and a mute button.

None
abst_sum - problems: *NA*

