G:  yeah 
G:  Um , I have  I have a question about the uh , parallelization ? 
G:  So , um , let 's say I have like , a thousand little  little jobs to do ? 
G:  Um , how do I do it with " run command " ? 
G:  I mean do  
G:  Uh - huh . 
G:  A thousand times ? 
G:  OK . 
G:  Oh , 
G:  too much file transfer and stuff . 
G:  OK . 
G:  Just do P - make . 
G:  s 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Right . 
G:  OK . 
G:  You 're talking about your voicing ? 
G:  Um , nothing I wanna really talk about . 
G:  I can  I can just uh , um , share a little bit  
G:  Sunil hasn't  hasn't heard about uh , what I 've been doing . 
G:  Um , 
G:  so , 
G:  um , I told you I was  I was  I was getting prepared to take this qualifier exam . 
G:  So basically that 's just , um , trying to propose um , uh , your next your  your following years of  of your PHD work , 
G:  trying  trying to find a project to  to define and  and to work on . 
G:  So , I 've been , uh , looking into , um , doing something about r uh , speech recognition using acoustic events . 
G:  So , 
G:  um , the idea is you have all these  these different events , 
G:  for example voicing , 
G:  nasality , 
G:  R - coloring , 
G:  you know burst 
G:  or noise , uh , frication , 
G:  that kinda stuff , 
G:  um , building robust um , primary detectors for these acoustic events , 
G:  and using the outputs of these robust detectors to do speech recognition . 
G:  Um , 
G:  and , um , these  these primary detectors , um , will be , uh , inspired by , you know , multi - band techniques , um , doing things , um , similar to Larry Saul 's work on , uh , graphical models to  to detect these  these , uh , acoustic events . 
G:  And , um , so I  I been  I been thinking about that 
G:  and some of the issues that I 've been running into are , um , exactly what  what kind of acoustic events I need , 
G:  what  um , what acoustic events will provide a  a good enough coverage to  in order to do the later recognition steps . 
G:  And , also , um , once I decide a set of acoustic events , um , h how do I  how do I get labels ? 
G:  Training data for  for these acoustic events . 
G:  And , then later on down the line , I can start playing with the  the models themselves , 
G:  the  the primary detectors . 
G:  Um , 
G:  so , 
G:  um , I kinda see  like , after  after building the primary detectors I see um , myself taking the outputs and feeding them in , sorta tandem style into  into a um , Gaussian mixtures HMM back - end , um , and doing recognition . 
G:  Um . 
G:  So , that 's  that 's just generally what I 've been looking at . 
G:  Um , 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Um , 
G:  were  were you gonna say something ? 
G:  Oh . 
G:  It looked  
G:  OK , 
G:  never mind . 
G:  Um , yeah . 
G:  And so , this  this past week um , I 've been uh , looking a little bit into uh , TRAPS um , and doing  doing TRAPS on  on these e events too , 
G:  just , um , seeing  seeing if that 's possible . 
G:  Uh , 
G:  and 
G:  um , other than that , uh , I was kicked out of I - house for living there for four years . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Uh , well , s s som something like that . 
G:  In Albany , 
G:  yeah . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And uh . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  That 's it . 
G:  Oh . 
G:  Thirty - first . 
G:  Oh r 
G:  oh . 
G:  Oh no , no . 
G:  My  my cardboard box is actually a nice spacious two bedroom apartment . 
G:  yeah 
