D:  OK , we are going off . 
D:  Or , I like it , also , like this . 
D:  So you see the  
D:  So . 
D:  I should have brought more  
D:  I have a  couple things about speaker form  
D:  about forms in general . 
D:  Stuff . 
D:  OK . 
D:  I uh  probably should have printed out more of these . 
D:  So one of the things that I 've been doing with the digits forms is I 've been adding more and more speaker specific information to them 
D:  and it 's getting pretty crowded and you have to fill it out each time . 
D:  So , what I thought was , it would be nice to have a single speaker form that you fill out once . 
D:  And then , on the digits form you just have to put your name down and you can look it up from the speaker form . 
D:  so , I had a first pass of it , 
D:  and I  spoke with Jane a bit about how to specify what language and education and that sort of stuff 
D:  and so I have a first pass at it . 
D:  And I was uh just wondering if people had any comments on information that should or shouldn't be on it . 
D:  And I  only did one copy which was really stupid of me . 
D:  um So I 'll just sort of say what it 's on and then I can hand it around . 
D:  So the top of it is  uh , Name , Sex Email or Other Contact Information . 
D:  And I put the contact information just in case we have people with the same name , so that you can distinguish them , 
D:  and then also just to have a separate contact from the consent form . 
D:  And then , uh , we talked a little bit about whether to do  how we get at the background . 
D:  And we could do profession , but it 's so uniform that we figured what was more important was  actually the education level . 
D:  um At least that would get at some idea of their background . 
D:  So I have a  And s 
D:  and relevant to status . 
D:  So that  what I have is uh 
D:  So  uh , I have uh , five things that you can circle , 
D:  Undergrad , Grad , Post - doc , Professor , and then Other , with a colon and a place where you can fill in if there 's some Other . 
D:  So I think the problem with that is that there 's not a necessarily easy equivalent for our visitors , who are  not used to the  US education levels . 
D:  and  may need some  help to translate what that means . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well , the problem with that is um , I think the same as the problem of profession . 
D:  That it  it will be  there will be a tendency all  for everyone to put down " speech researcher " or  or something at that granularity . 
D:  So I don't think there 's a problem asking the education level , I th At least I don't feel like there is . 
D:  um I think the only question is whether the  what categories should there be . 
D:  Less . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , one of the  one of the criteria I had for designing this form , is that I didn't want a separate instruction sheet . 
D:  And so we 'll get to that in a moment when we talk about language also . 
D:  Is I did not want to have to , you know come down and quiz each person and have a uh social dynamics expert being the one who 's filling out the answers . 
D:  I want it to be self - evaluating . 
D:  You can give it to them and they can understand what you 're asking . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  That 's a separate question . 
D:  So , we 'll  We 'll get to that in a moment . 
D:  And this particular form  
D:  I know . 
D:  So , this particular form is speaker  is dependent only on the speaker , 
D:  not on the meeting . 
D:  You could imagine then having another form <inbreath> that you might want to do during a meeting to get out the relationships  
D:  But then that 's interfering with the meeting . 
D:  So , what I like about this information is you give it to them once , and they fill it out once , 
D:  and  and then you have that information . 
D:  Not at all . 
D:  I mean , the fact that one person 's an undergrad and the other 's a full professor is interesting . 
D:  So , the question is how much of this information um , can y 
D:  Well , absolutely ! 
D:  But  but you want to have that information . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  So , if you don't have that information , how are you gonna do anything ? 
D:  I mean , so what would you suggest ? 
D:  Undergrad , Grad , Post - doc , Professor , Other 
D:  oh , that 's right , 
D:  you know I was saying " Professor " . 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  Yeah , when I said " Professor " , I guess what I was thinking in my mind was more " PHD but not Post - doc " . 
D:  and  Or maybe Post - doc  change " Post - doc " to " PHD " ? 
D:  Because I think PHD and Professor are d are distinct 
D:  aren't they ? 
D:  Someone who has a PHD . 
D:  So , maybe Undergrad , Grad , Post - PHD and Other ? 
D:  um , other  
D:  If i Instead of   instead of   instead of Professor or instead of Post - doc ? 
D:  So , as I said Undergrad  
D:  Undergrad , Grad , Post - PHD , Professor , Other ? 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , the whole reason that I 'm doing it this way is  is uh  my experience so far has been the exact reverse . 
D:  That  
D:  Right . 
D:  I guess we could have another type of form  for less frequent . 
D:  Well I think that if  if we 're planning to do that , then we should probably have another set of forms . 
D:  You know , a single form that 's the consent form and the speaker information form and not have them do digits . 
D:  This is a topic I want to bring up  after I get through this . 
D:  So , that  that  that 's another form that I want to discuss . um , with the digits forms . 
D:  So , s can we get  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  That 's what I want to talk about in a  
D:  Yeah , I 'm  I have that as a topic , also . 
D:  So , let 's finish with the speaker form  speaker form and then we 'll get over  o get over to that one . 
D:  So , Education Level , Undergrad , Grad , Post - PHD , Professor , Other . 
D:  OK ? 
D:  um and then I put " Optional " with a big " Optional " in parentheses , Age . 
D:  Because I think a lot of people are sensitive to it and won't want to write it down . 
D:  So I don't want to make them feel like they have to . 
D:  Uh , sure . But if someone doesn't want to write it down I don't want them to say you can't record me  
D:  Well , I think that just having on the form  saying Optional , Age , again means I don't have to be sitting here and explaining the form every time we do this . 
D:  And having a little instruction sheet and say " If you 're in this age range do this , and if you 're in this rage do that . " 
D:  So . 
D:  Yeah , right . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well , I think maybe that 's because no one here is sensitive about their age . 
D:  But , I would rather let them leave it blank than lie . 
D:  So that 's why I want to put  That 's why I want to put s " Optional , Age " , 
D:  so that if they don't want to put it , they leave it blank . 
D:  But if you put " Optional " , won't they just leave it blank rather than lie ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  You don't think they 'd just leave it blank if it says  has a big " Optional " right next to it ? 
D:  It  It  I think it 's better to put " Optional " . 
D:  I mean , that 's why I put it there , s 
D:  but it seems like  maybe you disagree . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Well I didn't mark anything else as specifically optional , 
D:  So . 
D:  Um , and then the next are two sections 
D:  One indented separately . 
D:  So , one 's for native English speakers and one for non - native English speakers . 
D:  OK , so for the native English speaker it asks for a variety of English with three circle boxes 
D:  American , British , Indian and Other , for write - in . 
D:  Yep . Jane and I discussed this , and it was  it was again the same problem 
D:  that  it 's gonna be a self - evaluation anyway , 
D:  and so I don't want to have to be standing over the person and asking them " Well , do you mean that your native an l an language was British when you were born , and then it changed to American when you were two , and then it changed to  " and so on . 
D:  Right . 
D:  I mean ,  th there 's room on the form to put al a a line of instruction , but I 'm just not sure what it re should really be . 
D:  So the  the  for  the non - na for the native English speakers we have Variety of English and Region . 
D:  And that 's it . 
D:  And then  we have another form later down which is um , list other language influences . 
D:  Right , neither would I . 
D:  Um ,  I don't think we can do that because it would be different for  
D:  If you 're American English it would be region of the US . 
D:  That  that  so that 's why I didn't have circle forms . 
D:  Because it would be different depending on what your language is . 
D:  So  
D:  It - I think it would be however you would identify your own . 
D:  And , as I said I don't really see a way of doing a circle fill in , because there would be  there would have to be one for American English , one for British English , one for you know , one for each type . 
D:  But  but  that would mean I would have to do  generate a different form for circles , if you 're American English or British English or Indian English . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yeah , I just don't know what to do about the other varieties of English . 
D:  Well , that 's why I wanted to just leave it something that you could write it down . 
D:  Well , there could be a circle one . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  So , you could say  " What region did you grow up in from these years ? " 
D:  and have a set of circ of six or seven circles  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  What language was spoken in the home ? 
D:  Depends of who you ask , what the age range is . 
D:  Yeah , so this is why I  
D:  So  so th 
D:  Well , the way it 's phrased right now , it 's clearly asking about language . 
D:  And so , what it 's trying to get at is what you think you speak . 
D:  Now , I think that the point is well taken that sometimes people are wrong about what they think they speak . 
D:  But , other than having a trained linguist interview them  and ask these very specific questions , I don't see a way around it . 
D:  Because as you said , what you 're gonna have to stay  say is " Well , list the languages that your parents spoke when you were in home and how good they were at it and how long they spoke it , 
D:  and now list the ones in preschool 
D:  and now list the ones in first grade 
D:  and now list the ones your friends speak  " 
D:  Right . 
D:  So I want to try to keep the complexity so someone can fill out this form at the beginning of a meeting without taking f uh forty - five minutes . 
D:  So I think that adding the  the TIMIT categories is a good idea , 
D:  because that 's very easy for a person to fill out . 
D:  But I think we still have this problem of is it gonna be a self - evaluation ? 
D:  or are we gonna ask them " what was it when you were four years old , or what was it when you were six years old , or what wher " w 
D:  What 's the best way of phrasing the question ? 
D:  Or adapta or adaptation . 
D:  Well maybe should we just  
D:  Then maybe we shouldn't  just shouldn't ask . 
D:  Well , maybe for the native English speakers we shouldn't even ask the region if it 's that unreliable . 
D:  The other thing also is that I 'm asking for the variety of English , and I did just put American , British , Indian and other . 
D:  So , I didn't put Canadian , Australian , and all the other varieties . 
D:  e But do you think those three are OK ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  So that for the Eng - native English speakers , we 'll do variety of English , regions from the TIMIT labels , and another field . 
D:  And then 
D:  I thought this was  be fast . 
D:  Air conditioning . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right , the way  the way the form reads now , I think it 's pretty clear that 's what we 're asking  cuz it says " Native English speakers , Variety of English , American , British , Indian , Other , Region " . 
D:  And then we 'll have Southern English , you know , whatever  whatever the TIMIT categories are . 
D:  So I think i if you  look at this fr 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right , so I  it seems to me that  if you read this form , i w it 's pretty obvious that it 's a subcategory of the language  that you think you speak , 
D:  not where you live . 
D:  I mean , I don't say anything about where you live on the form . 
D:  So it 's just in the section talking about language . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And then uh , as Jane said , the last question is " List other language influences , bilingual dialects , et cetera . " 
D:  And that 's just and open - ended place for them to  do . 
D:  And then  
D:  And then the bottom of the form is for  not for them to fill out , but for us to fill out , for um the aliases and database  speaker database that the person is in , since we 'll eventually anonymize 
D:  and this will be a form a place for us to connect the two . 
D:  And then the meetings that they attended , 
D:  because there 'll be one form for each person . 
D:  OK . So . 
D:  Yeah , I guess I 'll fiddle around yet again with the language stuff . 
D:  Right . 
D:  So , there 's another area which is non - native English speakers which asks for Native language , Region , and Variety of English . 
D:  And that 's it . 
D:  Proficiency . 
D:  That 's a good idea . 
D:  Well , do you think that 's  That 's also because they know that it 's a re important for them to be good at it . 
D:  So , don't  don't you think they overrate rather than underrate ? 
D:  So , but 
D:  no , I think proficiency is actually a good thing to have on this sort of form . 
D:  The  the question are  what are  what would the categories be ? 
D:  Yeah , I 'm  I don't know . 
D:  Being totally monolingual , I 'm not the right person to ask , to talk about this 
D:  but it just seems to me that that doesn't  the length of time doesn't really get at what we 're asking . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  It seems to be that asking about the proficiency , even if it 's self - rated , is what we wanna know . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  With that form . 
D:  Shall we wait for other forms later , or you  Keep going more form  
D:  Uh , the other form is a modified digits form . 
D:  uh and  it 's pretty sim this one 's pretty simple , 
D:  it 's  it 's very much what like the digits forms in front of us , except it doesn't ha ask for sex or native language . 
D:  Um , so it 's Name , Email , Time , Date , Seat , Session , Mike number , Channel , Mike type . 
D:  Uh , in case people have the same name . 
D:  So I wanted  
D:  Have the same name . 
D:  Yeah , I 'm particularly sensitive to this cuz a good friend of mine in S in Seattle was named Scott Smith and there were fourteen of them in  at Boeing . 
D:  So  We could drop email . 
D:  I mean that 's not a big deal , 
D:  it 's just uh  
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , the other way I was thinking about it was assigning them an ID 
D:  but I hate it when people do that to me , 
D:  when they say , here 's you ID , 
D:  don't forget it . 
D:  So , I  I wanted just something that would give us a hint of  who the person is if the name field isn't readable or it 's a duplicate . 
D:  Your mother 's maiden name  mother 's maiden name 
D:  social security number , 
D:  So , although the email  email will change , I think that 's a good way of doing it . 
D:  We 'll be able to backtrack from email . 
D:  Um , and then the other thing I was thinking about and it probably wouldn't be on the digits form , 
D:  but it  it is something that some form about the individual meeting . 
D:  Now , the problem I have with that is I don't know who would be filling it out . 
D:  Just to pick up an arbitrary an  example . 
D:  Right . 
D:  So th so the sorts of questions I had were one Who 's gonna fill it out , and who 's gonna take responsibility for filling it out  in each meeting , 
D:  I mean , will we re will we require it . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  And that was my other question , which is  um  what sort of information do we want to record ? 
D:  I mean , so I think pairwise relationships are pretty easy . 
D:  You know , source , destination , relation . 
D:  Are there other sorts of things that might  we might want to record ? 
D:  Right . 
D:  I think that fits in well with the whole meeting map  mapping meetings concept is that 's another way of looking at  looking at it . 
D:  So , are there anything other than pairwise ? 
D:  Oh yeah , OK . 
D:  Yes , shirt  certainly . 
D:  I 've been thi I  it seems to be that there is  We could attach more structure if we wanted to . 
D:  Especially because a lot of these relationships are pairwise power relationships . 
D:  Um , just as an example , it would be , " Source , Adam Janin " , " Destination , Morgan " , " Relationship , Advisor " . 
D:  that are relevant . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Right , so my example was not a good one , because that 's  
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , it 's just cuz it 's my turn . 
D:  Well , the D T Ds mean we can do whatever  however we want it . 
D:  But what I  what I was thinking uh  the reason that I didn't want to make it completely open - ended is that it does seems like there is some structure which is common . 
D:  Especially with these pairwise ones , where you can describe them and pairwise . 
D:  And you might want a tool that used that information . 
D:  Sure , absolutely . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right  Well I think   being  being in a common organization was one I hadn't thought of , that  
D:  So you 're football league was a good one . 
D:  So the ones I 've been thinking of are all sort of uh , power , responsibility . 
D:  I guess husband - wife is yet another one . 
D:  Ach ! 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Some more . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Nope . 
D:  Yeah , so what I have right now is all pairwise , 
D:  so that 's probably not sufficient . 
D:  Yeah , maybe not . 
D:  Yep . OK . 
D:  Well , I think that in a lot of the meetings people won't be filling this out anyway . 
D:  So really what I want to have is a place that if a researcher wants that information , they can add it . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  So it  We can regenerate a lot of this information . 
D:  But  Even if we can't , generate it , I think it 's alright to have some of the sections in your database blank , that this information was not collected for this meeting . 
D:  And there 's just not gonna be a way around that . 
D:  That 's just gonna happen 
D:  like the N S A meeting , the networks meeting . 
D:  I don't think they 're gonna want to fill out that information . 
D:  So . 
D:  OK , enough on forms . 
D:  They haven't received them yet , 
D:  but I did get a response from them saying " Yes we 're still alive , 
D:  we haven't done anything yet . " basically . 
D:  And uh  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So  so , they 've transferred the responsibility to someone else . 
D:  I  can't remember his name McCoond ? 
D:  McCoond ? 
D:  Something like that , 
D:  but uh  
D:  And so he sent me email and said he 's gonna be starting to work on it , 
D:  and I haven't received anything else . 
D:  So . 
D:  So tomorrow I 'll send a email and just ask if he received it , 
D:  he should be getting it today . 
D:  Actually he should have gotten it yesterday . 
D:  But . Give him a day . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  And  <laugh> <inbreath> <inbreath> And  And did  is this from the mixed signal ? 
D:  OK , so there is some normalization already , in that they 've been volume equalized uh over the entire signal . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , but the mixed signal already has a normalization in it . 
D:  Well , I think it 'll be worse , 
D:  right , 
D:  I think the mixed  
D:  Or window it  
D:  hamming window . 
D:  Huh . 
D:  Right . 
D:  And he has on his graph something like forty percent . 
D:  It looked like fifty percent or more are point two seconds or longer overlap 
D:  It 's li I think the last page . 
D:  Nope , not the last page . 
D:  Where was it ? 
D:  It was one of the tables . 
D:  Fifth page . 
D:  Oh , it 's seventy - five percent ! 
D:  Um  And  the length  
D:  It seems like with the overlaps being fairly long , that should make it easier . 
D:  That r that was an interesting statistic . 
D:  That they 're much longer than I expected . 
D:  Ninety percent of them are over two m two hundred milliseconds . 
D:  It is good , 
D:  but it 's uh  but it surprised me . 
D:  Yes . 
D:  For example . 
D:  Two hundred milliseconds , hamming window . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  Did you typecast to long ? 
D:  or size - T or whatever it is ? 
D:  I don't remember what it is . 
D:  One of the problems , if the file is large , um , and you 're cast to the wrong type . 
D:  Right , if you 're sending at  an integer instead of a long . 
D:  Typecast from integer , " int " INT or  long or unsigned long . 
D:  I think it 's  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well , It 's one possibility . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Shall we do digits ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  Are we done ? 
D:  Yes , OK . 
D:  OK , we are going off . 
