F:  OK . 
F:  And there is a problem that you can hear it come and go , 
F:  cuz when you turn your head , then  you drift away from the microphone . 
F:  Yes . 
F:  That 's it . 
F:  Well  and it 's also relevant to status . 
F:  I c I can insert that . 
F:  Which might in af affect the discourse aspects . 
F:  So , go ahead . 
F:  His  
F:  Uh - huh . Yeah . 
F:  Categories . 
F:  Oh  I think undergrad  is useful . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I think that  
F:  so Uh  did  are  were you suggesting that it should be more fine grained than this ? 
F:  Less ? 
F:  What would you suggest as a  as a change ? 
F:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
F:  I do , and the reason is because I think that um , well having been a grad  student as , yeah , a as others here , at  at Berkeley , that , um , I think there 's almost like a quantum leap from undergrad to grad in terms of like the status . 
F:  I mean , I mean you notice it in various ways , like simply  trying to meet with a professor during office hours . 
F:  You know , in  in my department it was always the case grad students had a huge  amount of different priority , 
F:  and were treated as equals , g and  and help helpers , you know , in  in research , uh uh c uh  roles and things that they  that they  
F:  In terms of like the s the social dynamics of interactions , I would expect them to be less deferent . 
F:  and  um maybe  less assertive of their own views and things like that . 
F:  I don't  think that we 're going to have a lot of undergrads , 
F:  unless we  branch out to different types of meetings , but  
F:  This is the dimension . 
F:  Well , this is the dimension . 
F:  Yeah , but  One  one dimension . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  And it 's non - threatening , 
F:  I mean , this  this compared to , you know , wh exactly what level of professorship , and  <laugh> and  
F:  Well , I agree with him , though . 
F:  I  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But I  I agree that this is that w the rea the motivation was things that could affect social dynamics in ways that are relevant to the research without being threatening to the person . 
F:  well , and we  also discussed the idea of having the separate D T Ds would handle maybe , s specific  meeting - specific things that might be relevant . 
F:  uh , the data , so that , 
F:  you know , his XML thing ? 
F:  You got the Data Type Definition  the Document Type Definition p part that it 's  can s be used for relational things , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  Where 'd  This is just  Well , you know , we 're  we 're talking at  at a general level of description . 
F:  You can always get more specific . 
F:  And , it may be  
F:  So , change  Would we change " Post - doc " to  " Post - PHD Researcher " ? 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  That 's true . 
F:  It 's just to allow . 
F:  It could be st It could be  That 's true . 
F:  Well , one thing , so you understand he  he d he wants you to do this only once for each person ? 
F:  OK , OK . 
F:  So . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well it  
F:  In  in like the London - Lund  they  they  the researchers themselves estimate the age afterw after the fact . 
F:  So they say , you know , uh middle thirties , you know  fifties or sixties , 
F:  and they  and they just  they estimate for the person But  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  And it isn't  it isn't that boldf 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  And it 's  and it isn't really that prominent . 
F:  It 's  you know his " Optional " is not really boldface , but  
F:  Please , please ! 
F:  Actually , " approximate " ? 
F:  That 's right . 
F:  Well , the thing abou the reason , uh , one reason for putting " Optional " might be if  it  uh , made the form seem gentler and k and not as intrusive kind of thing . 
F:  Yeah , I noticed , I was afraid you 'd  I  shouldn't say that . 
F:  They uh  that , you know , i if you say " Optional " then it 's sort of  
F:  if people who  get nervous about the age question then they realize that " Oh well , but they 're not trying to  ask me lots of  things . " 
F:  I like it . 
F:  I think it 's softening . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Let 's see . 
F:  That 's the only other one . 
F:  That 's the only one . 
F:  Well also , you  you  you  he has a sep separate subject for Region . 
F:  and so it 's a self - assessment of what you think your closest variety is of English . 
F:  And then following that , a characterization of  of region . 
F:  Now , we discussed maybe indicating a t a time frame . 
F:  So , " Where did you live during your ,  you know , childhood and adolescence ? " 
F:  which would be  
F:  Yes . Mm - hmm . 
F:  Although you know I mean a lot of people there won't be , e much difference , 
F:  but  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  And that 's partly to pick up  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  S Mm - hmm 
F:  Well , we  When we  when we discussed it it was  it was where  where you lived during your childhood and adolescence . 
F:  Well  It 's  W it 's where you lived . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well , and also  
F:  Well  
F:  I haven't seen what  what they did in TIMIT . 
F:  Are you s Do they have a bunch of options like uh  
F:  I see . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Well , that 's the concept , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  Well  
F:  That 's right . 
F:  Well that  you know that was the concept of having the region thing , 
F:  I  It would be no problem to change it to options if um  if that were desirable . 
F:  Although for different 
F:  Well , that 's true . 
F:  I mean , Indian English I wouldn't know f 
F:  what 
F:  That is kind of nice . 
F:  That was the concept of region . 
F:  and  It 's just the wording of it . 
F:  I guess there 's a 
F:  There is another problem . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Or someone could in Geor - in  in New York and have , I mean , any number of different types of  speech patterns . 
F:  Well , we have this  We hafta  
F:  So . He hasn't given you the overview , 
F:  but you have , like , the Native Speaker category , the Non - native Speaker  category , 
F:  and then you have Other Language Influences , for example bilingual dialects , th things like that . 
F:  Now there 's this issue of not wa like you 're saying , you don't want the forms to be hugely complicated and take half the meeting to complete . 
F:  So , it 's trying to  e there 's this  trying to  trying to hold this balance between the amount of information needed 
F:  and uh , you know , not taking too much meeting time , 
F:  and then in addition , add to it the third level of the balance , uh , um this  this issue of not being too intrusive , asking in a way that they don't mind . 
F:  Well , I think rea I think that we need to remember that we have  First of all , it 's not all free form . 
F:  We have several  categories that are specifically constrained , 
F:  And in terms of the  more open ones , we have the  we 're in the enviable position of having the contact information and also knowing most of the people who will be participating in the meeting data . 
F:  We can find it  We can resolve certain issues later , if  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  That 's it . 
F:  Well - Isn't it  I mean , I think  that  we 're going a little bit in a circle , because I like the TIMIT suggestion very much , 
F:  and I think it 's a question of how to ge incorporate it , 
F:  and  and we 've already suggested  I mean , it 's come up in this discussion , that  the suggestion that we could have  um the TIMIT categories for the American , 
F:  and  and then make the choice  or not , as to whether we do it for British , 
F:  I mean , w we sort of discussed one way or the other , 
F:  and it doesn't matter to me . 
F:  I don't know if  Adam has  has a preference , 
F:  but we could have  you know , a sub a sub - categorization for American , 
F:  We could even use the TIMIT subcategorization . 
F:  I don't know if it has one for British , or whatever , 
F:  But you know , just have it  you know , a short simple form that you can categorize yourself in a  in a systematic way . 
F:  It 's a good idea . 
F:  And the peers . 
F:  That 's one part though . 
F:  Well ,  It 's  that 's not a problem though , 
F:  I mean . That would be a good question to ask , 
F:  and then you could add a question . 
F:  You know , would  uh " among your peers " . 
F:  You know . 
F:  Specify the age range . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
F:  and we 're  
F:  and then we  like I said , we have the enviable benefit of knowing most of these people . 
F:  and being able to ask them follow - ups if we need to . 
F:  For now . 
F:  That 's true . 
F:  Washington and stuff , yeah . 
F:  That 's true . 
F:  Well , it 's  
F:  Well , I  you know , I w I was thinking of it as  e 
F:  that 's a good point , 
F:  but I was thinking uh , you know , with reference to the  language model issue , which uh 
F:  and I guess it could be done inductively , 
F:  but if you have a bunch of , say , R - less dialects and uh you know , if they  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  But you have a lot of stratification in  any region . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well that 's what the  final  the fin the third category was designed to do , 
F:  because  I mean , you have a bunch of different types of accents in New York 
F:  You know . 
F:  Native - speaking New Yorkers , as a  as a function of their social uh groups and their ethnic identifications and their  You know . 
F:  There are lots of things that are very identifiable as  um  you know , other  other aspects , which is why we have this third category . 
F:  So we wanted to  certainly distinguish American versus British , and other types at that level , 
F:  and then allow people to self - identify if there are other specific things , 
F:  and then in addition , this issue of regions with  some sort of time frame for the re region because I think that if you live  in Massachusetts now versus you know , in childhood and as adolescence  
F:  So if you lis if  if you  
F:  You know . 
F:  So , region with respect to a time frame is what I would suggest . 
F:  " Where did you live ? " 
F:  I mean . What you said . 
F:  you know , " where  where  wh where did you live ? " , 
F:  or uh , what you were saying , " Languages in the home " . 
F:  But I think that uh a time frame on the region would be useful 
F:  instead of  " Region now " , say . It 's a little bit  unbounded . 
F:  well , you know , there 's this issue of  of what age is relevant for the formation of your speech patterns , whatever they are . 
F:  And  Oh , that 's interesting . 
F:  Oh that 's interesting . 
F:  from five to  fifteen or something , is a  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well I  I g 
F:  OK . 
F:  I don't think it was ever the intent to  talk about the region now , 
F:  because 
F:  It 's  It 's a sub - categorization . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  That 's to handle that unusual percent  or two . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  It 's very efficient . 
F:  Well , you  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well , y you didn't really talk about the non - English speaker categories . 
F:  Because it used to be that Germans would learn British English , and now I think there 's , you know , is a certain percentage of them who  who 've @ @ to tend toward American English . 
F:  That 's hard though , for self - identification  
F:  I agree . 
F:  Well , <inbreath> e <outbreath> <inbreath> I 'd  
F:  I 'd have to  I  I 'd wanna relate it back to training . 
F:  " How many years did you study English " , 
F:  or , you know , " have you lived in the America  in a c an English country before " . 
F:  But it seems like that 's so  
F:  I mean , I think that you know , if a person who  
F:  That 'd be OK . 
F:  Yeah , I like that . 
F:  I like that . 
F:  That 's  that 's non - threatening , and it 's also an i a good indicator . 
F:  And there are people who  haven't ever lived in an English speaking country and who are superb . 
F:  However , um , that 's  you know I do think it 's a pretty good indicator . 
F:  That 's true too . 
F:  Or even , you know , I mean , some people who just don't change much in their  
F:  Except that you have some many biasing factors , 
F:  you have  you have people who are highly confident when they really  should be a little bit less confident , 
F:  and then you have ,  uh  other people who are just the reverse , and  and it  
F:  so many things that vary  I  
F:  And also we wanna keep it simple and non - evaluative . 
F:  Why do we need that much information , 
F:  why do we need the email address , for example ? 
F:  Oh , I see . 
F:  How often would that happen ? 
F:  I see . 
F:  So the only  so  
F:  Well , it 's an  it 's an interesting identifier , I  I  now that I realize the und the reason for it . 
F:  The  That 's true too . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  That 's interesting . 
F:  Good idea . 
F:  It 's the age question again . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
F:  And a bank where you frequent . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I like that . 
F:  I never thought of that as an identifier . 
F:  That makes sense . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well , that I think , someone internal to the meeting could do after the fact . 
F:  And this would  and  and we discussed this , 
F:  this is with reference to like the DTD , 
F:  what you would put in the DTD that 's meeting - specific . 
F:  So . And it could be something like , " oh by the way , the guy giving the presentation today is the student of the professor who you know , 
F:  whatever " . 
F:  So , speaker A is his professor and they  and he 's preparing for his quals or some such thing like that . 
F:  Or it could be you know , " so - and - so and so - and - so are married " . 
F:  We  this wouldn't be relevant all the time 
F:  but you know , if there 's a big discussion on  you know , the  the  um , best way to move house , then  and these people are talking a whole lot , then it might be interesting information to say oh by the way they 're married , or  
F:  I  I don't mean , uh , you know . 
F:  I would tend to leave that e spontaneous , 
F:  I think that e at the stage of uh Uh , sc scanning the  transcripts after they 've been produced by  by our   by IBM , At that point , I think that some of these dynamics will appear to be important , 
F:  and you could  you could spend a lot of time enumerating all the different relationships that people have . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well , I ju I was just thinking , with reference to uh , things that have  that bear on the content or the status relations , would be the things  
F:  Without being exhaustive , by any means , 
F:  but just like I said , if there 's a k a certain topic that comes up in the meeting , and   that knowing their relationship will clarify it , or  if there 's a certain dynamic that comes up  
F:  So , I mean , a person is asked a whole bunch of questions , more than you 'd usually think they 'd be asked , 
F:  and it turns out it 's because he 's being prepared for a job interview or something like that , then it 's useful to know that  that relationship . 
F:  But , not to be exhaustive . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Oh , well yeah , you could have people who are all part of the same football league , or  uh or chess club , or  
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Well , realize , w this was  the idea was that this would be meeting specific . 
F:  Otherwise , they would  it would be possible to have a higher level thing . 
F:  That 's true . That 's true . 
F:  Well , the there 's  @ @ I mean . 
F:  I  g you  You 're the expert on the D T 
F:  but  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Well  
F:  And so , you know , in discourse  analysis you get things like @ @ the role . 
F:  You have  you have a role in relationships and it has to do with your negotiating your  how you 're perceived and how y and how the other @ @  
F:  You know , and so there are various things you negotiate . 
F:  And  I 'm  I 'm wondering if we might be able to do it s in sort of a loose way , but e with  by having a searchable field like " role " 
F:  and then you know " within this context this person has the following roles " , and it could be very loose , 
F:  but then it would be possible to do something as simple as a grep across a database 
F:  and if you 're interested in you know which  which  which ones this person serves as an advisor in and versus you know a l uh s uh whatever , a leader , speaker , whatever ,  you could just grep for " role " and  and you know , some  some particular value . 
F:  And  
F:  Interesting . Good . 
F:  And systematize also maybe the encoding of it if  as we find some are useful and some are not so useful . 
F:  I think you don't need to have that much structure built in , and that would be less time - consuming to do it this way first , and then find out what structure 's needed . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Oh . 
F:  What about doing it with just the single channels ? 
F:  What about , 
F:  uh 
F:  Well , I  I 'm thinking  so they 're raising the question about the fact that if you use the mixed signal , there 's already been a  
F:  I  I 'm wo 
F:  Exactly . 
F:  So what I 'm wondering is what about doing some of this with the single channel recordings . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  That 'll also lessen the  standard deviation . 
F:  Pitch . 
F:  I 'm wondering about um if there  
F:  I suppose this is still just that one  that one data sample , 
F:  right , 
F:  that one meeting ? 
F:  But it seems like to have  it  it seems like a very hard test to have it be looking at the energy of all the speakers combined rather than taking s you know , maybe two extreme speakers out of the mix and seeing if if it 's promising with respect to  that type of analysis . 
F:  If you take like a target speaker , and  maybe 
F:  well , I mean , if there 's enough data , maybe two  
F:  two target speakers 
F:  and then compare that to the mixture of all the speakers . 
F:  That 's hard . 
F:  OK . 
F:  That 's true . 
F:  That 's complicated . 
F:  Ah , that 's interesting , 
F:  and it didn't give you good error messages . 
F:  Huh . 
F:  Oh , digits . 
F:  OK . 
