B:  Yep . 
B:  OK Yeah . 
B:  OK  so  let 's uh 
B:  Let 's discuss agenda items . 
B:  What did we have ? 
B:  uh  You  you were announce some things 
B:  OK , forms  is one thing 
B:  uh , there 's status on  on the uh <breathing> transcription discussion   which will take us about thirty seconds 
B:  uh  and then uh Jose  as usual  uh , the one among us who 's actually doing a bunch of things on this 
B:  uh He has  this and I think we can have some  
B:  I was just glancing through it , so I think we have something to discuss  about . 
B:  um and um We just sent in that uh NSF pre - proposal 
B:  but I don't think there 's much to say about that except we 've sent it in and we 'll see what happens 
B:  um Anybody ? 
B:  Anything ? 
B:  Anything else  going on ? 
B:  No . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So Why don't we do it in that order ? 
B:  Go ahead . 
B:  How fine a resolution do you need on that for this ? 
B:  I mean  maybe not so much . 
B:  P prone . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No , no . 
B:  Less . 
B:  Um , Hmm um well , do you think there 's  
B:  I don't really know . 
B:  I mean , were you thinking , uh , that it would be useful for some research later to know say , you said undergrad for instance , so , undergrad versus grad , 
B:  do you think that 's important ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I see . 
B:  I 
B:  DTD ? 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  See 
B:  yeah 
B:  yeah 
B:  Right . 
B:  How about  Yeah , how about Post - PHD researcher or something 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah so for  for me there 's  there 's a  There are people  
B:  Um , this got very tricky in fact when we got involved with the Spanish program actually 
B:  because  uh , when we said , in our original forms , " post - doc " what we were used to , from the German program and from the US standard , when you say " post - doc " it meant somebody who had just gotten a PHD who was doing one year someplace . 
B:  But when we did the Spanish call , many people said " oh I want to be uh  have a post - doc slot " and they were twenty years out 
B:  because they were " post " their  " doc " 
B:  so 
B:  I  I  I think that  
B:  It might be hard to do a finer thing than that because whether somebody is going to be dominant in a meeting is really I think it 's going to be so clouded by everything else  
B:  Someone who 's just gotten their PHD uh , could be very very uh , strongly opinionated about something and somebody who 's been twenty years out could be shy , you know , s 
B:  What 's  " Other " ? 
B:  so you want Professor to be in a separate category , 
B:  you think  you think uh  think  think we  
B:  So , I 'm te I 'm tending to push toward simpler 
B:  even though I know that more detailed means more  potential information for someone later who 's doing research  in  in this area 
B:  I  uh  The  the  the thing  making me lean toward simpler where possible is that uh  the more a thing  
B:  Many of the meetings that we record uh , may be the kind where we just record somebody once 
B:  even though  we want to get a lot of data that has uh , many meetings with the same people . 
B:  And so the more forms we have and the more lines in the forms that 's th the more overhead for that one time thing makes it harder to do . 
B:  Right .  That 's what we 've done so far . 
B:  Right . 
B:  And so I 'm saying I expect us to do both kinds . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  So I 'm saying there are going to be  What I imagine once we 've collected a lot of data , a chunk of it will be uh , the same people many times 
B:  and another chunk of it will be people  random meetings that we got with from different people 
B:  and I think it 's use We 've talked about this before , it 's useful to have both kinds of data . I think . 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Well , wait  wait  wait  wait a minute , 
B:  um , It 's not illegal or anything 
B:  right , 
B:  it 's not pushing on anything unethical or illegal , whatever , to ask for their age , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So  
B:  I suggest you ask for their age 
B:  and if they say I don't want to give it say OK . 
B:  I see . 
B:  O opt age is optional but those who don't give it will be given the uncomfortable microphones ? 
B:  The  the mean of the estimates from the  group will be used 
B:  They might lie anyway . 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  I mean  I mean the peop the people I 've known who 've lied about it I think would just lie about it . 
B:  Oh yeah . 
B:  Hey , Jack Benny was thirty - nine for forty years . 
B:  kinder and gentler . 
B:  I don't think it matters . 
B:  I  I don't think it matters . 
B:  If it makes you more comfortable , put Optional 
B:  I  I don't think it 's  
B:  Then  
B:  I  I  I don't think it 's important but I also don't think it 's an important point the other way 
B:  and I don't <laugh> want to make you do it some different way than you want to do it . 
B:  So . 
B:  Now what was this thing that  
B:  who was telling  
B:  was it Steve ? 
B:  Somebody was telling us about asking about uh , 
B:  Uh - huh 
B:  I  I  I 'm sorry , so you 're saying 
B:  uh I  I  I just missed something , though . 
B:  Are you saying that you have both ? 
B:  that you 're saying , uh what is your  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , and Henry Higgins could say which block you were from . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  So that 's  
B:  What  
B:  what about just doing the  the sort of the Steve suggestion , uh , as  as an add - on to it , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Rather than saying Region , <breath> just say " Where did you live between the ages of here and here ? " 
B:  Just  
B:  And then they  they could s 
B:  Right  yeah , they could say it different ways . 
B:  They could say Cincinnati or they could say Midwest or  
B:  Somebody 's gonna have to do some data  
B:  Yeah but that  but the good thing about it is it  is it frees you from coming up with exactly what the right categories are . 
B:  um , Right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I see . 
B:  But I think that if you 're going to have it be general uh , 
B:  so the idea again was , you know , you might wanna also know if  if they grew up in Germany or if they grew up  
B:  and so  uh , I think  you wanna  The idea  the motivation I think for this being suggested before was that it did cover a range of these cases that might um  
B:  you know , if you say your native language was  was English but uh  you  you grew up in Germany , uh I think this  
B:  Yeah , and the question is how extensive this gets . 
B:  But  but  
B:  What about the  the phrasing that um Chuck used , uh  which was in  in relation to the question I was trying to formulate of uh Where  where did you  what  
B:  what was that  what w how did you phrase it ? 
B:  " What language was spok " , 
B:  yeah , so it 's not where did you grow up , but what language was spoken in the home between the ages of , what would it be , five and twelve or something like that ? 
B:  cuz he does make a good point about the region 
B:  not necessarily again , if you 're on the army base or  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  For now , 
B:  right 
B:  so it 's  I mean , again , we are hoping to expand this out , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  And somebody might . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So internally , we have Texas and other . 
B:  mm - hmm 
B:  um  so are you suggesting that you put something in about childhood  in there . 
B:  Well you could distinguish between pre - five and five t five to twelve , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So depending on what someone 's interest was in the formation of the phonetic kinds of  categories or whether  or whether you 're talking more about their linguistic speech patterns , 
B:  you know uh 
B:  so 
B:  But , again , it depends how fine we wanna get , 
B:  but we could say uh " where did you live before you were five ? " , 
B:  " where did you live after you were five ? " , 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  yeah 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Why don't we try it out . and see  <laugh> see what kind of responses we get from people . 
B:  Anyway . 
B:  d I 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Uh , I  
B:  I wasn't thinking  
B:  oh No , no . 
B:  I wasn't thinking political at all . 
B:  I was just saying , looking at  applications of people over the years for post - docs here . 
B:  They 're r generally not very good at assessing their own abilities . 
B:  but  
B:  That could be . 
B:  That could be . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Good , 
B:  Bad . 
B:  How b How  About " How long have you been uh  in  in an English speaking country ? " 
B:  Yeah 
B:  Really ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  We done ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh , there 's another form . 
B:  No , you got  what 's the other form ? 
B:  In case people what ? 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Well the other thing is that potentially if this is done over a period of time , someone 's email could change . 
B:  Oh yeah , that 's bad . 
B:  Thanks 
B:  Oh , I see . 
B:  Then , you don't hafta ask the age . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Social  social security number . 
B:  I Maybe I was missing something maybe , 
B:  but I mean  this is something one would try to infer , 
B:  but how do  how would you How would you freeze that information about what , uh , 
B:  I mean , we already have these things about someone 's a professor and someone 's a student , or something , 
B:  but would you  would you  Some person would be writing OK this person was leading the meeting and that was or  or  
B:  is that what you mean , or  
B:  What  what  what  uh , 
B:  Oh , so you 're just putting preexisting relationships that are 
B:  I see . 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I m 
B:  Right , but that example was not  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , I mean , for  today , for instance , 
B:  this is the second meeting recorded today . 
B:  The first meeting was a  was a front - end meeting , 
B:  and in that one , the basic form of that was uh , I was the leader , 
B:  and I was saying uh , " what are the results you 've gotten in the last week ? " 
B:  And they were  and uh one person was sort of taking the lead , in describing what the results were , 
B:  and then uh , Chuck was taking the role of saying , " well , what did you mean by that ? " , 
B:  so he was sort of like the out s semi - outsider , asking curiosity questions . 
B:  And then it would come back to me with saying " well , you know , you showed me that but you know , I think you should do this in the future , " 
B:  so it was very much sort of " Leader " and  and  and  and " Led " sort of relationship . 
B:  And um  the guy I was primarily doing this with uh is  is a visiting researcher , uh , in this l meeting , uh , you are my graduate student , 
B:  but uh it 's not taking that kind of role at all , 
B:  right ? 
B:  You 're  you 're  you 're actually leading the meeting for the most part , most of this meeting , 
B:  so it 's  
B:  Yeah , well , whatever . 
B:  So  Uh  Yeah , so I  I don't know , 
B:  so you 're suggesting  
B:  Right , cuz it seems like it 's sort of a  
B:  Exactly . 
B:  It 's sort of a research question , you  you 're analyzing the meeting and you 're deciding , " ah , there 's this kind of structure to it . " 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So it sounds like having the facility is great , 
B:  and then over a period of time as the research happens on this we might develop  some of these categories that would be generally useful 
B:  and it  it sounds like a good thing to do . 
B:  Almost all of the meetings that we have are recorded with roughly this group 
B:  uh and uh  you know and  a fair minority with the group that we have in the morning , 
B:  so this is not a lot of people . 
B:  We could easily  There 's just a couple other meetings that 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , so we 're running kind of late , 
B:  so we 'll probably wanna zip through some other things , maybe do some more time on  on Jose 's stuff later , 
B:  um  uh Status of Transcription , 
B:  Uh , I guess , you know , we  we recently woke up um our friends 
B:  and uh 
B:  so I  I guess  you 've sent off this  the uh CD - ROMs 
B:  and you got some response from  from uh IBM about  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Was there some suggestion that they might soon , or  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  McCoond 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Great , OK . 
B:  Well , that was that one . 
B:  Um , 
B:  um , and I think we should just sort of look at this thing from you , off - line Jose 
B:  cuz it 's getting kind of late 
B:  but I mean I think the bottom line just glancing through it is that there 's  there 's a lot of overlap , in just energy related things 
B:  and so you need something else . 
B:  I mean , that 's sort of  
B:  right ? 
B:  And uh what  the  so I 'd  
B:  The residual error ? 
B:  OK , so this is post bug fix . 
B:  Good , OK . 
B:  So um  so I had two thought just glancing through this . 
B:  So , one is  one is that um that uh  we might wanna talk about normalization . 
B:  I mean , I don't know what normalizations you use . 
B:  Sometimes things have more overlap before you 've done some kind of normalization 
B:  and we might think about what different kinds of normalizations are possible . 
B:  And the other thing is that , if that isn't @ @ uh so much of the issue , then probably  
B:  I mean , residual LPC energy and just plain energy are very closely related , even though they 're different 
B:  and um so um  you really may need to go to something that looks at i in some sense harmonicity , or um  um <pages turning> relationship to or  fit  fit to pitch tracks on uh  on either side of  of it , for instance ? 
B:  You know , so if  if there 's uh a really bad fit between where the pitch is going in this suppose  uh hypothesized region of overlap , and the  the  and one or the other uh side , you know , then this  this  this might uh , suggest a  
B:  Excuse me ? 
B:  I if you have two  if you have two  if you have  uh  two people speaking uh  and there 's an overlap , then  I mean the first thing is that there should be a mixture of harmonics  uh during overlapped voice sections anyway . 
B:  And um the  any  a measure that you have of how much of the energy is due to your best guess at a particular harmonic sequence , it 's also going to be a smaller fraction . 
B:  This is , you know , related to the harmonicity sort of thing . 
B:  And then the other thing I 'm saying is that if you look at the temporal evolution  of the pitch there should be something like a discontinuity there . 
B:  Now , there 's other places where you 'll have discontinuities in pitch and speech , 
B:  but  but  maybe it 'll have something to  have a different character . 
B:  But it seems like energy  energy tells you something , 
B:  but uh if  unless this is a normalization problem , it looks from your results like there 's so much overlap that  certainly you need something that isn't energy - like , in addition to it , at least . 
B:  OK , so the question is  is  would some kind of normalization  help . 
B:  You know , uh , i i it could be that if you normalized uh by the overall um  energy uh for uh you know some  some longer period of time or something , uh  that  that there would be more of a distinction . 
B:  uh , I  I don't know . 
B:  Which is the intuition , 
B:  un unfortunately there 's a standard deviation of like ten , 
B:  so  <clear throat> For each one , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Well , that 's what I was suggesting , that y you wanna do some kind of longer time normalization eh with the  
B:  even if you make a mistake occasionally , that  that i is roughly i is there some corresponding to that speaker , so that if you , if  if uh   if you 
B:  because that  that 's gonna spread out these distributions really a lot , to not do any kind of normalization , 
B:  and so that  that could mask the effect somewhat . 
B:  So that 's why it doesn't add up down  
B:  I have another  another thought . 
B:  Um , this is  this is frame energy , 
B:  of course frame  frames have a lot of variance to them 
B:  because different sounds are different loudnesses . 
B:  So I mean , what if you took uh one second chunks or something like that . 
B:  Or  or maybe not even a second , 
B:  maybe a quarter of a second or something , 
B:  so that you would typically have two or three basically syllable kind of length  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  So then you  you 'll  you know  
B:  Something , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  So  so I mean , so you know two hundred , three hundred four hundred mill 
B:  some longer chunk of time , 
B:  and then you looked at the amount of energy in that . 
B:  and how does that vary over these different cases . 
B:  or voiced regions . 
B:  Well , I mean , you could do a  you could first determine that something was voiced or not . 
B:  Well , I mean the overlaps are typically more than just a tiny little bit of time 
B:  and so uh there could be voiced and non - voiced pieces during the overlap . 
B:  I don't know , 
B:  because it 's  it 's  this  this has to do with these questions of harmonicity , and so forth , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right , so you could do something like , uh 
B:  but  
B:  Sure . 
B:  But I think what will be easy for him to do would be to do this thing of looking over a large enough region of time . 
B:  Cuz if you look over a large enough region of time , most of the time you 'll have some voiced  a fair amount of voiced uh energy in it . 
B:  And so I think that would be  
B:  Is it ? 
B:  What ? 
B:  Are you using a pitch detector in this yet , in your experiments ? 
B:  Do you have a pitch detector that you 're using ? 
B:  Do you  do you have a  a pitch detector that you are using in these experiments ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Does  does it have a voiced , unvoiced uh detector in it , 
B:  uh ? 
B:  It doesn't . 
B:  it just finds the pi it just finds the pitch even when it 's unvoiced ? 
B:  I mean , it must have some  It has to tell you something , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . So ordinarily in these things , it does tell you that it 's  it 's voiced with a pitch of such - and - such . 
B:  And it will  i i it will say something like zero 
B:  or you know it 'll have something that it says when it 's  when it can't find a good  good uh uh period , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So it 's looking for some periodic behavior , 
B:  and if it can't find a period it tells you for  for most things like that . 
B:  So I mean , this is , getting back to what Liz was suggesting 
B:  which I think actually is good , the more I think of it , 
B:  that  that um  for normalization you could do something like take voiced sections and normalize to equalize the energy in that . 
B:  I 'm just still going back to normalization , that even though it 's roughly normalized , uh , for overall gain , I think it it 's  it  it may not be normalized enough . 
B:  Uh , for both , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , so  so I think I mean , @ @ this is something to  to experimentally determine , 
B:  but I mean , if um u 
B:  as I understand it , you have  you have some regions that uh um are marked , as  
B:  You have training data that you 're trying to find a threshold , 
B:  right ? 
B:  and so um um if you take um all the things  all the uh speak things marked " SPK " , and uh look for the voiced uh energy in them , 
B:  and uh 
B:  well , just in  in each case , take a  take a  take a frame , 
B:  take the 
B:  uh  uh 
B:  if it 's  if it 's voiced , include it ,  
B:  Just separate out from the  from the normal things , 
B:  separate out voiced . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Then you 're gonna end up with uh a  a uh  a mean uh standard devia deviation , and so forth . 
B:  And then do your normalization based on that . 
B:  And once you do that just for voiced , 
B:  um um 
B:  I guess you 'd  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  w 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  You could do that , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  I mean , be  i And if they still overlapped , i i the  
B:  But  but I  I think that  this is a good first thing , to just sort of see . 
B:  And  and what this says is that  th that without any special normalization at least , this is  there 's a lot of overlap here . 
B:  And so  I mean coming back to Jose 's question , 
B:  I mean there 's still this issue of  of  of how much time  
B:  I mean  
B:  What do you look at in order to normalize ? 
B:  I mean , dur you  you get some data in , you don't know which it is , how do you  how do you  W w what period of time do you look over to normalize it by ? 
B:  And  and uh ,  that 's  that 's something to think about and experiment with . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Right , so that 's what we were talking about before with harmo with harmonicity measure . 
B:  Yeah . So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , well . 
B:  Good . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , and I  I  
B:  I don't know . 
B:  I  I wanna think about it 
B:  and you should think about it . 
B:  I  I  I didn't want to just pop out an answer 
B:  because I realized I  I hadn't thought about it enough . 
B:  I 'm not sure . 
B:  Well , what he 's saying is that the typecasting could be the issue , for F - seek . 
B:  Yeah , cuz I think in  I mean , in general F - seek works , 
B:  so it 's 
B:  Yeah , Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Anyway , 
B:  Anyway , we 're  we 're missing snacks here , 
B:  so uh  <laugh> let 's  let 's  let 's  let 's do our  let 's do our digits 
B:  and  and uh 
B:  Yep . 
