<other_speech unrecognizable>

<other_noise>

(B) <another language>

(??) <another language>

(??) <another language>

(B) Hi Sangeet.

(A) Hi.

(B) There, yeah, I I don't have headphones here.

So I'll move to the (??) floor.

I may disconnect for a second.

(A) (??).

(B) And uh -

So please, whatever someone come, 

please make sure the the populate the uh surge document and I'll I'll <other_speech unrecognizable>.

(A) Uhm, uhm.

(B) In a few second, but I'll -

My time is again limited so -

I'm here, but uh, <other_speech unrecognizable>.

(A) <other_speech unrecognizable>.

(B) Through the floors.

So the connection would be unstable.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yes.

<other_noise>

(B) <another language>

<other_noise>

<another language>

<other_noise>

<another language>

<other_noise>

<another_language>

<other_noise>

(B) Hi to reconnect.

(A) Yeah, I (knew) it.

(B) Yeah, okay, good, it works.

Hi.

So we don't have anyone.

I hope, that the people will confirm -

Vojtěch will prepare domain adaptation for Monday seminar.

Yes, there is 2.

Uh, so I'll I'll comment on that.

Uh, Vojta -

<other_sigh>

<parallel_talk> Please tune, there is 2 seminars at all.

Like just in a rough this Monday, both speaking uh, English and uh, just join them. <parallel_talk>

Yeah, so what what Vojtěch wrote, is w- where (??) get document, 

that he will prepare the for the Monday seminar.

I confirmed that it will be good.

Uh, the Monday seminar will be done through Zoom.

So I will get ready for that by follow- by connecting Zoom (??) notebook 

and following the sound output of the machine itself.

Uh, so we'll see, how the sound quality is de- degraded,

when people are connected to remotely.

This is also som- something, that would be worth measuring.

So when you are bored, it would be good to uh, s- pass the to -

Well, you have not probably received the credentials for the Zoom thing, but -

(A) No, not yet.

(B) Yeah, but we we could try it,

so that I would  stream some of the audio files uh, from here through Zoom

and you would record those and then we would have like a secondary audio, 

which is often degraded quality,

and we would see we could measure the word error rate increase by that.

(A) Um-hum, Um-hum, Um-hum.

(B) So this is this is simi- very similar to what uh, we uh, should be doing with the compression, that Sunit still has not provided.

So that would be uh, that would be uh, good thing to try.

Uh, and then try to get fe 

(A) You mean recording the audio if <other_throat cleaning> 

recording the audio you mean (??) wording, whatever we hear from the speakers. 

(B) Yes, yes.

So you would be a participant,

I would be sending the audios,

so I would be -

My microphone would be such to the playback to the monitor of my playback.

I would play the recording, that we have from some past,

uh, like from the the microphone, like AUDACITY base recording for example.

And then, I would send that through Zoom 

and you would receive that through Zoom 

and that would give us a new audio.

So you'd be recording your sound output

and that would give us a new audio, 

that we could asses the loss in in precision through that.

(A) Um-hum.

(B) Yep. 

Okay, so V- Vojtěch provided his input that's good 

and you did (??) setup, it's ready, including the videos, right?

(A) Yeah, in- including the videos.

(B) Okay, yeah, so please, uh, uh, <parallel_talk> please here sample path to the video. <parallel_talk>

So that just an as an example.

Yeah, that's good.

Then you have been working on the forced alignment 

and are uh, like uh, w- w- putting this more to Mohamed right?

(A) Um-hum, yeah right -

(B) So how (??)?

(A) To- to- today, we have a meeting uh, 

I have a meeting with Mohamed, so I'll tell him, how to run the forced alignment.

(B) Yeah, yeah.

(A) And I'll (??) them (??).

(B) Yeah, I suggest to use probably a Google document along with the call 

because he is in Iran.

And the sound quality is pretty bad.

When he starts talking, immediately it like it degrades and and gets lost.

So he can say short and easy things, but not complicated things.

(A) Um-hum.

(B) And the uh, the chat is not g- good for that.

So I suggest, that you -

(A) Yes, so far I have not that human the (??).

(B) Yes, like is another option.

So, but w- w- whatever you do, uh, uh -

So actually, try to use as much primary resources as possible

and the primary resources, that means, 

there is the README that goes with the forced aligner.

(A) Uh, yeah.

(B) So go through that README and improve that README.

So that the next person, who who has to start from scratch will have an easier position.

(A) Um-hum, yeah, yeah, yeah.

(B) Yeah, so that the Slack is fine, discuss that on Slack 

and you don't need a Google document.

So we use the the primary sources and and Slack to to explain if if there is any problems. That that's great, okay.

Then -

Okay, so you have done all the log from Mock conference.

Okay.

So again, please, please, put the path here, uh.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(B) Yeah, I'll -

<parallel_talk> Ondrej will try to forward it to (??) for exploration. <parallel_talk> 

So that we know.

And then, you are doing the ASR for Daniel and Anna.

That's great and you are working on SL- uh, IWSLT of of what?

(A) Uh, f- for the -

Um, ju- just I I mean, that I I I so that you release some data for IWSLT.

(B) Um-hum.

(A) So I downloaded data ASR and I uh, but Dominik questioned me to uh, to doodle MT

those ASR -

(B) Um-hum.

(A) And I re- I retrain ASR with (??) MT, 

than the MT and Edinburgs MT,

and saying may it is kind of (??)

(B) Yeah, synchronize with Dominik.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(B) Because he is done, he has done some of  this maybe himself.

So just make sure, that you are in very close very close touch with him.

Okay, great, that's good.

And the -

So not implement, just integrate.

Uh, so it's uh, implemented by Matúš.

(A) Matúš, yeah.

(B)  And then, logs from -

(A) Logs for (??) for Ebrahim and (??).

(B) Yeah, but this is actually the this identical.

Uh, uh, <parallel_talk> This is identical to doing the IWSLT runs. <parallel_talk>

(A) Aha, okay.

(B) So this is exactly the same thing.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah it's the same thing, yeah.

(B) And logs for uh, Lang yeah, (??) that is for the for the manual transcription.

Right?

(A) Yeah, yep.

(B) Yep, so when doing these, please, make sure, 

that you preserve segment level timing.

So the idea is that for forced aligner, 

we need to chop a long speeches into smaller ones.

So when the transcribers are revising the transcript from the ASR,

they should keep many of the timestamps there.

And they will modify the sentences.

In many cases they will have to like rejoin sentences.

So the timestamps of uh, of a sentence beginning should not be interesting,

uh, they would have to be removed, but many will remain.

So as soon as the correct sentence beginning coincides with the 1,

that was proposed by ASR.

We can reuse the time stamp and then we can chop at those timestamps.

So by preserving the timestamps in the manual revision,

1st you make it easier to like revise that.

You you can make it easier for the human to jump to the appropriate part of the of the sound.

And 2nd, the sound can be broken up into the sorter sounds for the forced aligner.

(A) Um-hmm.

(B) So please, come up with the format,

that mixes the segments from the uh, from the ASR, the sentences.

And the timestamps, I suggest it would be something very simple, 

like just the numbers.

Uh, uh if there is a line, which contains only numbers and columns,

it is a timestamp, and other lines are the transcript.

So it would be like interleave lines.

Sometimes, there would be no timestamp between the sentences,

that's ne- that's not a problem.

Sometimes, the- the-there is no point in in having 2 timestamps, 

or yes, there could even 2 timestamps after another

and no no text between them.

If for example, there was long piece of silence.

So so I would suggest just interleaved segments and timestamps

as the input to the annotators.

Right?

<parallel_talk> Ondřej uh, recommends to keep a seg-level timestamps in the format of interleaved a lines - some lines are text, some lines contain just the numeric timestamp.<parallel_talk>

Uh.

<other_sigh>

<parallel_talk> More text (??) in a row. <parallel_talk>

Yep.

So okay, thanks.

So that was Sangeet.

And now we have Dominik.

We also hear someone, that's pro- probably Matúš, right?

(C) Uh, yes, uh.

(B) Yes, yeah.

So your your sound quality is is bad.

So I 'll I'll have to leave very soon myself, so please Matúš,

I wasn't in touch with your for a while, 

so please, briefly tell us, how is life in Switzerland?

<laugh>

(C) How is life in Switzerland?

<other_speech unrecognizable>

Ca- can you hear me?

(B) Yes, it' it's bad sound quality.

I think it's because you probably don't use any headphones.

(C) Uh, i- is it better now?

(B) Yes, it is better, much better.

(C) Oh, okay, okay.

It was my kick.

Okay.

So have uh -

Yeah.

M- maybe for Sangeet.

I have finished the audio visualization tool.

(B) Yeah.

(C) Have you have you tried it?

Does it work okay?

(A) Not yet, I I I hadn't have ti- I haven't time yet, so no.

(??) like this is my to-do list for for the next week.

(C) Um-hmm, okay, okay so then, just let me know.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah sure.

(C) And I have also trained the model for for uh, 

I think it was 27, no, it was uh, uh, 

basically for a- all the languages from from the data set in UEDIN.

(B) Um-hmm.

And can we integrate this?

Is it uh, is it the same Tensor2Tensor, or whatever, that we have integrated?

(C) It is the same uh, exactly the same uh, 

Tensor2Tensor as the as the 7 to se- as the 6 to 6 model.

(B) Uh, which I don't know whether -

(C) Which I which I have integrated in -

(B) Okay.

Yes, so please, this is another thing for Sangeet and you.

Please, synchronize on this, so that we can really use this model.

And it is now the ideal time for evolution, which of the models works better.

Uh please, include them in the evaluation of desk set IWSLT.

Right?

(C) Um-hmm.

(B) Sangeet?

(A) Um-hmm um-hmm, yeah, yeah, yeah.

(B) That's that's good.

(C) Yeah.

And and also, I haven't really evaluated the models,

so so well, so I will have to evaluate in on all languages yet.

(B) Um-hmm.

(C) And it is still possible that it that it is too small for all the all the languages

because I used -

(B) Okay.

(C) I I used the very sm- like I used the vocabulary of 64000 just 6 languages

and now I use the same like a vocabulary uh, for all the languages.

So it is possible -

(B) Um-hmm.

(C) It w- it won't have enough vocabulary,

but i will have to to test that as well.

(B) Yeah.

Okay so this is -

Plea- please, just proceed with this and do it.

So the the the deadline for IWSLT has been extended.

It's the 20th of April for the submission, or f- the system outputs.

Uh, and the deadline for the paper submission has not been extended

and that comes only 4 days after that, on 24th or something like that.

So please, if if it works, if your multi-ling- lingual model is included in the evaluation,

regardless if we choose it as the primary submission or not,

please, described that as well.

So please, talk to Sangeet and Dominik where the paper will be and yes

and and and have the description included.

(C) Mm-hmm.

(B) Great, that's good.

Okay.

Uh, and any other thing?

(C) Ah, from uh, I don't think so (though).

(B) Yes, Tuesday at 4, would that be a good time for for these calls for you?

(C) Tuesday, I think yes.

(B) Yeah.

So I'll I'll I'm trying add this actually question on everybody.

I'm trying to move that from -

Yeah.

Move away from uh, from Thursday to Tuesday.

And I hope, that it will also uh, help us to get more people here

because well, is only only s- only the 3 of you or 2 of you.

<laugh>

I don't know, where the others are.

Despite I sent the e-mail this morning to remind everybody uh.

(C) Yeah, I I also -

For me, it was very like l- very much like the day the day saw it.

(B) Okay.

(C) So usually you read the e-mails in like, later.

(B) Ah, I see, yeah yeah.

(C) And when you just said it and when you just sent it i- i- in the morning,

that I'm later.

(B) Yeah, yeah.

I know, I know, but it's -

(C) (??) 10 minutes after the call started so.

<laugh>

(B) Yeah, but it is it is actually a regular meeting.

So that's, why I thought that people should be coming anyway.

And this is a confirmation of regular call.

So I'm now moving in to to Tuesday and and making the regular for Tuesday hopefully. 

(C) Because because I I thought, that the the you would be move it already this week,

when you resend the e-mails.

(B) Yes, yes, but will only Dominik f- updated the doodle.

So it's ma- maybe others for (fine) with that, but still the they didn't join to -

Okay.

I'll -

<laugh>

Never mind. 

<laugh>

Uh, yep.

And uh, and as um so Switzerland is doing good or bad within the? -

(C) Yeah, a- a- actually actually you would think, that they would do more,

more sayings the the government.

(B) Yeah.

(C)  But, but they were quite slow to react so.

(B) Um-hum, so.

You don't have a trouble.

(C) Yes, so last week uh, everyone was just uh, yeah, well, 

they call it spazieren, or something like <laugh> like that.

Like they were ta- taking walks.

(B) Yeah, Um-hum.

(C) Of on the streets like as if n- as if nothing was happening and so.

And so that would n- n- now, 

they are writing more more cases per per -

(B) (??).

(C) Per population than in Italy, but it's like -

(B) Yeah, yeah.

(A) And (??) the Switzerland is the most infective after after French.

So there is a China, Italy, France, uh, Spain, then France then then is Switzerland.

So it's like -

(C) Yeah, but (??).

(A)  A Europe is a -

(B) Yeah.

(A) (??) yeah.

(C) Yeah, yeah, but basically, that I I have ordered instant food 

and I have food for months, so I don't care.

(B) <laugh>

Okay.

Good, that you bought it because it will be out s- foc- out of supplies soon.

(C) Would I did actually, 

I I ordered instant food from a Czech company called Mana.

(B) <laugh>

Okay.

(C) And they make these food, 

that contains a 100% of everything it it it's just like dust,  like flour so.

(B) Okay.

<laugh>

Yeah.

So thanks for the details, I'll have to uh, get uh, go home at the moment.

So Dominik, maybe if can very briefly say the most important parts.

That's the submitted papers, thanks a lot for that again.

So is Dominik listening?

(C) It looks li- it looks like he's video is frozen.

(B) Ah, okay.

So maybe he is a pro- (promote) the connection.

(A) So Matúš, if you could document what we said (??).

(B) Yeah.

(A) In in in the in the Google document in to-do list.

(B) To-do list (??).

(C) Ah, yes, sorry.

(B)+(C) <other_speech unrecognizable>

(C) So ELITR Surge 2020 document.

(A) Yeah.

(B) Yeah.

(C) (??) okay.

(B) So thanks thanks to all.

Please, keep this uh, you can still be until 11:30 on this call so

and then it will probably end.

So feel free to discuss whatever uh it's you like and I'll I'm I'm leaving.

So thanks a lot.

And and next Tuesday, hopefully there will be more people.

Thanks.

Bye bye.

(A) Bye, bye, bye, bye.

(C) Bye.

(A) <other_sigh>

(C) Okay, I'll be back here in a minute.

(A) Um-hum, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hi, uh, Dominik can can can you hear me?

<other_noise>

Yes, we are we we can't hear you in -

Hello, hello Dominik?

<other_noise>

And Dominik?

Ca- ca- can you say something?

No, no, no, no, nothing from Dominik.

(C) Hello.

(A) Yeah, I can hear you Matúš.

(C) Yeah, I have one more question.

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah please (??).

(C) Uh, I actually forgot how to how to send uh, (??) 

or or how exactly do send data through through the pipeline e- (ev) client, 

uh, when I want to ASR for example.

(A) Uh, (??).

(C) And I'm not sure and I'm not sure, what are tho- all those fingerprints and so on

and I don't have them any- anywhere written.

(A) Ah, okay, okay.

So uh, basically, so you want to get ASR out put from when of the ASR workers, 

like our ASR worker or (KIT) ASR worker?

Uh, and I mean get the ASR put and if you did to the y- y- your uh, uh 

M- MT many to many MT.

Is that what do you want?

(C) Yeah, well, I I'm just like uh, 

basically to to have all the like possible command listed somewhere.

is it there repository, somewhere, where I can see all the commands?

(A) So that's not like a command,

but we have prepared some (scripts), which does ASR

and (add) this together, but uh, if you want uh, (??) added on Slack?

(C) Uh, yeah.

(A) I can check.

(C) I think, I am there, yes.

I will (just) have to -

(A) Yep, so (??).

(C) Uh, what is the name of the Slack?

ELITR?

(A) Yeah, ELITR Slack.

(C) (Key).

No, I just have to guess the password.

<laugh>

<other_noise>

Nice.

<other_noise>

(A) Aha okay, so (??) fingerprints.

(C) Yeah.

Ah, okay.

Okay, thanks.

Because I I was trying to run something through it.

(A) Um-hum. 

(C) This week and -

(A) Ah, okay, okay.

At 28th you were talking what like how do get uh, uh, (??) de- descripts (??) how to get ASR and and -

(C) Yeah, I I just  wasn't sure, how the call it,

but but basically, I just ca- called and it and it always just said,

that that it doesn't know the language or something so.

I didn't know more than (??) to write there.

(A) Yeah, okay, then.

Okay, so so (??) Dominik uh, he has uh, uh, (??).

I think, uh, so for (??) to 44 uh, I think (??) we are working on (??).

Dominik, if you (??) like uh.

So I'm talking, what your point number 4, 

where you wrote about uh, evaluation of 10 English to German 

and English to Czech MT models IWSLT.

(A) (C) <other_speech unrecognizable>

(C) Uh, sorry, could you said it again?

I didn't hear you.

(A) Uh, yeah, I I I I I'm talking to I'm just saying to a Dominik.

So he has internet and he was evaluating the 10,

English to German and English to Czech MT models for IWSLT.

And I think, this is what -

I I started to work, but I could not make it uh, (completely) 

because I Dominik uh -

I I need to came to relay, shouldn't type the different MT's front uh, 

give me like uh, from give me and yeah, ID 

in Edinburgh, have to be treated differently and I I'm not get time (??) German (??).

So now from today, I have uh, uh, all the (feedback) for this 

and I'll be happy to uh, (??) on on on this so.

Yeah, that's was (all thing) Dominik.

So I I I I already have the scripts, which I modified from you,

so I just make a few (??) and then in data.

I think, that they should (??).

(??).

So if you have already further tasks (??) in this data, we can (??).

(??).

So I I would think, the uh, if you have anything uh, more uh, uh, 

that you uh, uh, I I I can do for you, then that you can let me know.

You can could go (??) than I think, that's all I have.

And also, uh, Dominik, so this week  I m- I'll be able to fix uh, the a s- s- segmentor thing

because that it's a little (??) other (branch) for a segmentor division

and I did not have time to fix it.

So hopefully this time I'll I'll make uh, I'll make some (clean) option the segmentor,

so that really have this (??) uh, s- s- segmentor 

and and to (??) some 1 segmentor instead of 2 at all.

<other_speech unrecognizable>

Okay, okay, okay.

<other_speech unrecognizable>

<other_sigh>

And and Dominik did the -

Seriously, we were discussing (??) to Ebrahim with regarding the segment-level.

Uh, segment-level timestamps.

I mean actual audio.

So did you uh, b- will you successful uh, on that (??) successfully.

Okay, ah, sorry (obvious) I I (??) works.

So I'm saying, that uh, yesterday, we, you and E- Ebrahim -

We and Ebrah- we eval- discussing with Ebrahim 

regarding how to get segment level timestamps of the o- o- of the MT segment.

As in the actual audio so.

So uh, will you successfully running that?

In getting the actual timestamp of the MT.

As (??) video time in in in the audio.

So (??).

Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, you (??) tried it.

Okay, then, that's all from -

<other_speech unrecognizable>

Okay, okay, okay, okay.

Okay, so.

So Matúš, I I have -

(C) Yep.

(A) So you have a create a many to many MT m- models -

(C) Uh, yeah, I'm just going to start the evaluation on the languages now.

It's just uh, just for technical reasons uh, I can do it all at once so.

(A) Uh, I didn't hear, you must (??) can you repeat that?

(C) Yeah, I'm going to start the evaluation now, 

just for technical reasons I can't do it all at the same time.

So I will have to do it separately for each language.

(A) Ah, okay.

(C) And -

(A) So

(C) And and and make it more complicated is that the -

It's basically like I think it's 42 or something language uh -

(A) Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.

(C) Like per a-  I'm going to to evaluated on pairs with English, if that's okay.

(A) Um-hum, um-hum.

(C) Because I be- because it was trained as English (??).

(A) Ah, ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

From uh, or from more (??) language to English 

and then from English to again, all the (??) languages

(C) Uh, sorry?

(A) So so by En- En- English at the (center) language,

you (??) from all the 42 languages to E- English 

and from English then (??) to all (??) to languages.

(C) Yes, yes, yes, yes.

(A) And can you side the source for these uh, an MT -

So are you using the Edinburgh's model?

(C) Uh, I am using UEDIN's data.

(A) Aha, aha.

(C) But I'm using the -

(A) So the thing is UEDIN also has a many too many models.

So I I was just finding, if you using the same,

or you have trained uh, separate uh, uh kind of (lape).

(C) Yes, so I I was I was using the many too many model, 

that they had before.

(A) Aha, aha, aha.

(C)  But it was like totally unusable, when we tried it.

(A) Yeah, yeah, I I just (??) yeah, yeah, it recently work yeah.

(C) Uh, so so that's actually, why I I I made this fun. 

(A) Um-hum.

(C) But I but I'm not sure, if it is usable on all the languages it,

but I I know, that in 6 to 6 it works a quite well.

(A) Aha, aha.

(C) And they also tried it in the uh, paraphraser.

And they -

(A) Um-hum, um-hum.

(C)  may be some evaluation on it, likes uh, 

s- some of their matrics, like fluency and and I do not know what,

what they do there, so so probably it -

They should have it somewhere in in their in their paper.

I don't have it, but I am going to evaluate it on on the data, 

that I have myself.

Oh, oh yeah, the evaluation data for -

Yeah.

Uh, I know, that someone wrote me something about evaluation data, 

but I'm not I don't remember exactly, what it was.

(A) Um-hum.

(C) Evaluation.

Now, we only have 5 minutes left.

(A) Y- yeah, yeah (??).

(C) Yeah, so o-o- on which data should I should I evaluate it?

So so so the w- so that we can compare it with with the other models.

(A) Uh, which data to evaluate?

I think, I 'm not sure about this question 

because I didn't know the test set.

Uh I think, Daniel would be the the right person to to answer your question,

(thus) until I (Daniel) has been supervising the test set.

(C) Yeah, so uh -

So so my question was like -

Sorry.

My question was what what Ondřej was saying uh, 

about about comparing it with with other models.

Uh, he was saying something like that before.

(A) Um-hum.

(C) Right. 

(A) And and right, okay.

(C) And so uh, what is that about?

Uh.

(A) I'm not sure if I if I can say something to you (??), 

but is you write e-mail to Ondrej and Daniel (??).

(C) Well, Daniel who?

Maybe I will just check the check this thing, this document,

if there is something about it.

Yeah, I I also received the mail from Dominik.

(A) Um.hum.

(C) Uh, following (table) issue, I evaluate some MT workers from the the

for quality, latency and flicker.

(??).

Yes, so it is IWSLT dot test 2015.

Is Dominik here?

(A) Uh.

(C) Uh.

(A) Yeah, he is tipping and he he is here.

(C) Yes, so uh, so you wrote uh, it the e-mail about the about this.

So perhaps the -

Uh, and can I find the the data set, that you used somewhere?

Do you have it somewhere available, like?

Or if you find it somewhere, can?-

Okay, okay, so so i- so if I just the use it from the there, it would be the exact same data set, okay.

Okay.

Okay, then, thank you.

Okay.

(A) So I think, if we go offline (??) yet.

(??).

(C) Yeah.

(A) I don't think system works.

(??).

(C) Yeah, I don't know either.

<laugh>

(A) Okay so bye, we can say bye to each other.

(C) Yeah, yeah, bye everyone.

(A) Bye, bye, bye.

Yeah, and any questions w- we can (??) on Slack.

(C) Okay, okay, I'm adding the Slack to my







