A:  All set ? Okay . Cool . Right . So um basically I'm just gonna go over real quickly um some news I've just got from the board on how we're supposed to do with this um <other> remote control . And then I'm gonna turn over to you guys to make brief presentations um on what you've found and then we'll have a bit of discussion . 


A:  So basically uh what I've just found out from the board I dunno if you guys got this email as well but it needs to be television only . So no  we're not doing D_V_D_ , we're not doing anything else , it's just gonna be a television remote . <other> Um it also needs to have the company colours included in it . <other> Um so that's red and black . And it has to have the slogan , case you guys forget the slogan it's , we put fashion in electronics . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Um and no teletext . I'm not sure what teletext is but I'm assuming you guys do , so we don't wanna include that um in this particular design . <other> For reasons that I don't really know . There's  but it's the board so there you go . So basically um given those guidelines which will have some effect on how we design we'll discuss it later I mean 'cause it's television only we'll be able to change our uh <other> um well we can s sacrifice more function for a better television remote . <other> 


A:  Anyway . So I'm gonna turn over to the Industrial Designer uh to go ahead and make a presentation on  
B:  Okay . So do I unplug this bit here ? 
D:  Gotta plug you in . 
A:  Oh , right yeah . Yep . Might have to hit function F_ eight but it looks like it's gonna come up . Yep . Cool . 
B:  Okay . Right . That's page one of my presentation . So the uh method . We're gonna have to understand how remote controls work and res uh successfully complete this project . Um remote control works as follows . This is all pretty basic stuff you guys . Um sends message to another system , so there's an energy source involved in that like a battery or solar power , something along those lines , there's an integrated circuit , which is the microchip , um and that actually compose the messages and usually the way a a remote control works is it sends infrared bits to another system . A user interface controls the chip , basically that's the casing and the buttons and um accordingly the messages as well . 
A:  Brilliant . 
D:  Very nice . For your first PowerPoint it's lovely . 
A:  Okay , okay . 
B:  <other> That's the end of my presentation . 
D:  Cool . 
A:  Great . Thank you very much Nathan . <other> 


A:  Um if next we can have the um User Interface Developer go ahead and make a brief presentation that'd be great as well . 
C:  <cough> 
A:  S plug yourself in here . Mm . <other> Um hit function F_ eight real quickly , hold down  
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm . 
D:  Looks like you're in okay . 
B:  Is it plugged in well ? There it goes . Computer adjusting . 
C:  Th 
D:  There you go . 
A:  There you go . Sweet . 
C:  Well so . Here we have a uh my technical functions design presentation . Um so a few of the requirements we need here . Uh we n basically need to operate an electronic device , it needs to be universal um and possibly uh operate several different types of devices although we now uh find that uh that that's no problem . Um so some of my findings . Um basically wanna send messages uh to a television set . Um that would be any number of different things uh such as switch on the television , uh switch to the next channel , that sort of thing , I think we're all quite uh 
A:  Yeah sorry I couldn't get that g to use before . 
C:  quite uh intelligent and know know what a normal remote control does . 
C:  So my personal preferences . <laugh> Revolutionise the idea of uh a remote control . Um so attain the functionality of a complicated device but use a simple formatted display uh for the user to to work with . And I was gonna add another uh slide here but I didn't quite have time there . Um . Just incorporating some of the ideas that we had previously like uh having multiple face but it's uh  . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Nice . <other> Okay . Great . Thanks for that Ron . 
D:  Right . 


A:  <other> 'Kay yep that's you . 
D:  Does that mean I'm up ? I think so . Okay . Oh that would be perfect . Thank you . 
C:  I can plug you in . 
D:  Slide show up and running . Or not . Uh . 
A:  Give it a little bit . 
D:  Oh there we go . Perfect . Okay . So this is me . Um basically I was looking through some marketing reports that we've got and we had a usability test where we were actually sort  like watching a hundred people <other> use T_V_ remotes and see what it is that they're using and then they filled out a questionnaire about what they like and what they don't about their general T_V_ remote control practices . Um pretty much through testing we were finding out that most of the time , everybody's used to using changing the channel , turning it on , using the volume , m the majority of the time that's all that's going on , the other functions happen , for some people they're important , but the primary uses are really really basic . Um and so big complicated remotes like one we saw in the last presentation are really not the general public's use , they're not using a lot of it , they don't need it , they even find it frustrating when there are all those buttons that they don't know what to do with . <other> And um we also found out that uh fifty percent of our people , their  the worst thing about a remote is how often they lose it . And then they can't find it in the room . So I think what we were talking about with a pager or something , will really come into play with a lot of these people . <other> Um there's also a survey about what they liked about remotes , and pretty much they all think they're hideous and not very useful , and the younger demographics are all really interested in voice recognition options . I don't know if that's something we're ready to look into technically , that's up to the design people , but it is s something worth thinking about , especially since the younger demographic's obviously the one that's gonna keep growing , so if that's the direction we're headed in it's something to think about . Um but basically it really is the primary functions and getting it to look nice , which are 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  the standards . <other> So it's a good start for us . 
A:  <other> That's great . Thank you Sarah . 


A:  Right . So um yep I'll just uh switch that back here . I'll finish up with just a bit of discussion plan on for the next phase . 
D:  Need to unplug this ? Need it back . There you go . 
A:  <other> Right so I think we've covered most of these important questions through this um <other> through you guys's presentations um <other> we've got uh y the Industrial Designer suggests uh or pretty much emphatically suggested that we need to go with plastic . <other> Um Sarah , she's recommended that we go for simpler functions , so fewer functions um but we need to decide who are we selling this to , you s your stats suggested that seventy five percent of people under thirty five wanted , thought about voice control , <other> um so do we wanna go for that , or do we want to go for an older demographic , and my thought is <other> um <other> we've got w if we're gonna go for a sleek look I mean we are putting the fashion in electronics <cough> um . <laugh> 
D:  Oh right . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <other> We're not catering to the pensioners of the world I don't think so . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Yes . So maybe this  we should look into this younger demographic . Um . So 
D:  Right . 
A:  <other> uh we need to wonder ah h about how we make it better and smaller and faster um think we're constrained to plastics very well , we've got this idea , Ron was saying we need to think about uh revolutionising the way it's looking um , which might be easier given that we're going for simpler function and that we're only going for a telly . 
D:  Right . Uh . 
B:  Gotta wonder though , if we're adding so much technology to this one remote , are we still gonna be able to meet out twelve pou our twelve fifty Euro you know goal for selling these things . It seems like , we're not gonna be able to handle all these functions with just one microchip . The microchip is probably the most expensive part of the the whole mechanism . So it's just something to consider . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  True . Worth looking into . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah . True . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay . Absolutely . Mm 'kay um well yeah I guess we'll cross that bridge um in a la slightly later stages of development um but yeah I know , that's perfectly viable question . Mm 'kay um so I'm seeing that we're gonna just basically focus on this young demographic group , aim it at them , but then in a sense that its bells and whistles are available for anybody who wants them but basically we'll make a sleek simple functioned um uh remote control . Um I think this voice recognition thing is a we've got a market for it uh I don't think there's too many , we'd more or less be cornering the market on it as well , we don't have many um . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm . Yeah . 
A:  <other> I appear to have lost my microphone . Mm . <other> Right um we don't have many people <other> or there's not very many competitors out there that do that so cool . Um right . I guess we've c we've touched on most of this . The idea of a paging function , a touch screen , and face plates . Um . 


A:  Alright . Fair enough . 
D:  We're good ? 
A:  Sounds good . I'm gonna save th a copy of this in case you guys need any reminders . I'm gonna save a copy of this and the minutes that I'll do it in a second and put them in the shared folder for later reference . 
C:  I've put my files in the shared folder as well . 
A:  Brilliant . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> That's fab guys . Cool . 


