B:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group . Um <other> I'll briefly go through the uh notes of the of the last meeting uh just done in in note form and I haven't attributed anything to individuals , because we're working strictly as a team here and uh n nobody's working equally , so uh . Um we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour . 
C:  Sorry . 
A:  Um and and we s we saw that the um what we needed to do was to to make sure the device um controls several items , that switching was easy , that you shouldn't need to point the thing at uh anything in particular , um that it need to be contoured to make it interesting , that the keys might be concave , simply because that hasn't been done before that we know of . Um should have interchangeable fascias so people can personalise it , um illuminated so that people can see it in dark rooms . Um and that people might want it as as  in addition to their existing remote controls . Um <other> and that it sh it should just always work , whenever you uh um mm uh use it . And that it shouldn't be too small , mm that it it gets lost . Um .  Now uh uh I'll shortly ask for for three three presentations . Uh before I do that , however , I will go through some new project requirements that um  the the management have placed on us and uh will be challenging in terms of what we discussed at the first meeting . Um the uh 


A:  the ma the management has had it's own thoughts on this and uh the they don't necessarily agree with with what we uh we thought . Um and and then we'll  as a result of that we will then talk through the the functions that we see the the device um actually b carrying out , and we have uh forty minutes to do this in and I uh  Anyway . Okay . Now , the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet . Um and and they want it only to cover televisions . Um now , what is not q quite clear from their directive is whether they mean th they don't want it to cover teletext or whether they don't want it to cover , you know , videos , D_V_D_s , um satellite boxes , which uh  I mean we saw as being fundamental to the uh to the exercise . The um the actual wording of the directive is that it should cover television only . Um and on that basis um I I think we we need to bear that in mind , um but possibly uh keep at the backs of our minds that the reality that people even when they uh no longer  they don't look at teletext anymore , they certainly do look at other things . Um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours . Um the the logo uh being at b the bottom of the screen there , the the the two R_s in grey against uh a yellow background . Um now this doesn't <other> necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market . But uh do do introduce some some constraints as to how we might do that . Um it also has to be simple , which to some extent goes along w with the first one , and that  we've already said that it must be simple 'cause that's what people want anyway . Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , which um mm <other> uh is is is their choice , but uh um we we need to talk that through . Um okay , so uh after the meeting it'll be summarised and uh 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  um notes sent out and uh etcetera . 


A:  Okay , so <other> we'll first of all mm have individual reports from everybody . Um again I <other>  there is no order of precedence here um so I I I'll leave it up to you to  who who who thinks they would like to go go first ? 
D:  Uh I don't mind .  
A:  P fine . 
D:  Uh can I steal the cable ? 
A:  Oh sorry , you can indeed . 
D:  Cheers . 
A:  <cough> <cough> <other> 
D:  <other> I got a  how do I start there ? 
A:  Oh , if you click on the um uh the one that that looks like a projection screen , no the one to the right of that . That one . 
D:  That one . Cool . Well these are functionality requirements from the  our our guys down in the the research lab . Took hundred people and covered all the aspects of what um is needed by people and what they want to see . Um <other> everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions are  how mu how how often they're used and how much their necessary and stuff . And general opinions about current current remotes . See that , as we kinda noticed , seventy five percent of people find their remote controls ugly . So some kind of a new style should be incorporated that's less ugly <laugh> . Uh along with um looking less ugly , if it looks better , eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it . Which is a a plus for us , if we can make it look better , it'd be uh more cost effective and we can put the price up . Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user . I can empl I kinda take that to mean as um <other> they they don't uh  they , yeah , they only use  they only work for the television or yeah like as in in my flat I've got six remote controls for a stereo system , a digital box , a D_V_D_ player , a video player and T_V_ . If it was uh  I mean th my behaviour is to use multiple things at the same time and multiple remotes aren't really matched well to my behaviour . <laugh> Uh again , seventy five percent is  seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot . I took to mean that they just  they use it a lot , they use it regularly rather than standing up and manually change channels or volume  . <other> And uh yeah , uh I think the big issue is fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons , 'cause uh wh if we got a remote that like  well we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext , but uh oh and we're going to see uh on the  uh that some of the functions like audio settings aren't h hardly ever used and used very  aren't considered relevant by the user . So I think maybe fewer buttons , which also make the design look sleeker , I dunno . Uh um yeah and uh frustrations of like people losing remote control . I dunno maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the T_V_ or maybe that's b it would have to incorporate  , but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  Maybe like it'll beep or something . And um , yep , the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is  Uh don't want to make it too complicated , easy to use for uh new  like first time users and stuff . And uh repetitive strain injury , I suppose we should make it more comfortable and make ma possibly even use  have to make it , yeah , fewer buttons , like I was saying about the whole mice  the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable . Maybe don't even have to hold it as such . 
A:  Mm . Gosh , must be some telly addicts out there if they get R_S_I_ from their television remote , is all I can say . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  But uh yeah . It also asked um if we would  if people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would . 
A:  <cough>  
D:  And uh there was another section on our  on the report for uh L_C_D_ displays , but the data wasn't there , so . I don't actually know what the results for that were , so . <laugh> May be incrementally emitting , but yeah . 
A:  Mm . Right . Mm . Yeah , I must say that um the uh  I c can't remember what <other> um f you know phone service I was using the other day , but that had sorta speech recognition which worked uh remarkably well , so that is indeed a uh um 
D:  And uh <laugh> it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you  <laugh> 
A:  a thought and it it cuts out uh  I was was gonna say , you can't get a lot of R_S_I_ , j just get jaw ache . Okay , sorry . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah , um  oh yeah , so possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design . Oh , I've got some other things I couldn't fit onto this presentation . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  Um . You see this okay ? Almost  no ? It's  sorry it's a bit  . I'll read out to you . Uh functionality , uh like people's opinions on functionality , the relevance to the remote and how often they're used . So um like the power . Using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on T_V_ is a high relevance of nine , but it's not frequently used . You see what I mean ? Whereas channel selection , which is very high relevance is used the most . So m we can maybe even start to cut down on  or I was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use . Maybe like uh a folding ledge or something . So that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings , which are low relevance and rarely used . And keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily  


A:  Um <laugh> given that we've already had a extensive discussion uh  <laugh> . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <other> 
C:  Okay well , I can do mine . 
B:  Hmm . 
D:  Do you want the cable ? 
C:  Yeah , let's see if I can make this work . Um . 
B:  Oh , you have to hit like function and F_ something . 
C:  Oh . 
D:  F_ eight . 
B:  F_ eight . 
C:  Is it doing  
B:  <laugh> Dunno . 
D:  Uh , give it about twenty seconds , or so . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Ah , there we go . <cough> 
B:  Oh yeah , it's going . 
C:  Oh okay . <other> Okay , so this is just about the technical functions . So the method , I looked online for examples of other similar products and then just kind of was trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas and um identify what the necessary things are , what people are  what you really wanna have a remote control do . Um and then there are two different kinds that I found . There's a user centred one and an engineering centred one which I will have pictures of and then we kinda have to decide which one this should be . 
A:  Alright . Mm-hmm . 
C:  <other> So these are the two different ones . This one um  this is the user centred , it has uh quite a few mm uh um fewer buttons and then this is the engineering centred , which has a lot more buttons , and probably this is one that people complain about , about having too many buttons that you don't use . So basically , what a remote control is is you  it's to send messages to the television set , you know , turn on , off , switch the channels and the volume and things such as that . And so for this product it's gonna be television only , and then it has to have the uh logos 
D:  <cough> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  for the company and the colours . And so , for my personal preferences , I think this one is easier to use and has quite a  you know , fewer buttons . Um we want something that sends messages easily to the television and I was kind of wondering about this example that they have . It looks kind of narrow at the top , and I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top , then that would be easier . 
A:  Mm , yeah . 
C:  Um <other> and so we have to decide what's gonna make our product different . E the unique style , maybe have it light up so it's visible in the dark , um the changeable face-plates , and the lighting up and visible I was  when we were talking about havi losing it , maybe to have a button on the television that you press and it  maybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that , so it's easier to find if someone has hidden under the couch or something like that . So that's my presentation . Yeah . 
A:  Okay , can I um  I'm actually gonna use the um  it's gonna cause great technical problems over here . I'm actually gonna use the  
C:  F they probably clip to you . 
B:  Oh yeah , they might be movable . Oh yeah , they're all  they're not connected to anything on the table , you just leave 'em on and walk around with 'em . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Yes , rather than the uh the the traditional  in fact , um I won't even go that far . Um something like this shape , you know , sort of something that you can  that's sort of a more vertical shape , um that you you sort of hold in your hand , um , well I'm trying to think uh uh uh l uh l such as  I mean um something you hold up like that , possibly with a couple of buttons like that , but with the the entire top with the , you know , the uh the infrared or whatever source . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Uh so that you know , it's flying off in all directions , so that uh um uh <other> again the  n need to look at the the the technicalities of um 
B:  Mm . <laugh> 
A:  actually achieving that in terms of whether the , you know , the power requirements of the uh  such a source , um you know , compromise the  our our need for uh you know , it it being um mm permanently uh you know , available . Uh whether whether different technology  um I mean th all all these remotes are presumably infrared , and like they have been for a long time . Uh we we possibly need to be looking at at at something different , um you know , short range , not like the old uh radio remote controls where you'd change next door's telly when you change yours . Um 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  but uh uh I think basically i if we're going for  i if minimum number of buttons is our priority , then we should , as I say , r know , really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum , you know , possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off . Um and nothing else . <other> Um so that it can al it could uh almost end up like that , but again , except that um  you know the risk of losing it . Um anyway okay um so Kate , wh what are your uh your thoughts on this ? 
B:  Yes , mm .  
C:  Oh . 
B:  Which one does this plug into ? 
C:  Hmm I think it's all there . 
B:  That one . 
C:  H 
B:  <other> I can't  did you   could you see it on you screen when it  
C:  Oh yeah . That's kind of strange . 
B:  <fricative exhalation indicating displeasure> 


B:  That's not cool . <laugh> Oh well . Anyways . Um alright , yeah , so um I'll just do my presentation on the working design uh . <other> Oh there we go . Okay um just at the m yeah the whole sort of method of how the remote control works . Uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system , the the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ player or whatever . Um and it does this uh by  well , you need  to start off you need an energy source <other> and this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip and the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages uh within the remote um which will then be sent to the uh the television , the D_V_D_ to tell that what to do . Um and you need a user interface , which controls the chip and thus the messages and uh the user interface is  that's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it . Um  
D:  <cough> <cough> 
B:  Oh shoot . Okay . Uh just general findings . Uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source , <other> uh some sort of user interface , which I think we've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that . Um a circuit chip within that to uh control and send the messages and um a sender and receiver . And um  oops . Uh-huh . This is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for . Uh this just kinda represents the energy source which feeds into the circuit chip uh which maybe then we could have that feed into a switch which would send signals f to um <other> a subcomponent and on to a light bulb between  so it'll light up once we start  once you start pressing buttons . Um also send signals to the um infrared bulb , which will be the part that actually  <other> what ? Sends signals to the the television . And then you've got your happy little T_V_ watcher there . 
D:  Hmm . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  And so my personal preferences  I I just think we need sorta big uh energy source that won't die out , uh perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery or a battery dock you could place it in , so it'd constantly be charged , so you wouldn't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you . Uh a wide range uh sender-receiver , so that you can hit the buttons from basically anywhere in the room , and the channel'll still be changed . Uh also definitely a user-friendly interface <other> um and I think we've all sort of mentioned adding a a locating device on it , so when it does get stuck under the couch cushions , as they inevitably do , you can find them easily . And that's pretty much it . 
A:  Okay . 




A:  Okay , so uh we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting , thank you very much indeed . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Cool . 
C:  <laugh> 


