C:  Well we've made our prototype anyway . 
D:  You pass it round to have a look . 
C:  Y no , it's a slightly curved around the sides . <laugh> 
C:  Um , it's almost curved like up to the main display as well . 
C:  And the little line at the bottom indicates the bit  the panel that you pull down . 
C:  And the extra function buttons are below that panel on the little line . 
B:  We also have a apple slash cherry design at the top . 
D:  Cherry would be alright actually . 
C:  Yeah , and cherries are fun , summery . 
B:  For the first time , well it was hard to get the h um the actual labelling on the individual buttons . 
C:  Uh , we just chose simple shapes for all them . 
C:  Um , the important ones are the volume ones . 
C:  So we made them a bit bigger . 
B:  Hum , you separate off in colour the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons , 
B:  so you've got the volume in orange on design there , 
B:  and the the channel is in blue . 
A:  And so when I done my thing on cost <laugh> a  I had assumed that the only uh button that would be a different colour would be the uh the red apple button . 
A:  so uh but there would be a cost implication on that , 
C:  Well the colours wouldn't  like that's  they wouldn't be too important , 
C:  but we didn't have any white Play-Doh . 
B:  Yes , we'll have the slide-away . 
abst_sum - abstract: The first prototype for the remote control was made of single-curved rubber with a total of 16 rubber buttons (some of them in a slide-out panel) with a cherry design on top.

A:  Okay , so , by the fact that we've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we've got a single curved case . We've got a rubber uh case materials supplements . 
B:  I  switching around those th um on the electronics we got the sample sensor . 
abst_sum - abstract: It uses kinetic energy and has a sample sensor for the speech recognition.

D:  So , we've all got a note of  it's thirteen point seven , isn't it , with everything we want on . 
abst_sum - abstract: The initial cost was calculated at 13.70 Euros.

D:  Shall we shall we evaluate the prototype as we've got it now first , 
D:  and then sort of make decisions about what needs to be changed after ? 
abst_sum - abstract: Although over budget, the team decided to evaluate this prototype before making any changes.

D:  and we evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we've formulated . 
D:  <other> And do that on a scale from say true being one and false being seven , 
D:  So , I got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as well , at the end . 
D:  Um so , We have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy . 
D:  Um  The  whether the product demonstrates technical innovation . 
D:  Whether it's easy to use . 
D:  Whether it's incorporating sort of the fashion element to attract the buyer . 
D:  And whether it's a sort of recognisable Real Reaction product . 
D:  And I have to go up onto the whiteboard and do this apparently , 
D:  So the first one is um , does the product look and feel fancy . 
B:  Okay , well we have a single curve , 
B:  Um , then we have the rubber kinda spongy feel , which was in at the time . 
C:  Yeah , I'd maybe give it a a two . 
D:  What  Is one false , or is t one true ? 
C:  One's true . 
D:  So uh say about a two for fancy , 
D:  And I mean , how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation do you reckon ? 
B:  Um ,  deciding between the kinetic power or um the speech recognition , 
B:  and if we had either of those for our budget , they both show a reasonable amount of speech recognition . 
D:  we've got we've got the speech recognition on it , haven't we . 
B:  So it says if we make a slightly more fancy , then we lose points innovation , 
B:  and if we make it more innovative innovative , then we lose points on it being fancy , so  
A:  would go for a one on that at this point in time . Um 
A:  , incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer . Well 
C:  it's got the cherry and the sponginess . 
D:  Say about a three maybe ? 
A:  product is a recognisable real  r uh  reaction product ? <other> 
A:  woulda said two would seem reasonable . The 
B:  and it's got a fairly big label on the bottom saying where it comes from . 
D:  <other> So this is about sort of the corporate image of like new sort of sleek technology and all that sort of thing , as well as having the logo on and all that . 
A:  Two . Right 
C:  But um , I think the logo would definitely be recognisable . 
C:  What does  what do all them numbers mean then ? 
C:  Do we add them up and rate  or anything ? 
D:  I think we sort of add them up so sort of at an average is gonna be  
D:  I'm just gonna do this in my head . 
D:  One point eight isn't it or something . 
D:  So yeah , pretty close to a two . 
D:  So it's  I mean it's pretty good at the moment , 
D:  but it's gonna get worse , isn't it . 
B:  So  decide we've lost a little bit on the fashion 
B:  and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it , 
A:  . So you'd maybe put fash fan uh fashion at three rather than two . Real 
B:  so that's like if that's the new age kind of um inno innovative c type company , then um having the kinetic feature and the voice recognition is p quite high up on  
B:  So maybe in a sense not having that , maybe we've lost some  maybe lost something on the innovation side ? 
A:   the main thing we've changed really is the casing isn't it ? We've 
D:  So maybe in terms of sort of fanciness and fashionability , we're pretty much the same , maybe . 
D:  So , I mean we could maybe put two again on them . 
D:  And what about the sort of innovation ? 
B:  Um , well we've still got the kinetic energy . Um  
A:  the speech feature . How 
B:  But I think more the the features of the actual control will be more important than maybe than the the actual aesthetics , but  
C:  Shouldn't we maybe lose a point on fashion , 
C:  go to a three ? 
D:  Well , but I think we said that w Because you got rid of the rubber , we put an extra an extra sort of fruit um shape on one of the buttons . 
D:  well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh> 
B:  <other> As an overall product which has to be quite cheap , we've just about achieved everything . 
abst_sum - abstract: On a scale from 1 (true) to 7 (false) they rated it on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design (2), technological innovation (2), ease of use (1), incorporation of fashion elements (2), and brand recognition (2).

A:  you have a in plastic rather than rubber , then that would uh enable you to get  you could keep kinetic then , you could keep your sample sensor , and 
B:  which gets us um  In  right within the budget range . 
B:  and then we could make sure we definitely had all the button supplements . 
D:  Yeah , I was I was thinking that because maybe maybe the sort of rubber case is a bit less in sort of the corporate identity than the sort of you know sleeker plastic case . 
A:  we're going for plastic , yes ? Yep 
B:  Oh actually we just have a plastic case , then we lose two points , 
B:   we've got nought point eight left , 
A:  , we've got special form . Now 
A:  that would be one button , and 
A:  the question was was that all buttons or is that just one button . 'Cause 
A:  our plan really was to have one button only with a special  So 
B:  I guess we'd have the ones which are blue at the moment would would just be the standard colour . 
A:  , special colour , you want three in there . Okay 
D:  Well I thin I think you you you just need two for the special colour 
D:  One original colour and then sort of two supplements , I think maybe . 
B:  Maybe that'll be a second supplement . 
C:  the volume ones should stand out a bit . 
A:  were making these buttons down the bottom , I was presuming , bigger than the other ones , or 
A:  we've got special form <cough> is the one apple . The 
B:  Then there's a spe a second special form . 
B:  Yeah , that's twelve point three , 
B:  So I think that should still be okay . 
A:  , in this one , you've actually got three colours of buttons . Well 
D:  we've got point two to play with if you really wanted to . 
A:  , we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour . So 
abst_sum - abstract: Changing the rubber case to plastic reduced the cost and allowed for an extra button-form and colour.

A:  we're now on to project process . Now 
A:  satisfaction with , for example , room for creativity , leadership , teamwork , means , et cetera , whiteboard , digital pens , et cetera . So 
A:  suppose the easiest way of doing it is to put some notes down , which 
A:  I will do . So 
A:  you feel you got a chance to express yourselves <other> well enough ? Well 
D:  I thought some of the divisions though between sort of the individual meetings were a bit arbitrary . 
D:  Well , we were finding out various things in <other> in be in-between the meetings , 
D:  and they didn't  the one meeting didn't always follow on for the other one , you know , 
D:  sort of  we had things thrown in at the second meeting where , you know , you'd looked at the remote controls and seen the curviness , but in the first one you'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons , 
D:  and I don't understand why it would be in separate meetings that you'd do that . 
A:  only thing you find is in a manufacturing process , you would  normally , you go to a meeting , you decide , right , you do this , you do that , you do that . Then 
A:  you go away . You 
A:  find out information . You 
A:  then come back . You 
A:  then discuss it . You 
A:  Whereas , this time , you're really getting it from a database source , so 
A:  do you want to put down ? <laugh> 
A:  , seemed okay . Um 
A:  um flow of information on on any given subject  given subject um sometimes disjointed . <other> Um 
C:  I think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project . 
B:  It was quite good with this um  the white board , having that and the digital pens . 
A:  how do you reckon teamwork went ? To 
D:  That went okay , yeah . 
B:  I guess we all had separate ideas and then discussed them . 
A:  uh go uh reasonably well . Okay 
abst_sum - abstract: The team were reasonably satisfied with the project in terms of teamwork and creativity, although they thought that the flow of information was sometimes disjointed.

C:  I think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project . 
C:  I mean a remote control isn't the most um kind of fancy thing that you could imagine designing . 
D:  But  think like it was a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control , in a way . 
D:  I mean this one seems  . From the website it looks  it's quite innovative , 
D:  <other> I don't think sort of the budget um allowed us to do anything  
A:   bit arbitrary . <laugh> Mm-hmm 
D:  Well , I mean I don't think it  I just don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products . 
abst_sum - abstract: However, the idea of designing a remote control seemed unexciting, especially since the requirements restricted it to TV only, and the budget was too small.

D:   we did find a new idea , 
D:  I mean sort of a kinetic remote control . 
B:   voice recognition , especially not  could  
A:  got voice recognition computers , that's 
A:  not remote controls . Mm-hmm 
B:  Yeah , so it's just like the same products , but just put together in a different way . 
A:  ideas found , so one or two .  
D:  Kinetic powered remote control . Um , 
C:  Voice um recognition thing . 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, some new ideas were also found in the form of kinetic energy source and use of speech recognition.

A:  , don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary . Then 
D:  I think that we've got two questionnaires 
D:  and a report on the last meeting . 
abst_sum - action: The team have two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting to complete before they finish.

C:  Y no , it's a slightly curved around the sides . <laugh> 
D:  Cherry would be alright actually . 
B:  We also have a apple slash cherry design at the top . 
C:  Yeah , and cherries are fun , summery . 
C:  And did we make it a cherry officially ? 
A:  . I 
A:  Okay , so , by the fact that we've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we've got a single curved case . We've got a rubber uh case materials supplements . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be single-curved with a cherry design on top.

A:  we're going for plastic , yes ? Yep 
abst_sum - decisions: The case will be made of plastic.

A:  , we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour . So 
C:  I think if they were just all small round blue buttons , it'd be fine . 
abst_sum - decisions: The buttons will be made of rubber mostly in a light blue colour.

D:  well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh> 
abst_sum - decisions: However, volume and channel buttons will be different from the rest.

D:  <other> Yeah , I mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something , maybe . <laugh> 
D:  well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh> 
abst_sum - decisions: Volume buttons will be lemon-shaped and coloured.

None
abst_sum - decisions: A slide-out panel with extra buttons for less-used functions is included.

None
abst_sum - decisions: The buttons in this panel will all be in the standard blue colour.

A:  Okay , so , by the fact that we've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we've got a single curved case . We've got a rubber uh case materials supplements . 
abst_sum - decisions: A simple chip is going to support the electronics of the device.

A:  the speech feature . How 
abst_sum - decisions: A sample sensor was included to add speech recognition.

B:  Um , well we've still got the kinetic energy . Um  
abst_sum - decisions: The remote is going to be powered by kinetic energy.

B:  So  decide we've lost a little bit on the fashion 
B:  and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it , 
C:  How much of a difference would it make if we made the case in plastic ? 
C:  If the buttons are rubber that might be spongy enough . 
A:  we're going for plastic , yes ? Yep 
D:  <other> Lose a little bit on the fashion , yeah , but  
abst_sum - problems: After changing the case material from rubber to plastic, it was debated that the loss of sponginess does affect the fancy appeal and trendiness of the remote.

C:  it's got the cherry and the sponginess . 
D:   And that would sort of maybe keep us close on the sort of the fashion type one . 
D:  Maybe other ones could be something else shaped . 
D:  So it's w if we've if we've put in for another special form on a button , then maybe they could be <other> a different shape . 
D:  <other> Yeah , I mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something , maybe . <laugh> 
abst_sum - problems: On the other hand, it was argued that the special colours and form compensated for that.

A:  , but you've got the company logo on there , which 
A:  would effectively be a stick-on badge . So 
D:  Whether whether that's considered to be sort of part of the corporate identity , I don't know . <laugh> 
abst_sum - problems: The team were not certain to what extent the prototype satisfied recognisability of the corporate identity.

D:  Did you get told what the company colour is or  
B:  I'm still not quite sure we've established that . 
A:  so long as our company's logo is framed w in the same way as that with a like a black outline . Fact 
A:  basically , even if you had a silver  <other> the same colour of silver on your display , because you've got effectively a double edging on the uh on the logo , it means that it splits off what your logo is from the from the product . And 
abst_sum - problems: They were not certain what the colour of the company logo should be and how the logo should be displayed.

