B:  But um , and hopefully all sidetracking um , other things will have disappeared , soon . 
B:  OK . 
B:  You know how to toggle the display width  function  
B:  Yo . 
B:  Um , 
B:  uh in a  in a smaller group we had uh , talked and decided about continuation of the data collection . 
B:  So Fey 's time with us is almost officially over , 
B:  and she brought us some thirty subjects and , t collected the data , 
B:  and ten dialogues have been transcribed 
B:  and can be looked at . 
B:  If you 're interested in that , talk to me . 
B:  Um , and we found another uh , cogsci student who 's interested in playing wizard for us . 
B:  Here we 're gonna make it a little bit more complicated for the subjects , uh this round . 
B:  She 's actually suggested to look um , at the psychology department students , 
B:  because they have to partake in two experiments in order to fulfill some requirements . 
B:  So they have to be subjected , <breath-laugh>  before they can actually graduate . 
B:  And um , 
B:  we want to design it so that they really have to think about having some time , 
B:  two days , for example , 
B:  to plan certain things and figure out which can be done at what time , 
B:  and , 
B:  um , sort of package the whole thing in a  in a re in a few more complicated um , structure . 
B:  That 's for the data collection . 
B:  As for SmartKom , I 'm  the last SmartKom meeting I mentioned that we have some problems with the synthesis , 
B:  which as of this morning should be resolved . 
B:  And , so , 
B:  " should be " means they aren't yet , 
B:  but  but I think I have the info now that I need . 
B:  Plus , Johno and I are meeting tomorrow , 
B:  so maybe uh uh , when tomorrow is over , we 're done . 
B:  And ha n hav we 'll never have to look at it again 
B:  Maybe it 'll take some more time , 
B:  to be realistic , 
B:  but at least we 're  we 're seeing the end of the tunnel there . 
B:  That was that . 
B:  Um , 
B:  the uh , 
B:  uh I don't think we need to discuss the formalism 
B:  that 'll be done officially s once we 're done . 
B:  Um , 
B:  something happened , in  on Eva 's side with the PRM that we 're gonna look at today , 
B:  and um , 
B:  we have a visitor from Bruchsal from the International University . 
B:  Andreas , I think you 've met everyone except Nancy . 
B:  Hi . Hi . 
B:  And , um , 
B:  Andy , you actually go by Andy , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  Eh  
B:  That will be  Reuter ? 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  So my scientific director of the EML is also the dean of the International University , 
B:  one of his many occupations that just contributes to the fact that he is very occupied . 
B:  And , um , 
B:  the  
B:  um , he @ @ might tell us a little bit about what he 's actually doing , 
B:  and why it is s somewhat related , 
B:  and  by uh using maybe some of the same technologies that we are using . 
B:  And um . Was that enough of an update ? 
B:  In what order shall we proceed ? 
B:  Maybe you have your on - line  
B:  Um - hmm , um , <outbreath> well , first of all uh , uh , great looks , mu much cleaner , 
B:  nnn , nnn , 
B:  Certain  certain beauty in it , 
B:  so , um , if beauty is truth , then , uh we 're in good shape . 
B:  But , 
B:  the um , 
B:  as , uh , mentioned before we probably should look at t the details . 
B:  So if you have a write - up then uh , I 'd love to read it 
B:  and uh  
B:  because , um , 
B:  i Can you go all the way back to the  the very top ? 
B:  Um , <outbreath> uh these  @ @  these  w w when these are instantiated they take on the same values ? that we had before ? 
B:  or are they  have they changed , in a sense ? 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  And the , uh , other question I would have is that presumably , from the way the Stanford people talk about it , you can put the probabilities also on the relations . 
B:  If  
B:  It 's sort of in the definition or  in the  in Daphne 's definition of a PRM 
B:  is that classes and relations , 
B:  and you 're gonna have CPT 's over the classes and their relations . 
B:  More uncertainty , or  or  
B:  I should say . 
B:  Yeah , that would be exactly my question . 
B:  Well  
B:  Yep . 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Then I think the w <clears throat> long term perspective is  is pretty clear . 
B:  We get rocking and rolling on this again , once we get a package , 
B:  if , when , and how , 
B:  then this becomes foregrounded 
B:  profiled , 
B:  focused , again . 
B:  And um , 
B:  until then we 'll come up with a something that 's  @ @  that 's way more complicated for you . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Because this was laughingly easy , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Well that 's not  not even something humans  
B:  yeah . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  But what does it  uh  Would a pote potential result be to  to split up and never talk to each other again ? 
B:  You know . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Good . Then , we can move on and see what Andreas has got out his sleeve . 
B:  Or Andy , for that matter ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , in a  in one  t one s mmm , small difference in a  in a way , is that he doesn't have to come up with an answer , 
B:  but he wants to point to the places w w 
B:  Well . Uh , you have to s still m understand what the content says about itself , and then match it to what you think the informational needs  
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Remember the uh , Prashant story ? 
B:  The absolutely no  no linguistic background person that the IU sent over here . 
B:  And Andreas and I tried to come up wi or we had come up actually with a eh  with him working on an interface for FrameNet , as it was back then , that would p do some of the work for this machine , 
B:  which uh , never got done because Prashant found a happy occupation 
B:  which in the  
B:  Absolutely . Yeah . 
B:  But so  I 'm just saying , the uh , we had that idea 
B:  uh to  to exploit FrameNet there as well . 
B:  And um . 
B:  And Srini 's doing information extraction also , 
B:  right ? 
B:  with that FrameNet base . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Uh it 's in the program ? 
B:  You are being recorded right now , so beware . 
B:  Who ? 
B:  I can take you to his office . 
B:  It 's just around the corner . 
B:  Yeah . I 'm sure . 
B:  I have um  I think it was November two thousand three or some  
B:  No . Wh - I had something in my calendar . 
B:  Um , 
B:  Uh well , maybe I can  I can bribe my way out of this . 
B:  So . 
B:  So I did some double checking 
B:  and it seems like spring break in two thousand <laugh> one . 
B:  No . 
B:  This uh  Oh , they refused the budget again ? 
B:  Is it  so about CITRIS ? 
B:  Yeah , still nothing . 
B:  OK . So I  I did manage to get  pull my head out of the sling by sidetracking into CITRIS , 
B:  but uh or  a temporarily putting it out of the sling 
B:  but , I  I 'll volunteer to put it right back in by stating that I am n uh among some other things in the process of writing up stuff that we have been discussing at our daily meetings , 
B:  and also revising , 
B:  thanks for all the comments , 
B:  the c the original construal proposal . 
B:  And , if I put one and one together , I may end up with a number that 's greater than one and that I  I can potentially present once you get back . 
B:  Nnn .  s sometimes , you know the sum is not uh less than the  
B:  Absolutely . Yeah . 
B:  But um , and hopefully all sidetracking um , other things will have disappeared , soon . 
