B:  OK . I guess we 're done . 
B:  OK 
B:  So 
B:  uh today we 're looking at a number of uh things we 're trying 
B:  and uh fortunately for listeners to this uh we lost some of it 's visual 
B:  but um got tables in front of us . 
B:  Um what is  what does combo mean ? 
B:  Um so let me try to restate this and see if I have it right . 
B:  There is uh  there is the features uh there 's the OGI features and then um those features um go through a contextual  uh 
B:  l l let 's take this bottom arr one pointed to by the bottom arrow . 
B:  Um those features go through a contextualized KLT . 
B:  Then these features also uh get um low - pass filtered 
B:  Sure . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , that 's good . 
B:  So 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Three , OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Aha ! 
B:  aha ! 
B:  Yeah ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No , the KLT . 
B:  And those two together . 
B:  That 's it . 
B:  OK so that 's  that 's this bottom one . 
B:  And so uh and then the  the  the one at the top  
B:  and I presume these things that uh are in yellow are in yellow because overall they 're the best ? 
B:  Oh let 's focus on them then 
B:  so what 's the block diagram for the one above it ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Do you e um they mentioned  made some  uh when I was on the phone with Sunil they  they mentioned some weighting scheme that was used to evaluate all of these numbers . 
B:  Um and we don't have the TI - digits part yet ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  And so have you put all these numbers together into a single number representing that ? 
B:  I mean not  
B:  OK so that should be pretty easy to do and that would be good  
B:  then we could compare the two and say what was better . 
B:  Um and how does this compare to the numbers  
B:  oh so OGI two is just the top  top row ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh OK so the one  one place where it looks like we 're messing things up a bit is in the highly mismatched Italian . 
B:  An 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Now up 
B:  Uh so one of the ideas that you had mentioned last time was having a  a second um silence detection . 
B:  So filt is what that is ? 
B:  Oh we can't do it . 
B:  Oh OK . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Too bad . 
B:  Good idea , but can't do it . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So 
B:  Alright so for now at least that 's not there 
B:  you have some results with low - pass filter cepstrum 
B:  doesn't have a huge effect but it  but it looks like it you know maybe could help in a couple places . 
B:  Uh little bit . 
B:  Um and um um 
B:  Yeah 
B:  and uh let 's see 
B:  What else did we have in there ? 
B:  Uh I guess it makes a l um at this point this is 
B:  I  I guess I should probably look at these others a little bit 
B:  uh And you  you yellowed these out 
B:  uh but uh uh 
B:  Oh I see yeah that  that one you can't use because of the delay . 
B:  Those look pretty good . 
B:  Um let 's see that one 
B:  Well even the  just the  the second row doesn't look that bad right ? 
B:  That 's just uh 
B:  yeah ? 
B:  And  and that looks like an interesting one too . 
B:  Uh 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah so when we do this weighted measure we should compare the two cuz it might even come out better . 
B:  And it 's  it 's  it 's a little  slightly simpler . 
B:  So  so there 's  so I  I would put that one also as a  as a maybe . 
B:  Uh and it  
B:  yeah and it 's actually <laugh> does  does significantly better on the uh uh highly mismatched Italian , 
B:  so s 
B:  and little worse on the mis on the MM case , 
B:  but 
B:  uh Well yeah it 's worse than a few things 
B:  so uh let 's see how that c that c c see how that comes out on their  their measure 
B:  and  are  are we running this uh for TI - digits 
B:  or uh 
B:  Now is TI di  is is that part of the result that they get for the uh development  th the results that they 're supposed to get at the end of  end of the month , the TI - digits are there also ? 
B:  Oh OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  And see what else there is here . 
B:  Um Oh I see  
B:  the one  I was looking down here at the  the o the row below the lower yellowed one . 
B:  Uh that 's uh that 's with the reduced uh KLT size  reduced dimensionality . 
B:  What happens there is it 's around the same 
B:  and so you could reduce the dimension as you were saying before a bit perhaps . 
B:  It 's significantly worse  
B:  it 's  it 's uh it 's  it 's mostly worse . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But it is little . 
B:  I mean not  not by a huge amount , 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  What are  what are the sizes of any of these sets , 
B:  I  I 'm  I 'm sure you told me before , but I 've forgotten . 
B:  So  you know how many words are in uh one of these test sets ? 
B:  About ? 
B:  So the  so the sets  so the test sets are between five hundred and two thousand sentences , let 's say 
B:  and each sentence on the average has four or five digits 
B:  or is it  most of them longer or 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right , so between one and sixteen . 
B:  See the  I mean the reason I 'm asking is  is  is we have all these small differences and I don't know how seriously to take them , right ? 
B:  So uh i if  if you had uh just you know  to give an example , if you had uh um if you had a thousand words then uh a  a tenth of a percent would just be one word , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So  so it wouldn't mean anything . 
B:  Oh 
B:  um so um yeah it be kind of  I 'd kind of like to know what the sizes of these test sets were actually . 
B:  Yeah since these  
B:  well also just to know the numbers , 
B:  right . 
B:  So these  these are word error rates 
B:  so this is on how many words . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah 
B:  so anyway if you could just mail out what those numbers are and then  then  that  that be great . 
B:  Um <laugh> what else is there here ? 
B:  Um see the second  second from the bottom it says SIL , 
B:  but this is some different kind of silence or thing or  
B:  what was that ? 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Uh - huh , uh - huh . 
B:  The silence plus the KLT output ? 
B:  Oh so you 're only using the silence . 
B:  No . 
B:  I see . 
B:  OK . 
B:  And what  and what 's OGI forty - five ? 
B:  The bottom one there ? 
B:  S 
B:  Right , but I mean what 's the  what does the last row mean ? 
B:  I thought that was the one  I thought that was the second row . 
B:  So what 's the difference between the second 
B:  Oh . 
B:  So this is like the second line but with  with the combo stuff . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK , so  
B:  alright 
B:  so it looks to me  I guess the same  
B:  given that we have to take the filt ones out of the  the running because of this delay problem  so it looks to me like the ones you said I agree are  are the ones to look at 
B:  but I just would add the  the  the second row one 
B:  and then um if we can um 
B:  oh yeah also when  when they 're using this weighting scheme of forty , thirty - five , twenty - five is that on the percentages or on the raw errors ? 
B:  I guess it 's probably on the percentages right ? 
B:  Yeah OK . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Maybe  maybe they 'll argue about it . 
B:  Um OK 
B:  so if we can know what  how many words are in each 
B:  and then um Dave uh Dave promised to get us something tomorrow which will be there as far as they 've gotten <laugh> Friday 
B:  and then we 'll operate with that 
B:  and uh how long did it 
B:  I guess if we 're not doing all these things  if we 're only doing um 
B:  um I guess since this is development data it 's legitimate to do more than one , 
B:  right ? 
B:  I mean ordinarily if  in final test data you don't want to do several and  and take the best 
B:  that 's  that 's  that 's not proper 
B:  but if this is development data we could still look at a couple . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I 
B:  Right . 
B:  But the question is when  when do we fix the system , 
B:  do we fix the system uh tomorrow or do we fix the system on Tuesday ? 
B:  I  Yeah , OK except that we do have to write it up . 
B:  Also , so 
B:  Um 
B:  Right 
B:  so maybe what we do is we  we  we uh as soon as we get the data from them we start the training and so forth 
B:  but we start the write - up right away because as you say there  there 's only minor differences between these . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , and  and I  I would  you know , I would  I 'd kind of like to see it 
B:  maybe I can  I can edit it a bit 
B:  uh sure . 
B:  The  my  what in this si i in this situation is my forte which is English . 
B:  Uh so 
B:  uh H yeah . 
B:  Have y have you seen alt d do they have a format for how they want the system descriptions or anything ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah ? 
B:  Uh I see . 
B:  Yes , for those who are listening to this and not looking at it uh it 's not really that impressive , it 's just tiny . 
B:  It 's all these little categories set a , set b , set c , multi - condition , clean . 
B:  Uh No mitigation . 
B:  Wow . 
B:  Do you know what no  what no mitigation means here ? 
B:  Oh that 's probably the  
B:  this is probably channel error stuff 
B:  huh ? 
B:  Oh this is i right , it says right above here channel  channel error resilience , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  So recognition performance is just the top part , actually . 
B:  Uh and they have  yes , split between seen databases and non - seen so basically between development and  and evaluation . 
B:  And <clears throat> so  
B:  right , 
B:  it 's presumed there 's all sorts of tuning that 's gone on on the see what they call seen databases 
B:  and there won't be tuning for the uh unseen . 
B:  Multi - condition  multi - condition . 
B:  So they have  looks like they have 
B:  uh uh 
B:  so they splitting up between the TI - digits and everything else , I see . 
B:  So the everything else is the SpeechDat - Car , that 's the multi multilingual 
B:  Well , it is . 
B:  It is , 
B:  but there 's also  there 's these tables over here for the  for the TI - digits and these tables over here for the car data 
B:  which is  which is I guess all the multilingual stuff 
B:  and then uh there 's  they also split up between multi - condition and clean only . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So we 're doing that also , I guess . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Well anyway , sounds like there 'll be a lot to do just to <laugh> work with our partners to fill out the tables <laugh> over the next uh next few days 
B:  I guess they have to send it out  
B:  let 's see the thirty - first is uh uh Wednesday 
B:  and I think the  it has to be there by some hour uh European time on Wednesday 
B:  so <laugh> I think basically 
B:  E excuse me ? 
B:  Yes , so I mean  I think we have to actually get it done Tuesday 
B:  right 
B:  because I  I think 
B:  uh Uh 
B:  yeah well . 
B:  W i is but is  is it midni I thought it was actually something like five PM on  
B:  was like  I thought it was five PM or something , 
B:  I didn't think it was midnight . 
B:  I thought they said they wanted everything by 
B:  well , so five PM their time is  is  
B:  if 
B:  three PM . 
B:  Alright , that 's six in the morning here . 
B:  Yes , yes , but I didn't think it was midnight that it was due , 
B:  I thought it was due at some hour during the day like five PM or something . 
B:  In which case 
B:  so I  I  uh well we should look 
B:  but my assumption is that we basically have to be done Tuesday . 
B:  Um so then next Thursday we can sort of have a little aftermath 
B:  but then  then we 'll actually have the new data which is the German and the Danish 
B:  but that really will be much less work because uh the system will be fixed 
B:  so all we 'll do is take whatever <laugh> they have and  and uh and run it through the process . 
B:  Uh we won't be changing the training on anything 
B:  so there 'll be no new training , there 'll just be new HTK runs , 
B:  so that 's means in some sense we can kind of relax from this after  after Tuesday 
B:  and  and uh maybe next meeting we can start talking a little bit about where we want to go from here uh in terms of uh the research . 
B:  Um you know what things uh did you think of when you were uh doing this process that uh you just didn't really have time to adequately work on 
B:  uh uh so 
B:  What ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  But they 're ideas . 
B:  Yeah ? 
B:  Oh , that was good . 
B:  And  and uh also it 's still true that uh I think it 's true that  that we  we at least got fairly consistent i improved results by running uh the uh neural net transformation in parallel with the features 
B:  rather than uh in sequence which was  was your suggestion and that  that  that seems to have been borne out . 
B:  The fact that none of these are  are  you know , enormous is  is  is not too surprising  
B:  most improvements aren't enormous 
B:  and <laugh> uh 
B:  some of them are 
B:  but uh I mean you have something really really wrong <laugh> and you fix it <laugh> you can get big and really enormous improvements 
B:  but <laugh> uh <laugh> um Cuz our best improvements over the years that we 've gotten from finding bugs , 
B:  but 
B:  Anyway 
B:  OK 
B:  well I  I think  I see where we are and everybody knows what they 're doing and is there  is there anything else we should talk about 
B:  or  or  are we done ? 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Yeah , I mean that would be pretty low maintenance to try it . 
B:  Uh if you can fit it in . 
B:  Oh I have  yeah I do have one other piece of information which uh I should tell people outside of this group too 
B:  uh I don't know if we 're gonna need it uh but uh Jeff up at the uh University of Washington has uh gotten a hold of a uh uh some kind of server farm of uh of ten uh uh multiprocessor uh IBM machines RS six thousands 
B:  and  and uh so I think each one is four processors or something or  I don't know , eight hundred megahertz or something 
B:  and there 's four processors in a box and there 's ten boxes and there 's some kind of ti 
B:  so if  you know he 's got a lot of processing power 
B:  and um 
B:  we 'd have to schedule it 
B:  but if we have some big jobs and we wanna  wanna  wanna run them he 's  he 's offering it . 
B:  So . 
B:  It 's uh 
B:  when he was here eh uh he  he used i not only every machine here but every machine on campus as far as I could tell , 
B:  so  
B:  so in some ways he just got his payback , 
B:  but uh again I  I don't know if we 'll end up with  if we 're gonna be CPU limited on anything that we 're doing in this group 
B:  but  but if  if we are that 's an offer . 
B:  OK 
B:  well uh you guys doing great stuff so that 's  that  that 's really neat 
B:  and uh 
B:  we 'll uh uh g don't think we need to uh 
B:  um Oh well the other thing I guess that I will say is that uh the digits that we 're gonna record momentarily is starting to get  are starting to get into a pretty good size collection 
B:  and um in addition to the SpeechDat stuff we will have those to work with really pretty soon now 
B:  so that 's  that 's another source of data . 
B:  Um which is s under somewhat better control and that we can  we can make measurements of the room 
B:  the  uh that  you know if we feel there 's other measurements we don't have that we 'd like to have we can make them 
B:  and 
B:  uh Dave and I were just talking about that a little while ago 
B:  so uh that 's another  another possibility for this  this kind of work . 
B:  K , uh if nobody has anything else maybe we should go around do  do our digits  do our digits duty . 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK I 'll start . 
B:  Uh , let me say that again . 
B:  OK . I guess we 're done . 
