A:  Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product , on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control , 

A:  the new project requirements , 

A:  but we should not um support teletext in the remote , 

A:  Um the remote control should only be used for television , 

A:  Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty , 

A:  <other> then for Roo , as well uh important , the corporate image should be recognisable in our product . 

B:  the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set . 

B:  Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls , 

B:  But my  in  my opinion , the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us . 

C:  And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set . 

C:  there's a energy source here . 

C:  The user interface connected to a chip , 

C:  It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared . 

C:  And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons . 

B:  The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed . 

C:  So maybe we should consider that . <other> 

C:  personally I think we should infra use infrared , 

C:  Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse , friendly components . 

C:  <other> Um for cost-effectiveness , we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board , 

C:  And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques , blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff . 

B:  I think it's the same as in the cell phone , just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons , 

B:  Yeah , but not for each button one LED , I think . 

D:  The buttons to zap are used the  about uh fifteen hundred times , 

C:  There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment . 

B:  I'm just wondering , <laugh> the sound signal , from where do you execute th the s sound ? 

C:  and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound , 

B:  But but T_V_s don't have all uh uh buttons . Uh  

D:  And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button , uh you would have to walk to your T_V_ , 

C:  Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds . 

B:  But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_ . Just a little antenna or uh something . 

B:  I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the  their remote . 

C:  the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh  . And then uh the remote control uh reports itself , 

C:  But that will be very costly , I think . 

A:  m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function , if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things . 

D:  Yeah . 

A:  Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution , 

B:  And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs , the lightning uh function ? 

C:  I I think so , 

A:  according to Ruud , um people do not use um all the extra features very very often . 

B:  Just through uh the easy uh design . We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it . 

C:  we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions 

A:  do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple  

D:  if we um include other uh innovative functions  <laugh> uh then they uh might , 

C:  Maybe it's more important to make the  make it look like a very uh friendly , easy to catch piece of equipment , 

C:  I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling , by by these kinds of sticks or something like that . 

D:  And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection , you have the m two most important functions in one uh button . 

A:  draw draw it on the board . 

B:  It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what  which can be pushed in four directions . Instead of a stick . 

B:  just a round uh button should be the trick , I think . 

A:  uh  it's not necessary to to have a full list , 

A:  Dual channel watch . 

B:  I wouldn't buy it personally . A remote control without the ten digits . 

A:  And and do we want um the ten digits ? 

C:  But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user , and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks , well , you can uh    you can use uh about ten buttons . That's enough . 

D:  And if we are targeting at the younger audience , they will probably watch more channels than the older people . 

C:  But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull . 

A:  You c <other> you can d make them very fancy 

C:  so you can experiment by  uh with with shape or with size or with colour , that kind of thing . 

C:  maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control . 

C:  when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it's very easy to change uh the channel . That's one thing . 

C:  but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly . 

A:  Uh  If if we would um drop the ten digits 

C:  So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries . 

C:  There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries . 

D:  And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge , then there wouldn't be uh a big problem . 

C:  it's very cheap . 

C:  It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts . 

A:  although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh  Profitable . We we  yeah , we still need to take in account the the bit older people . 

C:  we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design . 

C:  but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside . 

C:  But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques , uh voice recognition , that  these kinds of things . 

C:  <other> If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition , uh our circuit board will become even more cheap . 

B:  then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh  especially for the voice recognition . 

A:  Um <other> the Interface Designer , um I would like to  the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept . 

A:  User Interface Designer , uh Roo , I would like to see the user interface c uh concept . 

A:  It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . And um <other> um yeah , some some fancy lights . 

C:  So we drop the voice recognition ? 

A:  We can decide the next meeting . Yep . 

A:  I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching . 

B:  if we use the LEDs , i does it use much more energy 

C:  they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also . 

C:  Uh no , they're uh they're a little bit more expensive , 

A:  maybe maybe like clapping in your hands , 

B:   just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility . 

C:  But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated 

D:  'cause young people uh like new features . 

A:  We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness . 

A:  Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder . 

