A:  Welcome back . 
B:  Hello . 
D:  Hello . 
A:  Uh let me see . 
B:  There's one of mine . 
A:  Okay . Roo , welcome back . 
B:  Hello , Flores . 
A:  The waiting is for Sebastian . 
C:  <cough> 
B:   . 
A:  There he is . 
C:  <other> Is there any time for a cup of coffee ? <laugh> Can I get a cup of coffee ? Okay . <laugh> 
B:  We have a slight problem . <laugh> I opened uh the C_D_ ROM box uh guys . 
A:  Sorry ? Uh no . You can't , sorry . 
B:  So just cancel it . 
C:   Well , during my work I have no time either . So  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Well , this is life . <laugh> Sorry uh , Roo . 
B:  Yeah , I opened the C_D_ ROM box . <laugh> Accidentally . But it's alright . 
A:  Okay . Okay . People , welcome back with the second meeting . <other> Um for now on the schedule are a few points . Uh first of all the opening , which we are doing now . Um second , I received um some new project requirements . I'm not sure if you received them as well , um but I will tell you about it . Um then um the three of you uh prepared a presentation , I think ? Sebastian ? 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  I think so too . 
A:  Roo ? 
B:  Yeah . <laugh> 
A:  Ruud ? Almost , okay . Then we'll do your one uh uh as la uh the last . Um the top goal of this m 
D:  Almost . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> But you can't upload your presentation from here , I believe . 
A:  <other> Um we will figure that out . Ca <other> can you try to  
B:  Okay . 
D:  Uh if it if it if it's wireless I could just uh put it in the  . 
A:  Yeah , w we will see . 
B:  I don't think it's wireless here . Or it is . Yeah ? Okay , great . 
A:  Um  it is , yeah . 
C:  It is . It is . 
D:  Uh okay . 
A:  Yeah . Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product , on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control , so keep that in mind . Um <other> we have forty minutes . So it's now  
topic_description:	None


A:  Yep . Okay . Um the new project requirements , first of all , um we didn't speak about it , but we should not um support teletext in the remote , um because our b um board uh feels that uh teletext is out of date and internet is replacing teletext . So um we are not even going to try to um implement it in our product . <other> It's a board decision . Um the remote control should only be used for television , because it's not uh f uh feasible , it's not uh w uh uh  we we cannot make it because of the time to market um that we have to deal with . Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty , <other> which is important for you , uh Ruud , and as well for uh Roo . Because the product should um be uh interesting and and uh should be bought by people younger than forty . Um 
B:  Yeah . Time , yeah . 
A:  <other> then for Roo , as well uh important , the corporate image should be recognisable in our product . So the colour colours and the slogan um do have to be uh in the product . 
B:  Yes . 
A:  Is that clear ? Any questions on these requirements ? No ? <other> Okay . 
topic_description:	None


A:  Um the individual presentations , I th um Roo or Sebastian , who of you would like to start ? 
B:  Yeah , I'll start . 
A:  Uh uh yeah . Okay , great . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Um  Oh , how can I uh  Geez , and sli and show . Um  
A:  <other> 
B:  Just uh press it . Uh yes . Alright . Um well w we uh we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous uh discussion . <other> Uh the method of the remote control is just  the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set . So that was the main uh important thing what a remote control should do . Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls , the multi-function uh remote control with many possibilities , but um the lack of the feeling I already mentioned uh in the previous uh discussion . And the ease-of-use remote control with uh the less p possibilities but a great feeling in in touching the buttons . 
A:  Yeah . Mm-hmm . Yeah . 
B:  <other> Um but um  yeah . My personal preferences were ease of uh  the easy to use remote control , because uh the user-friendliness and uh  it can be more trendy in in user design . But um your new goal f was for uh people than  less than forty years old . So maybe um the multi-function can be implemented in uh in our design . But it should b I think it should be a combination , but teletext buttons are not uh in our design . So it should uh 
A:  Uh-huh . 
B:  take out , well , eight buttons or so . But my  in  my opinion , the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us . 
A:  Okay . Uh Ruud , did you get that ? 
D:  Yeah , uh b uh most . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay , so the important thing here is  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <other> And it's also i indeed uh uh Ruud's uh insight in the in the topic . Yeah , what what does the market want ? I I don't know . 
D:  Oh , user-friendly . 
A:  In the market , yeah . Yeah , okay , w we will s we all uh  
B:  Just for uh for user desi uh user uh friendliness I uh should choose for the the ease of use remote control . 
A:  Yeah . Okay . 
topic_description:	None


A:  Sebastian . 
C:  <cough> Okay . <cough> Excuse me . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Scusi . <laugh> 
C:  Um  Okay , it's still the right thing . Okay . Um well , there are some changes in the design requirements , so there are some changes in the method also . Um basically all this device has to do is send messages to a T_V_ set . And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set . Well , I th I tried to uh implement a picture here , but it's hardly readable . 
B:  <laugh> Energies and uh  
C:  Can you see it ? No ? Well  
A:  No , it's not visible . 
B:  Yeah . The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed . 
A:  Yeah . Okay . 
C:  <cough> So that's basically the total design of this piece of equipment . There's nothing more to it . It's fairly easy . It's been done many times before , and I think we should uh we should c s succeed in in our plan to do this . So  
A:  So it's fairly easy . 
B:  <laugh> Succeed in it also . 
A:  <laugh> Okay . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , good . 
A:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	None


C:  Um , there's a energy source here . <other> And um basically there  it's connected to three things . The user interface connected to a chip , which is connected to the sender , which generates messages using uh infrared light , which are sent to the receiver . That's basically the idea . And there's a little picture , just for your imagination , how a device like this should look or can look . <other> Okay . Um what have I found . Usually these kind of things consist of a battery , infrared diode , buttons , chips , and circuit board . That's all . It's cased together , nothing more than that . <other> It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared . There are some exceptions , but most of all have uh infrared controls . And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons . And I think that's what we w yes . In the  and it's a little more  a little bit more fancy also . So maybe we should consider that . <other> Okay . I have a basic scheme of the things uh which are implemented . Um basically this is all there is . There's just one chip . There are a few buttons connected . Uh the buttons are lit . And the whole thing is transmitted by a infrared li diode , and there is not a power source here . 
topic_description:	None


C:  <other> Okay , so uh personally I think we should infra use infrared , because uh otherwise our device cannot uh communicate with uh almost every T_V_ set . So I think that uh should be clear . Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse , friendly components . Uh there are specially uh designed um energy-friendly components which consume uh far less power than uh conventional components . And um if we want to use uh a rechargeable design or uh a energy-save design , we should really implement them . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  <other> Um for cost-effectiveness , we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board , um because most of the production cost are are in this uh part of the equipment . And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques , blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff . I think our uh users will really uh will really like that . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  <laugh> And what's the um  if we use the LEDs , i does it use much more energy or  
C:  No , they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also . So we can use them . So that's no problem . 
B:  Okay . For the same costs , it's can be uh in our  
C:  Uh no , they're uh they're a little bit more expensive , but by uh um um making  
B:  Combined with the low-cost circuit board so it's uh  
C:  We can we can make its I think . 
D:  Well you could only lit uh the buttons  the buttons that are used most . So , the channel switching . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah , but but the question is whether um two or four buttons makes uh m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to uh include fancy lightning techniques , I guess . 
D:  Or  
C:  Okay . 
B:  But I think  
C:  Hmm . 
D:  Hmm , true . 
B:  Yeah , I think it's the same as in the cell phone , just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons , and not for  
D:  <cough> 
C:  Yes . Well , it's not one light , it  there are more lights in a in a in a mobile device . No no no , no . That's right , that's right . So  well , this uh should be it . 
B:  Yeah , but not for each button one LED , I think . 
A:  Okay . Okay . 
C:  <other> Um have a think about it . 
topic_description:	None


A:  Okay , Ruud . 
D:  Oh , mine is already outdated . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay well , we ar we are very curio curious to what the market um will feel about such a product . 
D:  <laugh> Since uh  
C:  <cough> 
A:  So any income is welcome . <laugh> Input . 
D:  Okay , make  Well  Uh then I'm sure the target market is uh ten million units . Of   of which we should sell about uh forty percent to make the five million . 
B:  Could you step a little bit more to the right ? <laugh> Yeah , thank you . <laugh> 
A:  Okay . 
D:  But um since uh the other part is uh forty percent of the market , I uh thought earlier we might want to constrain that portion of the market . But uh since uh the requirements changed , that's uh not a good idea . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Uh well , skip this . <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Well , it's  this till true , of course . That they only use ten percent the buttons . The buttons to zap are used the  about uh fifteen hundred times , when uh the power button is only used one time . And the volume button's only four times . So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons . And uh lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control . So we might want to build in a feature to uh support them . 
C:  Mm . 
D:  Some uh audio signal . Like uh home phones . Or  
A:  Okay . Well , that's interesting . 
C:  Or a find  a finding function , you know . That's quite a  yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , that's definitely interesting . It uh it separates our product from others uh as well . Okay , go on . 
B:  Sound signal . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  Well , I just said that . And uh  well , this obvious , and he also said it . 
A:  Okay . So that's what the market tells us . 
D:  Uh that's about it , yes . 
A:  Yep . Okay . 
topic_description:	None


B:  The volume and uh the zap buttons are the mostly used . So  
D:  Uh mo uh zap buttons most . Volume , they are  uh use a lot . But 
B:  Yeah , well it should just have a design  
D:  more than all the other buttons . So  
B:  The perfect design for those  only those buttons . And first um  
C:  Yes . Yes , we should focus on that , I guess . Well , the technical uh  there  I think there are no technical difficulties . There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment . So um I don't think we have any hiccups there . So we can fully concentrate on developing a product that is really um what the market needs . So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and uh and a sound signal . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Okay . We we have uh about ten minutes left this meeting . Um <other> I would like to hear um  maybe maybe you all have th uh things not um spoken about , yeah , but that are important . Uh Ruud , you you came up with the voice recognition uh data . Uh are there other things about the market we should know ? 
D:  Um I think we dealt with the most important information . Just that the younger part of uh the market isn't the forty percent we uh want to sell to . So we we should uh for least a bit uh look at the uh older people . But with uh buttons like that , which are easy to use , we uh might attract them too . So  
C:  <cough> 
A:  Okay . Okay . 
D:  I don't think that's a big problem 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay , so although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh  
D:  Yes . Yeah , profitable . 
C:  Profitable . 
A:  Profitable . We we  yeah , we still need to take in account the the bit older people . Okay . O okay . 
D:  Yes . 
A:  <other> Um Roo . 
B:  I have nothing uh nothing to add , I think . 
A:    Nothing to add . Sebastian ? 
topic_description:	None


B:  Yeah , the sound signal . Just one thing I'm just wondering , <laugh> the sound signal , from where do you execute th the s sound ? <laugh> Another device is not a solution . It should be uh uh  
D:  Yeah , that's uh  <laugh> a problem . Yeah . <laugh> 
C:  Well Yes . <laugh> Th that's a bit of  that's a problem . Usually  
A:  Well maybe maybe like clapping in your hands , like um turning on and off the the the lights . 
C:  Oh yes . 
B:  Yeah , but maybe you'll uh get some new technologies for it . 
C:  Yes . Well , there there are some devices who uh incorporate this technique already . Um there are video sets and um they have a special button , the find the remote control button . You press it and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound , and your uh remote controls then start to beep . And um  
A:  Reports rep respend response to it . 
B:  Yeah , just like uh the phones the  
C:  Yes . Yes , that's it . Yes , same thing . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  But uh th 
B:  But but T_V_s don't have all uh 
C:  No , so we we should use something else . 
B:  uh buttons . Uh  
D:  And you  Yeah , and usually  
A:  Yeah , because we do not have a a a a a home um  
B:  But I believe you will have an  
C:  We do not control the T_V_ set so well . 
D:  And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button , uh you would have to walk to your T_V_ , and it's  
C:  Yes , m yes . S and we b we want  to make so it's   is easy as possible for our customers , so we should think about  
A:  Okay . So what about the clapping technique ? Um because you se 
B:  I'm convinced uh Sebastian will uh find uh one solution for us . 
C:  <other> It's quite complicated . Well , it's quite complicated . Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds . 
D:  <laugh> And b 
A:  Well , you see it a lot in in light uh lightning uh uh  
C:  Yes , yes . Well , basically the characteristics uh the characteristics of clapping is just an increase in the volume , the amplitude of the sound , which is uh generated a few times within a uh certain period of time . But there are many other sounds uh which are exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control . 
A:  Yeah , a peak . Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  So if if you'd be watching a movie , it would constantly beep . 
A:  Yeah , that's true . 
C:  Yes , so we don't want that . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_ . Just a little antenna or uh something . Well if you lost th I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the  their remote . Uh that's just uh  
C:  Maybe we can  Something like that . Well , is there not something f something more easily  
A:  Well uh  
C:  Well , I don't think uh  . No , and y the the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh  . And then uh the remote control uh reports itself , so w we should use have  uh we should use something like that . You do not want another device , which can be uh everywhere in the house , which you have to find first before you can find your remote control . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:   just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility . 
C:  Yes , something like that . But that will be very costly , I think . So that's not a good idea . 
A:  Yeah , m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function , if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things . Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution , because that's his  his field of expertise . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm-hmm . I will . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Yes . Yes . But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated um and it will become more costly also . Because there will be additional components which which uh will be used . And there are some implepe imp 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yep . 
B:  And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs , the lightning uh 
C:  Well , I I think so , because um when you have a p newspaper over your remote control , you cannot see it . So  
B:  function ? It's a unique item uh  
A:  Yeah , it's a distinction in the market . It's a different  exactly . It's an uni an unique feature , and um I think um it's worth um uh looking and and  probably more i interesting than uh than the lights . 
B:  It will be an  a unique feature of our remote control . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	None


B:  And just about uh the user interface , I came up with um <other> an easy remote control and an advanced remote control . What should we choose in in design ? 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . Well , um according to Ruud , um people do not use um all the extra features very very often . So  
B:  Well , the extra functions . 
D:  I have the numbers r I have the numbers right here . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Well , t uh we won't support teletext which which was the third-most  the second-most used function . 
B:  Used option . 
A:  Okay . <laugh> Well , we we do have a wise board , so I'm not questioning that . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Okay . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Uh well  yeah , channel selection is obviously the most important . 
A:  Yeah . Okay , so on the relevance scale uh the channel selection , the volume selection and the teletext . Well , we skip that . 
D:  So  Yeah . Yeah . So  
B:  Well , so it just th the basic functions . And we don't have to use it for D_V_D_ players uh and all kind of stuff . So  <other> 
A:  Okay . 
C:  No , no . So that's out of the question . So  
A:  No . 
D:  Nope . 
B:  Yeah . Just through uh the easy uh design . We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it . So  
A:  Yeah . Uh uh uh I think we should go for the easier one . 
C:  I think also . Yes . Well , we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions and uh the money that we can save from that we should use for uh having a nice design and uh thinking about the user interface and  
A:  No . Yeah . Okay , Ruud , how do you feel about that ? Uh do you agree , do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple  
D:  Uh well if we um include other uh innovative functions  <laugh> uh then they uh might , 'cause young people uh like new features . So  
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm yeah . 
C:  Yeah , that's right . 
A:  Okay , so this is is kind of uh  
C:  Mm . 
B:  Uh just a few buttons , trendy design , nice lightning effects wh and the sound . 
C:  Okay . Well , is it  maybe there's another possibility . You can make it look like an easy s piece of equipment , but it's quite elaborated , uh because it has many functions . Maybe it's more important to make the  make it look like a very uh friendly , easy to catch piece of equipment , but um nevertheless  
A:  Yeah . But but are we not in in the in the manual uh  I mean if you have few buttons , no display , um I mean uh I guess it's l it's working with with a shift functions and um one button can uh 
C:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Ok like that . Well , I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling , by by these kinds of sticks or something like that . I don't know if if it's user-friendly . That's your field of expertise . 
B:  Yeah , I don't know yet . <laugh> 
A:  But but how does how does the remote uh report uh r uh give back to the user w in what state it is ? Because we do not implement uh a user history . 
C:  Mm-hmm . There's  no , but there's no way to do that , because we cannot implement that kind of the system . W 
A:  I know , but but if we use uh like a stick , for example , um  
C:  Mm-hmm . Well , maybe we can use a light for that . When you move the stick to a to a position , maybe uh a light next to it can lit up . So you know I've just uh pushed the button , or I changed the channel or t uh turned up the volume . Something like that . 
D:  And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection , you have the m two most important functions in one uh button . 
A:  Yeah . Uh and we could have other buttons for the for the advanced uh functions . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  But does it  uh I then should n just use uh i instead of the stick , uh like many cell phones , just a round m well , should we just use a  
A:  Yeah , draw draw it on the board . 
B:  Um it's already uh  oh , we have a blank . Oh . 
C:  Oh yeah , something like that . It's not really a stick , but  
B:  It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what  which can be pushed in four directions . Instead of a stick . A stick is v vulnerab vulnerable 
C:  Yes . Yes . Hmm . 
A:  Yeah , it can break down . 
B:  when it's falling down or uh just a round uh button should be the trick , I think . 
C:  Yes , yes . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  And  Yes , and this also looks more fancy , I think . I think it it will attract uh 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  more uh uh public , I think . But you're the marketing man . 
D:  A younger uh  Huh . And it's also quite easy to use , so it'll  it  uh attract younger people because well new , and it might attract older people because it's easy to use . 
B:  Geez . Well , volume and something uh like that . <laugh> 
A:  Uh-huh . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  The programme up and down . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , yeah . 
B:  And the vol yeah , the pen doesn't uh really does what I want . 
C:  Okay , that's good . 
A:  Okay , but w we still <laugh> we're still in the question of uh um uh putting in advanced options . Um Ruud just told us um the market is interested in some advanced uh new techniques . Um however , uh keeping it simple is is important for the costs and all all those kind of things . We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  But I think our our next step to look at is just that . So I don't think it's  um we have something to do . Uh we can't discuss it right now , because n no one of us have  has the information to discuss about that , 
A:  Um well , for  we do have to uh decide this this meeting . Yeah . We need to um have the uh the user function  uh the functions decided and um 
B:  I think . Yes ? Mm-hmm . 
C:  <other> Okay . 
A:  <other> uh our target audience . 
B:  'Kay , but teletext is so uh is just scrapped . 
C:  Okay . Do do you want a list of functions ? Do you want an explicit list ? Uh which uh incorporates all function available on the device ? 
A:  Um well , I do not want a full uh  it's not necessary to to have a full list , but I want um the kind of functions , for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting . 
C:  Okay . Okay . Mm-hmm . 
B:  The ten digits . 
A:  Well , for example , that that's what we should think about .  l how is the remote going to look ? Not not in the user interface , but  
B:  Oh , and just one function . The the the the programme to programme button , the switch to uh two channels , when you have uh something on channel four and something on channel six , just one button which which can uh change  yeah . 
C:  Mm-hmm . Yes . 
A:  Yeah . A bit of a split mode . Uh l like  Yeah . Dual channel watch . Okay , well um m maybe I should write that down . <laugh> Uh Ruud , um what's your last name ? 
C:  Change . Yes , yes . Yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> Well  <laugh> you're the secretary . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Mielsen . 
A:  Mielsen , because I I was writing it down in the last uh  Mielsen . Right . Um I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder . So if you want to have a look at it , you know where to find it . Um  
C:  Mm okay , but make a s make a sub-folder for it , because it's starting to fill up already . <laugh> 
B:  Alright . 
A:  Yeah , that's that's  if you want to do it , Sebastian . <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> Sure . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Our B_S_C_ uh W_ uh  
C:   . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh>   
A:  Okay , um  <other> Okay , so so um  <other> uh  Volume . Programme . Uh dual channel . Uh  
C:  Yes , that's important . 
A:  And and do we want um 
B:  The ten digits ? Yeah , I believe so . 
A:  the ten digits ? 
C:  Well , are are you sure ? I'm not so sure . 
D:  Well , if you want to go to channel ninety and you have th that button . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , that's complicated , but is that so relevant ? Because I don't think  but you should uh shou you should know that . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  I wouldn't buy it personally . 
C:  If it were so . 
B:  A remote control without the ten digits . Uh and I think the most  
C:  Okay , I can imagine when 
A:  I agree actually . <laugh> 
C:  I can imagine when you're  when you have a satellite decoder and and you have , well , about six hundred channels , I can imagine you want this . But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user , and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks , well , you can uh    you can use uh about ten buttons . That's enough . 
B:  Just elder elder people would would buy it , but  
D:  Well  
A:  But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels . 
D:  But  
B:  Yep . 
D:  Yeah , and if if we  
B:  The older people only use five of them . 
C:  Well , but how how often do you watch all these channels ? 
D:  And if we are targeting at the younger audience , they will probably watch more channels than the older people . So  
A:  Often . 
C:  No , you're probably right . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Okay . But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull . Don't you think ? 
A:  Well , it depends on the on the on the looks , on the on the  
C:  The design . Okay . Well , y then there should be  should done  be done something specific with it . 
B:  On the design . 
D:  Well  
A:  You c <other> you can d make them very fancy by um  
D:  And  
A:  <other> I mean Nokia , they have ten digits on their phones and it still looks very fancy . So I'm I'm  I do not agree  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh  
C:  Okay , so you can experiment by  uh with with shape or with size or with colour , that kind of thing . Okay . 
A:  Exactly , exactly . 
D:  And um there are some numbers about uh speech recognition here that uh younger people would like it . Uh it might be expensive and uh hard to implement , but it would be a solution uh 
A:  Okay , speech . 
D:  for  
C:  Well , maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control . So um when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it's very easy to change uh the channel . That's one thing . And it's very easy uh to find your remote control . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . To find  yeah . 
C:  So maybe that's a possibility , but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly . But maybe when we uh  
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh  If if we would um drop the ten digits but keep the programme and the volume , because maybe people do not always want to use their voice , um  
C:  Mm-hmm . Okay . Okay , okay . 
D:  Especially elder people uh don't like voice recognition . So then we should implement such a but 
A:  Yeah . But we do focus on younger people . We d it it's a board uh decision . 
C:  Okay . Well . I I think it should uh should work , it sh we should manage that . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  So we have to i to make um a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition . 
A:  Okay . 
C:  Yes . Well , the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage . It's mas it makes it very easy for us to implement the find uh find the remote control button  uh remote control function . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  So that's that's a big advantage , I think . 
A:  Okay . Okay , g good . 
B:  <sigh> 
A:  Okay . 
topic_description:	None


C:  There's only one disadvantage uh by implementing this . Um the power saving power saving will be a bit more difficult . So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries . But maybe can  we we can think something smart about it . There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries . So when you just leave the device in a in a light room , it charges itself . You have to do nothing for it . 
A:  Mm . Yep . Okay . But  But but can we manage it bu uh for the costs ? 
D:  M <cough> 
B:  <laugh> Twelve dollar fifty . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Maybe , maybe not . I'll have to find that out . 
A:  Because it seems like a very  <laugh> 
D:  And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge , 
C:  Yes . So  
D:  then there wouldn't be uh a big problem . 'Cause when  
C:  No , that's very cheap . 
A:  Is a cradle very cheap ? 
C:  It's  Oh , it's very cheap . That's no problem . It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts . 
A:  I know , b uh but there should be an adapter as well . 
C:  It's  Yes , but they're they're mass production . They're very cheap . So it will cost us p practically nothing . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Okay . 
topic_description:	None


C:  Um I just want to make a summary of all all things uh spoken and uh the different possibilities . Um 
A:  Yeah ? Great . 
C:  so uh basically we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design . So on the outside it looks easy , but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside . So that's one  the  those are the choices we have to make . But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques , uh voice recognition , that  these kinds of things . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . 
C:  Um it makes it also more uh attractable , I think , to our uh audience . Um there are some advantages and some disadvantages , and the main advantage is that we can implement uh fancy techniques , which uh I think our customers will like . The disadvantage is that there are some concerns about uh the the costs and um the things like uh battery lifetime , energy saving . Uh another advantage is that the circuit board will become much more easier if we do not  do not implement these buttons . 
A:  Yep . 
C:  <other> If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition , uh our circuit board will become even more cheap . So that's another  well , it wa it w it was an issue , but we also thought that  we already thought we should do it as cheaply as possible . And this even uh makes it more cheapy . So  
A:  Yeah , and that was the main issue , right ? The the board  Yeah . 
B:  But the cheaper the ch uh the the chip or th what was it ? The circuit board . 
C:  Mm-hmm . The circuit board . 
A:  The board . 
B:  The fewer buttons you can use on it . 
C:  The fewer buttons you have , the ch ch the cheaper the circuit board , yes . 
A:  No , it's th yeah . 
B:  Yeah , okay . 
A:  It's the other way around , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  And it's very cheap uh to incorporate uh uh an integrated circuit , a chip . So that's that's another advantage . 
A:  It shouldn't be a big issue . 
B:  Well it  then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh  especially for the voice recognition . 
C:  So  Yes , because I don't know  Yes . I d I really don't know . So  
B:  No . 
C:  It can be costly . Maybe not . 
A:  Okay . I'm not sure how how we'll f uh determine the costs , I will have a look at it . Maybe you will get some information on that . Um I'm not sure how how that  
C:  Yes . Yes , I al I I hope my personal coach will uh <laugh> have a lo uh look at it . <laugh> 
A:  Yep . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , great . Um <other> well , I think we're qui quite done . Um for now we will have the lunch break . 
B:  We're done , I think . 
C:  How nice . 
A:  Um I'm  don't know how long the break will be , but we'll find out . Um then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work , uh and I'm sure your personal coaches will uh assist you with it . Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder . If you want to look at it um well , just do . Um <other> the Interface Designer , um I would like to  the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept . Uh Roo , um from you I would like to see  
B:  Me neither . Interface  industrial . 
A:  Uh  I'm sorry , yeah , I'm sorry . User Interface Designer , uh Roo , I would like to see the user interface c uh concept . And um 
B:  Yeah . <laugh> 
C:  Well , we understand . <laugh> 
B:  Uh the only problem is it  that it depends on the divisions  the decis uh decisions Sebastian makes . About the voice recognition . Well  
C:  Well  <other> 
A:  Well , i it should be easy , that's w w what we concluded . It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . And um 
C:  Mm yes . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> um yeah , some some fancy lights . I think that's what we decided . 
C:  So we drop the voice recognition ? Or  Oh . 
A:  No no no , we didn't  but it shouldn't be integrated  yeah , it's  of course it's user interface , but um i I was talking about really the design of the  
C:  Okay . Well um do we really have to decide now or can we decide next meeting ? 
A:  No . We can decide the next meeting . Yep . 
C:  Okay . Because I'll have some updated info on that uh  
A:  Yeah . I guess all of you have i updated info . I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching . And I'm sure the market will um uh <other> 
B:  Yep . 
D:  Hmm . 
A:   uh will change , adapt and um so we will see that . Um yeah , that's it for now . 
B:  Adapt . 
C:  Adapt . 
D:  Left . Hmm . 
B:  That's it . 'Kay . 
A:  Any other questions or can we have the lunch ? 
C:  We can have the lunch . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , okay . Good . 
B:  I'll take the lunch . <sound imitating computer alert> 
topic_description:	None


