{"dialogue": "um just want to tell you that you have three new requirements , which is thethe first one <other> is that um uh the company 's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is . so we do n't really need to consider that in the functionality of theof the remote control . um they 've also suggested that we um we only use the remote control to control the television , not the v _ c _ r _ , d _ v _ d _ or anything else . i think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex then it 'll affect um how long it takes us to get it into into production , the time to market . so um , we 're just gon na keep it simple and it 'll just control the t _ v _ . and the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design . um i 'm not entirely sure what the corporate colour is . it might be yellow , because there seems to be a lot of yellow everywhere . and the slogan , like the actual written slogan , or just to embody the idea of the slogan ? <other> uh th because on the the company website , uh what does it say 'bout putting the fashion in electronics . i mean do they <other> is that something they want actually written on it , 'cause it 's quite long . so those are the three things , just not to worry about teletext , uh only control the t _ v _ , and um and uh incorporate the uh colour and slogan of the company .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to consider when designing the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "so this is the technical functions design . to do the um <other> the design i have i 've had a look online , i 've had a look at the homepage , um i 've had a look at the previous products to see what they offer um , having a look at the existing products , i found out that um it tends to come in sort of two extremes , there 's either um a very complicated one that 's got lots of buttons , lots of colours , very confusing , you do n't know what you 're doing . <other> um in that case the the labelling tends to be very bad . here um the button there and there . that one 's perg and that one 's prog , and it does n't really tell you what it does . um , not sure if you had a a look at the other um control in that example . um it 's a very simple one . it 's got only the basic functions mm but um <other> it 's the same size as the the hard to use one . <other> uh it looked a bit clunky . they 're very big and not very much use forbuttons . and it 's just very hard to access the advanced functions . um , my own preferences , i prefer the the clunky one . <other> um so i believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer , so , <other> now i 'd like to ask for your preferences . which which is the clunky one , the one on left or on the right ? . . <other> um , the clunky one is the one on the right . um i think it 's supposed to be the same size , but um it 's got much fewer buttons . and then others that are concealed .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented two existing products and discussed what was wrong with each product ."}
{"dialogue": "well i think it 's a valid point . i mean like the one on the left looks quite um quite complicated , um so i see i see why yo you know you might prefer the simpler design , you know you get a lot of remote controls where you kind of flip the thing open , um , <other> do we have any functions that um we 'd want on it ? i mean so far i 've got um on and off , um switch the channel up and down , and put the volume up and down . and then actual numbers for channels as well , yeah . um , you say that 's a h a required one or a requested one ? god , i wou i would say that 's required , i mean there 's no way anybody 's gon na buy a remote control these days when if you ca n't actually individually select channels , uh any kind of like display controls at all do you think we need to worry about , well i think i think es essentially what we 're doing right now is we 're categorising . we 're saying well we want this to be a product that offers all the sort of more tricky features but we want them to be in another area ? um we need to find out exactly what we have to have um and after that we can add things if they 're possible . there 's um on and off , um volume and channel , and skip to certain channels with the numbers . um , so so far , just to recap you 've got volume and channel control and well , one one way i would look at this um would be that we a approach the different controls in terms of um like control types , so that for the user it 's very clear what they want to do where they go . uh and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w w what would just wan na be acc easily accessible . for example if we had audio controls , those could be something people set up very rarely . maybe they 're un they 're they 're they 're in a little area but covered up um , things like channel and volume um are used all the time , so we just have them right out on top , um so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls , you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip . and then maybe just things that would be nice if it could do would be things like audio set up and display set up and things like that , maybe like a mute button ,", "summary": "abstract: the team discussed how to create a remote which did not include the problems present in the existing products presented by the interface specialist ."}
{"dialogue": "i dunno whether this is for good or for bad but there 'll be a lot of kind of uh redundancy in the in the the issues and the the uh <laugh> the things . what i 've already started doing is cr i created a slide in in my presentation here so that we kind of think well what 's the cumulative effect of what we 've taken from your ideas and and mine , obviously obviously what you 've just told me what you 've just told me impacts a lot on what um like market research mm that that i 've been mm hard to know whatwhere your role ends , yeah . before i bring this up what i 'll just say is um what i 've what i 've done is tried to collect some information so that i can then relay this to to you guys so that it'snow becomes a collective thing . and then kind of lead us in the direction of deciding , 'kay what what are our options , what should we decide so what i basically got is i just looked into some information and sort of th tried to think about how how we could review it and what kind of decisions we could take away from it so um i 'm thinking here about uh primarily about customer needs , and what are issues with with um existing products . and also abouttry and connect that as you see with the company vision so this is what i 've found here , um , users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls . most people find them ugly . um <other> the vast majority would spend more money for it to look fancy as well , we 'll see later , the vast majority would spend more money for um slightly more intuitive control , such as voice recognition . um most people use only a f a very slim portion of all the controls . they tend to use the most simple controls if for me this is sorta like three different different um inspirations , you know , one is that we want uh something that 's high-tech but we want it to seem easy . and in spite of the primitive side of it and the very high-tech side , we want it to just be an appealing piece of equipment in people 's hands . they get lost a lot , um , takes time to learn how to use them . and i will admit i do n't know what r _ s _ i _ stands for . uh adults at least would pay more for voice recognition . now apparently we do have access to all the tech cutting edge technology in remote control . if that 's possible we might consider getting into it . i think a recurring theme here is the company wants it to bewants us to make something that 's fashionable and sleek and trendy . you know , they like the aesthetics and the ergonomics . so ityou wan na group all the different kind of types of functions together , you know . my hope here is that i 'm putting out this information so that we can then say okay , well how do we collectively move on with it . um i i have n't brought out one specific marketing idea , <other> well , um one of the things that we have to decide on by the end of the meeting is who we 're gon na be umwho 's our our target audience , our target market . um , so if we want something that that looks good and is easy to use , but has y is fairly powerful product , whatever , who do we really want to aim that at ? where 's the money , maybe . yeah , who wou who would have the money to spend . it 's somebody who 's not gon na just use the remote that comes with their telly , i suppose , um , i think it 'll be the mid range to the high end market , in terms of people . um so maybe not the high end range , but maybe middle , middle up-ish . 'cause twenty five euros for a remote , how much is that lo locally in pounds ? is that a lot of money to buy an extra remote or a replacement remote ? mostly focused around the twenty five age group . sort of young professional , kind of . mm-hmm um do you think then uh voice recognition is something we should really seriously consider ? it does it does fit with the market that we 're sort of identifying , i think we are gon na have to narrow it down , and 'cause you know , there needs to be some kind of selling point to it . if we are going to include speech recognition , it 's kind of between fifteen and thirty five seems to be like a really high response to that . i i think twenty five to thirty five is is is fair to add that in as a group as well okay , so fifteen to thirty five , look fairly young . so these are people who are gadgety , right ? so they 'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech . so shall we make the decision uh to include speech recognition i i think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now , because um , based on what you 've go y everybody 's saying , right , you want something simple . speech recognition might not be the simplest thing for somebody to use . could it be an on off thing ? but what i 'm saying is that we 're we 're trying to lock ourselves into a s particular kind of technology , rather than focusing on on exactly what are the features that we 're gon na say , and then , you know , say speech recognition is good for this , speech recognition is not good for this . but at end of the day we do n't look at the technology , but we look at the function first . is if we make it um speech reco if we incorporate speech recognition , that 's appealing to people um maybe with a physical disability as well . and also it helps in terms of people not losing this , i reckon one problem with speech recognition is um i 've actually seen one of them used and uh the technology that was in that one was n't particularly amazing , so you end up yelling at the control for hours . do you think maybe we need like further advances in that kind of area until it 's worthwhile incorporating it though ? i think it 'd probably quite expensive to put in .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented consumer preferences and requirements and the team discussed who their target demographic should be and whether to include speech recognition in their product ."}
{"dialogue": "well this is just the working design um . um i guess i try to define like what we 're doing now , but we'rewe ca n't n we have n't narrowed down um exactly what the things we 're trying to fulfil , like i think backin the back of our minds we know what the basics are . has to change channels , has to change volume , but in like specifics , right , which one of the basics are you trying to target . so i 'll go into the diagram first . it just explains how the process goes through , from the basic technology point of view , the basic steps that you need you need some power source . 'kay , a battery or something , to keep it going . um and that power source is important because it ties you down to um how long the device will last . like for example , voice recognition , right . that might be constrained because thatyou might need to power a microphone , so that 's one perhaps constraint there . <other> th okay , the basic thing is there 's a user interface you know , and that um picks up an input from a user , a series of logic has to decide what the user is telling the device , um and then it needs to be able to send the signal out to the device itself like um voice recognition , right , if it 's something which is important then we just add more power rather than having a thing that we do n't have enough power . maybe you you wan na go back to what the functions are ? well , do you wan do you wan na finish up your your whole presentation then ? yeah , w i 'm done . um you have a transmitter , an input device , logic chip , since we 're on the topic of the technology , uh are there any likewhat are our options ? is this the only way that we go about it , or are there other thin um , these these are n't technology options in that sense . a basic principles and basic components that are needed . so each component represents one function , but i think the basic functions are the logic , the transmitter , um and the receiver , okay , and the power are things that you wo n't have to care about . um there might be one other consideration which would be that the the transmission between the remote control and the t _ v _ for example . okay , um are we gon na restrict ourselves to using the traditional technologies of infra-red thing ? because that 's something you need to actually be physically be pointing to . right . well well a worry that was was expressed in the new requirements was that if we made this too complex it would e it would effect um how long how long it took us to get this to market , so i th suspect it might be a good idea just to restrict our kind of our creative influence on this on the user interface um because i mean it it 's tried and tested intra-red , so we could stay with tha um if somebody 's gon na h talk to the device , you ideally want them to hold it to them . so because if you 're using infra-red , the line of sight um say the t _ v _ 's at that chair , and i 'm standing in front of here and the transmitter is here , it blocks it . uh does c is our controller is it have the option of being um on a standard uh frequency as all of the other equipment , there 's there 's not much specific specific information , in the new requirement spec they said just to focus on the t _ v _ , um , is it worth considering like having like a charging unit as opposed to just regular batteries ? or should we just consider running on regular batteries ? okay , from from a from a component point of view there 's added complexity , and you add cost to it , you need a docking cradle , for example , for you to put it in to charge . or you need to get the user to plug it in . um and most users are very f use already used to the idea of buying batteries and putting it into the controller . then i do n't think rechargeable is something we shouldyou know , we really need to care about . okay , so just stick to to regular", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed various options for components and energy sources ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm just gon na just recap uh what i said at the start , was that um the the whole point of this meeting was to f absolutely finalise who we 're gon na aim this at , are we all happy about the idea of um aiming the product at um the fifteen to thirty five bracket ? yeah , that 's good . i think we just say that it was gon na be the the most basic stuff possible . um on off , up and down channels , up and down volume and uh skip to a channel . um and also the funct the the actual functions of what it 's gon na do . and is it going to include any of the uh the more advanced features , is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of underlike sort of under a door or some yeah , it 's as optional functions . 'cause what what i'mi 'd be a bit worried about is if someone was h had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they , you know , w they get ours and w it 's does n't have that . another thing that you were saying about categorising the controls ? um maybe i could suggest we we break them down into three simple categories . one would be audio controls , one would be video controls , and the other one would be a device . i mean like so what we could have is like three buckets , right , where we could throw things into , and then from there decide whether it 's basic , or it 's non-basic . mm okay , great . device is basically anything which we ca n't categorise , right . shall we agree for sake of um sort of clarity and when we when we r resume that we 'll u use this idea david 's proposed , where we think of these three sort of buckets and anything anything we discuss about them is sort of , okay , we 're talking about this . yeah , yeah i think that 's definitely a good idea . so you 're gon na have um audio which is gon na be like you know your bass settings and actual volumehi and then video is anything that you can see . okay , so brightness , contrast , things like that , and then k i suppose quite likely what would happen is in the d device category there might be some which are just like the habitual standard um so yeah , i guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it 's got ta look good , um something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe . make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed features to include in the remote and what they could do to figure out how to categorize them ."}
{"dialogue": "um for uh our industrial designer , you 're gon na be thinking about the components concept .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the components concept ."}
{"dialogue": "um user interface designer gon na be thinking about our user interface ,", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface ."}
{"dialogue": "and marketing you 're gon na be thinking about trend watching .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching"}
{"dialogue": "which is thethe first one <other> is that um uh the company 's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is . so we do n't really need to consider that in the functionality of theof the remote control .", "summary": "decisions: the team will not work with teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "um they 've also suggested that we um we only use the remote control to control the television , not the v _ c _ r _ , d _ v _ d _ or anything else . so um , we 're just gon na keep it simple and it 'll just control the t _ v _ .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will only control televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "and the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design .", "summary": "decisions: the corporate color and design must be incorporated into the design of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean so far i 've got um on and off , um switch the channel up and down , and put the volume up and down . and then actual numbers for channels as well , yeah . um , so so far , just to recap you 've got volume and channel control and there 's um on and off , um volume and channel , and skip to certain channels with the numbers . i think we just say that it was gon na be the the most basic stuff possible . um on off , up and down channels , up and down volume and uh skip to a channel .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have buttons for the following functions: on and off , channel up and down , volume up and down , and entering channel numbers ."}
{"dialogue": "one is that we want uh something that 's high-tech but we want it to seem easy . and in spite of the primitive side of it and the very high-tech side , we want it to just be an appealing piece of equipment in people 's hands . um so yeah , i guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it 's got ta look good ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote has to look good and be easy to use ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so fifteen to thirty five , look fairly young . are we all happy about the idea of um aiming the product at um the fifteen to thirty five bracket ? yeah , that 's good .", "summary": "decisions: the target demographic is people aged fifteen to thirty five ."}
{"dialogue": "um because i mean it it 's tried and tested intra-red , so we could stay with tha", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use an infra-red sensor ."}
{"dialogue": "then i do n't think rechargeable is something we shouldyou know , we really need to care about . okay , so just stick to to regular", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use regular batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "well i think i think es essentially what we 're doing right now is we 're categorising . we 're saying well we want this to be a product that offers all the sort of more tricky features but we want them to be in another area ? um we need to find out exactly what we have to have um and after that we can add things if they 're possible . well , one one way i would look at this um would be that we a approach the different controls in terms of um like control types , so that for the user it 's very clear what they want to do where they go . uh and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w w what would just wan na be acc easily accessible . for example if we had audio controls , those could be something people set up very rarely . maybe they 're un they 're they 're they 're in a little area but covered up um , things like channel and volume um are used all the time , so we just have them right out on top , um so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls , you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip . and then others that are concealed . so ityou wan na group all the different kind of types of functions together , you know . another thing that you were saying about categorising the controls ? um maybe i could suggest we we break them down into three simple categories . one would be audio controls , one would be video controls , and the other one would be a device . i mean like so what we could have is like three buckets , right , where we could throw things into , and then from there decide whether it 's basic , or it 's non-basic . mm okay , great . shall we agree for sake of um sort of clarity and when we when we r resume that we 'll u use this idea david 's proposed , where we think of these three sort of buckets and anything anything we discuss about them is sort of , okay , we 're talking about this . yeah , yeah i think that 's definitely a good idea . device is basically anything which we ca n't categorise , right . so you 're gon na have um audio which is gon na be like you know your bass settings and actual volumehi and then video is anything that you can see . okay , so brightness , contrast , things like that ,", "summary": "problems: how to categorize the functions on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> um so i believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer , uh and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w w what would just wan na be acc easily accessible . so that for the user it 's very clear what they want to do where they go . for example if we had audio controls , those could be something people set up very rarely . maybe they 're un they 're they 're they 're in a little area but covered up um , things like channel and volume um are used all the time , so we just have them right out on top , um so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls , you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip . and then others that are concealed . so ityou wan na group all the different kind of types of functions together , you know .", "summary": "problems: how to implement the categorization of functions in the design of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> well , um one of the things that we have to decide on by the end of the meeting is who we 're gon na be umwho 's our our target audience , our target market . um , so if we want something that that looks good and is easy to use , but has y is fairly powerful product , whatever , who do we really want to aim that at ? where 's the money , maybe . yeah , who wou who would have the money to spend . it 's somebody who 's not gon na just use the remote that comes with their telly , i suppose , um , i think it 'll be the mid range to the high end market , in terms of people . um so maybe not the high end range , but maybe middle , middle up-ish . mostly focused around the twenty five age group . sort of young professional , kind of . mm-hmm i think we are gon na have to narrow it down , i i think twenty five to thirty five is is is fair to add that in as a group as well so these are people who are gadgety , right ? so they 'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech .", "summary": "problems: defining a target demographic ."}
{"dialogue": "if that 's possible we might consider getting into it . um do you think then uh voice recognition is something we should really seriously consider ? it does it does fit with the market that we 're sort of identifying , and 'cause you know , there needs to be some kind of selling point to it . if we are going to include speech recognition , it 's kind of between fifteen and thirty five seems to be like a really high response to that . so they 'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech . so shall we make the decision uh to include speech recognition i i think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now , because um , based on what you 've go y everybody 's saying , right , you want something simple . speech recognition might not be the simplest thing for somebody to use . could it be an on off thing ? but what i 'm saying is that we 're we 're trying to lock ourselves into a s particular kind of technology , rather than focusing on on exactly what are the features that we 're gon na say , and then , you know , say speech recognition is good for this , speech recognition is not good for this . but at end of the day we do n't look at the technology , but we look at the function first . is if we make it um speech reco if we incorporate speech recognition , that 's appealing to people um maybe with a physical disability as well . and also it helps in terms of people not losing this , i reckon one problem with speech recognition is um i 've actually seen one of them used and uh the technology that was in that one was n't particularly amazing , so you end up yelling at the control for hours . do you think maybe we need like further advances in that kind of area until it 's worthwhile incorporating it though ? i think it 'd probably quite expensive to put in .", "summary": "problems: whether to include speech recognition as a feature in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> um so i believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer , maybe they 're un they 're they 're they 're in a little area but covered up um , and then others that are concealed . 'cause what what i'mi 'd be a bit worried about is if someone was h had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they , you know , w they get ours and w it 's does n't have that . is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of underlike sort of under a door or some", "summary": "problems: how to incorporate more advanced functions into the remote while keeping the design and usability of the remote simple ."}
