{"dialogue": "the minutes from the last time . um we had a couple of um changes in our plans in that we could n't use teletext , it was n't gon na be a control for everything um and that we had to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow . we have decided on aleaving out the voice recognition , we 've decided on there being a flip design and um a different shape from what 's normal . we were thinking a shell , but something along those lines , and we were gon na think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed the decisions from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching . um <other> the methods we used to decide on uh current trends and so on , market trends , were that we did our traditionaluh our usual market research study uh with a hundred subjects also with our company um being forerunners in uh putting fashion into technology , we also looked at a fashion update um using our consultants on fashion and design in paris and milan . <other> uh so the general findings from that was uh in the market trends the most important aspect for remote controls were people want a fancy look and feel , rather than the the current functional look and feel of remote controls . they also also want a remote control to be technologically innovative , and of course , as we predicted , that it should be easy to use . now i should point out that the first of those findings , fancy look and feel , is the most important , is twice as important as the second , technologically innovative , which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use . um we found from our um consultants in paris and milan who des attended all the design and fashion fairs there , that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes , shoes and furniture . there also seems to be um a trend towards a spongy feel to materials ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert made a presentation on trend watching , including trends in user requirements and trends in fashion ."}
{"dialogue": "um this is uh all about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment . 'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren'tun unfortunately are n't available . this is uh the chip called the t _ a _ double one eight three five which is what 's used in pretty much every remote control 'cause it sends out standard signals , based on your input um and then we we 're loo looking into battery options . there 's um actually no rechargeable option available , i saw the um the standard double a _ and triple a _ which we thought were a bit bit too bulky at the moment , dynamo charging , i thought that that might be a bit silly to be to be honest , so you wind up your remote control before you use it . like the the solar charging , 'cause most people have the light on in the room anyway so they could getwhen when you got t _ v _ . i 'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun . but i i think i think the the next one 's the best anyway . the the kinetic charging which is like you get it in r you get it in wrist watches i mean the amount the amount of probably moving around you 'd be doing all the time would would charge it up , it like it runs for long time ? well i do i d i 'm not entirely sure how long it would last but i 've never seen one run out . referring back to solar charging , is that compatible with um standard batteries ? ye yeah i think i th uh g y you could have a dual um power thing but the the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case on a calculator they they 're qui they 're quite big and they all they all look i identical . yeah the normal batteries would be the cheapest w w which one would last the longest , because we do n't want customers to be like you know charging like a mobile phone every day . 'cause if we 're doing the kinetic thing should n't we do some market research on that first before we add it in it 's not something that 's come up in any of our uh focus groups and market research , but it 's something to put on the side to think about maybe . most current remotes use this silicone uh p _ c _ b _ board whichpr printed circuit board , the thing about is um they they can be as big or as small as you want them to be now what i was thinking about that was'cause sometimes when y when you have these things , they 've got little lights on behind the buttons , so you can see what all the buttons are , but you could you could have lights behind the buttons um , the case material , i 've a been sent what the factory can actually give us , which i think we were gon na go for anyway as the main casecase housing there 's the plastic well you could go for wood but i think it would be a bit impractical . titanium um very expensive just to process , so perhaps uh some something made of rubber , if you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape , whereas if you come to plastic they can they can be a little morethey can they can do sort of curved shapes . yeah and second question is like , a mobile you can change the cover , so in this case if you 're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green , parrot green to chilli red or something like that . i was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over , so instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic , the fascia that comes off would be the rubber , well that 's been really popular with mobile phones so i do n't see why not . but i thought that an l _ c _ d _ type of screen the problem with it basically is that it 's flat and so you ca n't do lots of curvecurved things with it , i do n't see why the curved thing is a problem , if we for example had a shell , once we open that you could have a flat screen inside , yeah , w or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-r _ s _ i _ . i think it would be good to have a contrast between , if the whole thing is gon na be this rubber thing it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy looking inside . <other> is it possible , just as an option , when we open it up , people can use their fingers to press the button , or we have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to < makes clicking sounds with tongue > . but i i think they could get a bit easily lost , is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell it 's a little compact mirror and when you press a button it then goes onto the phone displayth uh the remote control display thing . we 're marketing to guys as much as we are to women . you were sitting watching t _ v _ are you gon na want to sort of open it and say oh shit i should go and have a shower and do my hair before i put the t _ <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented all the components of the device and announced that several of the features already discussed would not be available ."}
{"dialogue": "the the kinetic charging which is like you get it in r you get it in wrist watches i mean the amount the amount of probably moving around you 'd be doing all the time would would charge it up , 'cause if we 're doing the kinetic thing should n't we do some market research on that first before we add it in it 's not something that 's come up in any of our uh focus groups and market research , but it 's something to put on the side to think about maybe . there 's the plastic which i think we were gon na go for anyway as the main casecase housing so perhaps uh some something made of rubber ,", "summary": "abstract: he suggested substituting a kinetic battery for the rechargeable batteries and using a combination of rubber and plastic for the materials ."}
{"dialogue": "we are going to have m maybe a g _ g _ u _ i _ interface in the f in the middle of the flip-top we just took the input from the previous meeting , especially from the marketing and industrial design , to check on the customer needs and feasibility . the picture here shows one of the standard models offered by competitors here . so you generally see rectangular shape , very monotonous kind of designs here . and uh second thing is there 's too much of confusion here . basically which is what we d do in computer , have icons or touch pad or whatever , so f on the s simpler board , on the top we have this button , rubber buttons , to keep frequently changing the channels . can we swap that round so th that the ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part ? so the findings are too many cluttered buttons . repetition of certain but buttons which i already explained , okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition , there was a mail which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognition s feature . we have to check into thefor financial f feasibility whether we can incorporate itthis at a low cost , so it could be like , where is the remote , and the remote answers i am here . so i would n't say the design should be like a fruit , but yeah we can take inspiration from fruit colours , like the vibrant colours , uh red chilli uh i think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this cer central pattern , here , so we we we would not change h that particular pattern", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented his main interface design , which included buttons for the most frequently used features and a graphic user interface on the lcd screen for other functions , to keep frequently used features easy to use ."}
{"dialogue": "okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition , there was a mail which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognition s feature . we have to check into thefor financial f feasibility whether we can incorporate itthis at a low cost , so it could be like , where is the remote , and the remote answers i am here .", "summary": "abstract: he announced that speech recognition was still an option to consider , depending on price ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm not sure how long we 've got left , but we need to make a decision about um the things we 've discussed . do we agree on the battery ? the kinetic . so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it . um , that means that there 's no function for li the port , i think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it 's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else , the l _ c _ d _ 's not cheap . maybe we could start with the black and white . the inside components is pretty standardised across the board is n't it ? did we decide on double a _ or triple a _ batteries ? the kinetic ones come come with um a sort of w watcha battery that goes in a watch . yeah thewell i think werewe 're going for the l _ c _ d _ on that one , on the buttons , on the bottom we were gon na have the rubber , the rubber ones , um , okay onwe 've got the flip the flip-screen , the top one is gon na be the l _ c _ d _ and the bottom one is gon na be the rubberised buttons . for the body design i think plastic , so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell , a variety of designs , we 're not gon na try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else , like a shell that we discussed , um the factthe m the material that we would be using would be cheap , so we could make it red , we could make it um psychedelic , this would definitely be different enough , i just wondered if anybody could come up with something even more you could have um a plain black one , you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little and incorporating the company logo ? 'cause i took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from y from y your report , it 's not just a case of having a little r _ r _ hidden somewhere , they do want it to be obvious that it 's our product i think you just address that with um advertising . obviously it 'll have a logo on it just like everything , the point is that it 's got to stand out somehow differently i know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper , have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then ? yeah , depending on the expense of it .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then began a discussion to decide what was going into the final design ."}
{"dialogue": "do we agree on the battery ? the kinetic . um , that means that there 's no function for li the port , the l _ c _ d _ 's not cheap . maybe we could start with the black and white . the kinetic ones come come with um a sort of w watcha battery that goes in a watch . did we decide on double a _ or triple a _ batteries ? yeah thewell i think werewe 're going for the l _ c _ d _ on that one , on the buttons , on the bottom we were gon na have the rubber , the rubber ones , um , okay onwe 've got the flip the flip-screen , the top one is gon na be the l _ c _ d _ and the bottom one is gon na be the rubberised buttons . for the body design i think plastic , so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell , a variety of designs , we 're not gon na try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else , like a shell that we discussed , um the factthe m the material that we would be using would be cheap , so we could make it red , we could make it um psychedelic , this would definitely be different enough , you could have um a plain black one , you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little", "summary": "abstract: it was decided that a kinetic battery would be used in place of a rechargeable battery , that the remote will feature an lcd screen and rubber casing and rubber buttons , and that interchangeable rubber covers in fruit colors will be available ."}
{"dialogue": "so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it . i think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it 's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else , so we canif financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle . yeah , depending on the expense of it . have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then ?", "summary": "abstract: speech recognition may be included if it is not too costly ."}
{"dialogue": "the kinetic . so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it . i think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it 's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else , yeah thewell i think werewe 're going for the l _ c _ d _ on that one , on the buttons , on the bottom we were gon na have the rubber , the rubber ones , um , okay onwe 've got the flip the flip-screen , the top one is gon na be the l _ c _ d _ and the bottom one is gon na be the rubberised buttons . so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell , a variety of designs , you could have um a plain black one , you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little so we canif financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle .", "summary": "decisions: it was decided that the remote would feature an lcd screen , rubber buttons , colorful rubber changeable skins , a kinetic battery , and possibly speech recognition if it is still within the budget to include it ."}
{"dialogue": "'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren'tun unfortunately are n't available . there 's um actually no rechargeable option available ,", "summary": "problems: several of the features that the group had wanted to integrate into the design were either too costly or unavailable due to new limitations from the factory ."}
{"dialogue": "um we had a couple of um changes in our plans in that we could n't use teletext , it was n't gon na be a control for everything 'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren'tun unfortunately are n't available . there 's um actually no rechargeable option available ,", "summary": "problems: the group had to change many of the original design elements to an alternative ."}
