{"dialogue": "i just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a t _ v _ remote control only . it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly . all these points uh we have to look at . the um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people . so we have to look at that as well . 'specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons or something , so make it just a different colour or different shape ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager announced that the remote should only control television , and that the marketing should be targeted towards ages 40 and above ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've used a marketing report on uh the site . uh i think you 've uh read it too . uh and uh f and furthermore i uh surfed the o the other site . i did n't get it uh anyway . i i was the only one who get it . it was uh uh uh um um <other> a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users . and uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof . i um i had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings . uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly . so we have to make a beautiful remote control . uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy . older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what 's good . because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at . uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot . i think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons . the last point is quite an interesting <laugh> fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . and uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one , we should have the ten percent on the on the top , remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . that 's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something . uh i thought mo maybe we could make a clap system , so when you < claps twice > clap your hands it will beep or something . uh you must find it uh quickly . uh . maybe just a button on the home station . so remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station . we can uh combine that . uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control . uh i think we must t uh take a look at this . it 's only uh th thirty four of the <other> thirty four percent . but it 's uh a tough one . uh next , remote controls are bad for r _ s _ i _ . because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we we c uh this is so difficult , uh a difficulty i think . yeah , but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours t _ v _ or something . uh we must n't look too much at uh the last point . uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets , like uh speech recognition . we did n't uh think about that already . and uh an l _ c _ d _ on the remote control . um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features . but they 're more critical . and older people uh want to spend uh more money . i have my personal uh preference . that 's <laugh> not very good , because i thought about television , d _ v _ d _ player , stereo and v _ c _ r _ . but it 's already out of the question , this . um my point is , well , i <other> if we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , i think it 's hard to uh sell it for twenty five euros . on the market you can now buy for twenty euros a remote control for everything . so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special . i told about the home station . uh it must be simple , and i i found a motto . and we put the fashion in electronics . <other> the company is about our uh th th their own fashion , their own style . but old people are not looking for that . i think the main thing is the usability , that 's where we can uh make it a special product . 'cause there are already , like you said , so many controls out that support lot of stuff . but we have to make sure that we 're better usability ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented the results of a lab study on users of remote controls , and showed that users want a fancier , less complicated remote that does not get lost easily ."}
{"dialogue": "we have uh a new uh age of forty plus . but y but you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients ? so we just can skip the l _ c _ d _ r on the remote control , i i think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , because it 's not reachable for twenty five euros .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided not to use speech recognition or an lcd screen to target the older demographic ."}
{"dialogue": "technical functions design . but um we have elderly people , so we need to keep it simple . not too full , like uh jens already said , only ten percent is being used . what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or but yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff . the options that we put on there should be easy to use , and 'cause you have more room then , and for elderly people big buttons . uh an icon on it or text on it , so it 's very clear what that buttons does . um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet of functions i could think of . uh volume , channels , the the basic according to . just one two three etcetera . uh text service options . um basic on-off . play , pause . i dunno if that 's usable missdid i miss any other buttons , basic buttons ? that 's the only th the only thing you need . uh uh the p uh next and previous . li like a web browser , six seven eight or five . but uh um there 's also a button to uh go to the channel you 've been before . like a web browser back button . but i think it 's all too difficult for old people . <laugh> just use uh when you wan na switch between channels all the time . i think um f especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons . yeah , the ten plus button . just uh one one pressing , or quickly after each other . w would n't it be a problem to uhbecause you h have to be fast enough . but i think that 's in the t _ v _ as well . that 's how the uh the t _ v _ t _ v _ handles it . so you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons . it 's the t _ v _ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . so if you have a universal t _ v _ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . most things in modern t _ v _ s are also on the menu . so you also need a menu button . and then uh navigation uh but we can integrate that with volume and previous and next , i i think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things , and uh the menu button . because you n almost never use menu button . maybe it 's still still a good idea , i 'm not sure . you 'll also have to use a mute button i do n't know where where you have to put it . now my personal preferences . uh using the standards , basic um i think that we should stand out uh unique , being unique with the design . so we have to , i dunno , uh make a different shape than usual . does it have to beuh it has to be uh with different colours maybe we can give it out in different colours . it 's like a imac or something . that 's fa that 's fancy . that 's uh fashion . but it looks cheap as well , because it 's a small thing . maybe you can look at uh mobile phones . they they 're uh designed very well . you think you ca n't make a t _ v _ controller too small , 'cause then you will always lo always lose it . but uh well , i think that 's a good example .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed the button functions and how to make channel-changing easier ."}
{"dialogue": "could i think of favourites ? i always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number . but if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel . so you might as well remember the number . maybe i maybe it 's too complicated , i would find it handy , i think , when you just press one button and you get on six six six . but um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button ? if i use my telephone , i never use those buttons to to to call if i do n't do it , maybe old people <laugh> they do n't like new features . right .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided not to include programmable `` favorites '' buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "the working design . the method i used is uh search the web . just the web page provided . um basically what happens is you press a button , uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , uh like a switch . and by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed . then the chip produces a pattern . like a morse code and and sends that to the uh l _ e _ d _ . um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light . and uh transmit that uh to the t _ v _ . we we also have to have a led li led light on it ? ai n't it just to to indicate that it 's transmitting ? red 's l shows up like something 's wrong , and green is like it 's okay , on most uh uh remote controls it 's red . um the energy source is uh the battery , basically . um that 's connecting to all the components . the subcomponent is uh w i i think it is uh the button pressed . when you press a button , a switch get closed . so the chip knows what button you pressed . and the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb . so that 's the led , l _ e _ d _ .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented the internal components of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "the whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons . <laugh> i i think uh the batteries will be uh <laugh> a little we have a recharger in it , if we can still make that then <laugh> it 's just to indicate something 's on . that it 's working . we can make the normal one also a normal light . not a led light , but as a normal one . uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . so you see green if you push that button . mm i think it 's unnecessary power uh you use then . but does it make any difference for the energy you use ? i it it will look different , is leds uh beneath the the buttons ? yeah , w around the buttons , or in the buttons even . the same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ? it it only takes a l a little energy and it 's not that much . maybe that 's a good idea for old people as well . it 's only few leds . only four or something . four led . but if we use a battery station , yeah , that 's a good idea , okay .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed having the remote light up when used ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh the receptor in the t _ v _ senses the pattern . so we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . so that it can be used with all the t _ v _ s . we have to really understand what patterns are used , otherwise it wo n't work . we have to uh make buttons for that as well , the chip um uh is producing the pattern . so we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to an automatically search function for each television , or something . i dunno how it 's uh exactly how it works . i i use a universal uh remote control , and you have to put in a number , i have a modern one . and the modern one you you uh you type uh search , and uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . and then you know , oh it it 's the right one . we have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one . that 's uh when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern . but uh ma basically for uh brands of t _ v _ these patterns are different . what you have to do is uh get these patterns right . what he 's doing when he 's configuring this pattern , this chip , uh is trying to switch off the television . and when it 's uh switched off , you can push a button as uh it 's working now , and then he saves that setting", "summary": "abstract: he also stressed that the remote must be compatible with all television brands ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the the forty plus people , i already told you . oh , this is a problem . oh sorry about that . the new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . so it should be flashy or just more interesting . that'sit changes things . i just i just did n't read it well . that kinda changes the whole situation . then we have to make some nice features . i think uh the thing in the dark is a good way , to make it more like a mobile phone . more modern .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager corrected his target group announcement and announced that the target age group was actually ages 40 and below ."}
{"dialogue": "l _ c _ d _ does n't work for uh twelve and a half euros i think . and i d i do n't do n't think it 's very usable in a remote control , i i do n't y you 'll use it often , because you can see on the television wh what channel you i think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular . because thelike in the mobile phones , usability is not that good i think . but uh some of you had uh something to read about um <other> uh speech uh recognition . <laugh> yeah , i tho i think that 's not usable . that 's verythat 's fancy . that 's cool . only the numbers , only numbers . uh furthermore nothing . but only the numbers , one to twenty or something . yeah , maybe we have to integrate that as well . if it 's possible . i do n't think it 's very expensive actually . i did n't have information about that . and and and does it have to work only in english , or in dutch too or that 's a problem , uh only in english . only in english i think . it 's probably my job to figure that out , does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever then th we have to think about that . maybe maybe it 's too hard to uh to realise that . we have short time to to put it on the market , in uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing . i do n't think it 's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . a uh someone says that uh give me one coke , and the t _ v _ turns uh to one . and then you have to say uh t _ v _ channel one , or something . not just one , okay , no speech recognition .", "summary": "abstract: the group again discussed the possibility of adding speech recognition and lcd screens to the design but decided that it was not feasible ."}
{"dialogue": "do we , do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything ? yeah , i think so . if you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , it lights up when it 's dark ? if you push something , it it all lights up . it it must n't work all the time . it uh uh it have to work only when you use it . if you use one button , it must turn uh on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off . it 's the same as the telephone . yeah . uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . uh teletext options are only four buttons or something . because you ne almost never use it . but younger people i think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext . i use te teletext every day , i think . and i think , uh 'cause um we do n't have that many buttons , we just keep it one level then ?", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to have the remote light up when used and is including teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "trendwatching . you know what you have to do .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert was instructed to report on trendwatching ."}
{"dialogue": "you know what you have to do . trendwatching .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare a report on trendwatching ."}
{"dialogue": "so we just can skip the l _ c _ d _ r on the remote control , i i think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , <laugh> yeah , i tho i think that 's not usable . i do n't think it 's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . okay , no speech recognition .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not feature speech recognition or an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "we can make the normal one also a normal light . not a led light , but as a normal one . uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . yeah , i think so . if you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , it 's the same as the telephone . yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will light up when a button is pressed , much like a mobile phone ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: complicated features will be hidden from the more simple functions on the main interface ."}
{"dialogue": "we definitely should use it . um uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . i use te teletext every day , i think . we just keep it one level then ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature teletext capabilities , and the teletext buttons will be included on the main interface ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the the forty plus people , i already told you . oh , this is a problem . oh sorry about that . the new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . so it should be flashy or just more interesting . that'sit changes things . that kinda changes the whole situation . then we have to make some nice features . but younger people i think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext .", "summary": "problems: there was a misunderstanding about the target user group that forced the group to reevaluate their decisions on several components once they received the correct information ."}
{"dialogue": "that 's <laugh> not very good , because i thought about television , d _ v _ d _ player , stereo and v _ c _ r _ . but it 's already out of the question , this . um my point is , well , i <other> if we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , i think it 's hard to uh sell it for twenty five euros .", "summary": "problems: the new requirement that the remote was only to control television forced the group to change some of their initial design ideas ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's the t _ v _ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . so if you have a universal t _ v _ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . so we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . so that it can be used with all the t _ v _ s . we have to really understand what patterns are used , otherwise it wo n't work . we have to uh make buttons for that as well , so we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to an automatically search function for each television , or something . i dunno how it 's uh exactly how it works . i i use a universal uh remote control , and you have to put in a number , i have a modern one . and the modern one you you uh you type uh search , and uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . and then you know , oh it it 's the right one .", "summary": "problems: the group did not reach a decision on how to ensure that the remote would recognize all brands of televisions ."}
