{"dialogue": "we 're going to talk about the conceptual model . i just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute . we just talked about it looks . has to look nice . usability is very important . people do n't want to spend money on something that 's similar to cheaper ones . um it has to be very basic , not too many buttons . light switches on if you use a button . uh text t _ v _ still has to be a possibility . and it has to be easy to learn . and the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text t _ v _ button . that are the functions .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i just want to give you uh mike again , the first uh presentation i received an email uh and uh i searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . it has been done in italy uh italy and in uh another country in europe , uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . so it 's very important for us to create something new . fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . uh this uh aspect is the most important one . it uh is twice important as the following . <other> the second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative . uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . and then uh that uhthis is a point of discussion , because we just decided that we do n't make use of uh l _ c _ d _ or uh speech recognition . but we already have the flashing flashing light uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . we already discussed that . uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy . so i took uh that part of the webpage . and it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh pari <other> uh france and uh italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends . this trends i th uh trend i think it 's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . but it 's about uh clothes and shoes . but the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . spongy , like sponge . so rubber , kind of . uh soft materials . but maybe th that 's al definitely a good idea , because you 've you 're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . but i did n't knew uh knew what it means . it 's also a stress-ball . uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , i think about changeable fronts . uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . and uh some basic uh colour fronts . uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . <other> just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . we have to discuss about that . main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . how do we do that ? maybe speech ? we ma must have some kind of gadget .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert gave a trendwatching report ."}
{"dialogue": "uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . so it 's very important for us to create something new . uh this uh aspect is the most important one .", "summary": "abstract: he found that a fancy look and feel was most important for users ."}
{"dialogue": "but the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . spongy , like sponge . so rubber , kind of . uh soft materials . but maybe th that 's al definitely a good idea , because you 've you 're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . but i did n't knew uh knew what it means . it 's also a stress-ball .", "summary": "abstract: he also discussed the trend towards spongy materials ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> it 's very uh difficult to to to do it . because it 's only twelve and a half euros you have to spend on every remote control . that 's the problem . that 's the main problem . maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations . actually we have do n't have an idea how much it 's gon na cost . but maybe it 's cheap and it 's easy to implement . if we implement uh speech recognition , i think it would be better to implement l _ c _ d _ as well . since you have to uh configure speech thing . but a telephone also have a l _ c _ d _ and and it 's about t two hundred euros . we have to decide on that . i got an email uh and it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . they say uh a display requires an advanced chip . and this is more expensive than all the other chips . and speech recognition ? yeah , probably too . i i have n't got anything about speech recognition ,", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the cost of adding speech recognition , the lcd screen , and the advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "i had uh to make a sort of a design . i watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls . so i did some searching on the internet . this is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . i think we should go more to the ipod and m _ p _ three players . mobile phones . just modern modern but still uh basic . um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 'cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both outboth sides . and here you just have one , few buttons . uh i definitely think we should go like this . and then changeable fonts , it 's the most important part , i think . and the home base is something like that , something simple . and then i just ordered the the buttons a bit . uh basic buttons . on-off , mute . and th maybe two others , i dunno . text buttons . and then the colour buttons , if we want it on . i do n't find it very usable , and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the ipod . they can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . and uh f above ten . <other> that 's on on the display . that th there is no display there . but it 's on the place of the display . and i think we should uh light this up much more than that part . my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . m _ p _ three player . if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , wei do n't think we should put it on top then . i think that , if we 're gon na put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open . if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed the look of the interface with the group ."}
{"dialogue": "so you do n't see all the buttons you else need . <cough> but it sounds very difficult to use . because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . so you ca n't use your thumb for it . here we have also side scrolls . i dunno if we can use that . do we want to use for volume . for volume , or a channel . then we can even simplify it more . by just putting the volume on the side . and and just channel buttons here . the channel buttons are often used . and you ca n't use them now with your thumb , m maybe we cho should put that on top , and buttons we we do n't use on , in the bottom . yeah , just th th th other buttons like text t _ v _ . put that on the button bottom . you mean uh these to the low ? except from the on-off button . but i i think w you 'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . so maybe we can put that on the bottom . i think it 's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top . <other> i think it 's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . i think th the the top buttons are okay . they sh those should be on top . but uh we we can switch those two ,", "summary": "abstract: they discussed the placement and design of the buttons and decided to use scroll wheels for volume ."}
{"dialogue": "the component design . i looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge . this was on the web site . if you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . so flashy kinda colours . uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . notnothing square-like . ipod is trendy . and it is well curvedsquare . we should n't have too square corners and that kind of thing . and um sports and gaming device style characteristics .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer advised that flashy colors and rounded shapes be used ."}
{"dialogue": "we have to put our real reaction logo as well on the on the <laugh> remote control . the colours also . so we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow . maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black . because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public . maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front . uh ca n't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? can we do that ? so like fronts in in red and yellow and blue still still transparent . yeah . but with all with logo on it . but anyways uh it should be transparent . just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . just give five with them , just in a box . <laugh> five different but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate the logo and including changeable faces ."}
{"dialogue": "um the buttons . normal rubber i think . like normal ordinary buttons . soft . it it could be like a nokia , likeplastic . with the hard hard buttons . i think uh rubber really has an odd look . the the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the <other> uh the style , i think is part of the remote control itself . it do n't come out of the <other> on the background . it 's it 's all on one level . so that should be hard plastic . but maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . basic remote control from normal plastic , the rounds of it from softer s the normal infrared l _ e _ d _ i think s sufficient . and back light l _ e _ d _ s . but i think there are multiple colour leds . and in green colour , the back lights just make it some different colours . blue , red and green , or something .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed materials for the buttons and the backlight ."}
{"dialogue": "but i think we have to make the case transparent , uh you can just make them around the buttons uh uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in . we still want to have a recharger , do n't we ? re recharger . base station . uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . and and we can use the home station kind of thing . it 's just batteries , it 's dark in the room . but you mostly use it indoors , or we can also use solar cells . um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uhlike with the pulse watch . um cases , flat , so uncurved . uh two d _ curved is um like front to the back . and three d _ curved is also in depth . uh but with three d _ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . so we ca n't use the flat buttons . um these kinda materials can be used . we just make it plastic . and uh the l _ c _ d _ . we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an l _ c _ d _ . i do n't think that 's an opportunity . uh are are we using a a rubber case , uh i do n't think a rubber case looks the trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . fruit and veg can be just the covers . i ca n't imagine a soft remote control . titanium , uh i think it 's too expensive . just hard plastic ? not the sh the square form . you can make it curved or mm round . but just in two d _ , not in depth . more rounded . so the energy uh is the recharger . we have to decide which one we 're going to choose from these . what exactly . just a normal battery . the case is just a plastic one . yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . and we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to use rechargeable batteries and a stand , to use plastic for the casing and buttons , and to not include an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i _ d _ and u _ i _ d _ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . that 's for the next one . but you definitely get a specific instruction . <laugh> but th think about something that 's more rounded . yeah , five . let 's give five .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to draw the prototype at the next meeting , and the user interface designer was instructed to finalize the button placement ."}
{"dialogue": "like a very big scroll-wheel . <other> but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it . i think uh you 'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it 's not wanted . maybe you just have to make it uhthat 's not scrollable too easy . uh i think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . it does n't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . i think uh zapping is the highest priority . uh but i think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , but uh but i i think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . so so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time . we have to care that it r uh looks really new . because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control . 'cause wha what i see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside . but i i it should be round in in shape . if we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo . you have to look at that image of the ipod . uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? maybe you can buy separate ones uh buy the product . you buy , you get one . and uh basic . y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? you could put it like that , so top down . do we have to design that w as well ? the docking station ? but th yeah , that can be very simple . least . but we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well . but maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . as long as it isn is in two d _ we can use all kind of round shapes . but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . i dunno . i dunno if it 's handy . i think it will only look more like the old remote controls . we have to make a decision , what kind of form it 's gon na have t going to have . i think if w my opinion . if we just uh take the ipod , and the same look . so uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours . and uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . and you have the scroll button inside . just together with the back-lights you 'll get a totally new look . more like the m _ p _ three player m _ um p _ m _ p _ three player . no rubber buttons or something . but why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? does n't have to be . though that 's a trend . if we want to make it . i think it 's okay if you just keep it a bit square . i d i do n't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff . uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what 's it called uh scroll wheel . make it in in yellow or something . just like the colours of real reaction . we just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . do we s keep that ? but you 'd definitely need a advanced chip . and we we have to build in a microphone i d i did n't receive any information on speech recognition , can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , probably we need a uh advanced chip then . but we do n't have any f information about the cost . yeah , uh i have i have some some information about the cost . but just a about the chip . our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . this is a very small electronic unit , will give a standard answer after it recognise a question . justyou say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample . it works like uh good morning remote control , and then the remote control says good morning . that 's integrated in the chip , but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well . it it would be would be a good feature feature .", "summary": "abstract: the group finalized the look of the product , and eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i _ d _ and u _ i _ d _ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . that 's for the next one .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will draw the prototype design on the smartboard at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: the user interface designer was instructed to finalize the placement of the buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "for volume . for volume , or a channel . here we have also side scrolls . the scroll wheels , that 's cool . that 's for the volume .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to use a scroll button for volume control ."}
{"dialogue": "uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what 's it called uh scroll wheel . make it in in yellow or something . just like the colours of real reaction .", "summary": "decisions: it will be small and yellow , to use one of the colors of the real reaction logo ."}
{"dialogue": "we still want to have a recharger , do n't we ? re recharger . base station . uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . and and we can use the home station kind of thing . so the energy uh is the recharger . just a normal battery .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will include rechargeable batteries and will be used with a recharging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "it it could be like a nokia , likeplastic . with the hard hard buttons . so that should be hard plastic . we just make it plastic . just hard plastic ? the case is just a plastic one .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature plastic buttons and casing , rather than rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "i do n't think that 's an opportunity .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "but just in two d _ , not in depth . more rounded . but i i it should be round in in shape . you have to look at that image of the ipod . but maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . i think it 's okay if you just keep it a bit square .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a double-curved , rounded square design ."}
{"dialogue": "uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? yeah , five . let 's give five .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to design five changeable faces for the device ."}
{"dialogue": "can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , probably we need a uh advanced chip then . it it would be would be a good feature feature .", "summary": "decisions: they eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "actually we have do n't have an idea how much it 's gon na cost . <other> it 's very uh difficult to to to do it . but maybe it 's cheap and it 's easy to implement . if we implement uh speech recognition , i think it would be better to implement l _ c _ d _ as well . you mean uh these to the low ? but i i think w you 'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . yeah , just th th th other buttons like text t _ v _ . put that on the button bottom . m maybe we cho should put that on top , uh i think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . maybe you just have to make it uhthat 's not scrollable too easy . it does n't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . uh but i think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , but uh but i i think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . i think it will only look more like the old remote controls . but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . but maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . i think it 's okay if you just keep it a bit square . but why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , we just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . do we s keep that ? it it would be would be a good feature feature .", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulties deciding on the placement of the buttons , the shape of the device , and whether or not to include speech recognition ."}
