{"dialogue": "so these are the um last notes we i made . f you 're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me . if anything does n't look right , just say it to me then .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the agenda and the minutes from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "are we doing the the speech recognition ? okay , but it 's still possible uh uh financially . okay yeah . well then then we 're gon na put it in . or are we making a slide open , like underneath ? slide open is uh quite usable for remote controls . <other> it 's may maybe uh a bit stronger as well . yeah , we 're gon na use the advanced chip then . no , you have a different chip for speech recognition . so so i already calculated that and it 's still in the budget .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed speech recognition , whether the remote should slide open or fold open , and what type of chip they should use ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , we just made a word file with the basic elements . simply a square with uh round corners . <other> uh the material should be hard plastic . uh colour changeable , and also transparent . the functions are just basic . mute function , on-off function , text functions . and the logo is over here , and the mic . so how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone ? yeah , speech recognition . um i did n't have a specification of that . but um i can imagine that you have to input your voice or something . only one button to say it 's on or off . yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you do n't need 'em anymore . well we have n't had time to design that , the slide pad . i can imagine you need at least four buttons or something . so um on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find . um the on-off button is a bit bigger , uh so it stands out . it 's <other> basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as i know . it 's uh twelve buttons . f the form well , we 've taken that from the ipod , other popular technical device . um we 'll use hard plastic . since that allows us to use uh two d _ buttons , uh non-rubber buttons . we have decided uh <other> in the the channel buttons , there 's a little uh colour around it . and also in the num-pads , there 's also colourlight behind it .", "summary": "abstract: the designers presented the prototype , which resembles an ipod in appearance , and is made of transparent coloured plastic ."}
{"dialogue": "uh colour changeable , and also transparent .", "summary": "abstract: the colours will be changeable ."}
{"dialogue": "um on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find . um the on-off button is a bit bigger , uh so it stands out . it 's <other> basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as i know . it 's uh twelve buttons .", "summary": "abstract: the remote has both buttons and a scroll wheel ."}
{"dialogue": "we have decided uh <other> in the the channel buttons , there 's a little uh colour around it . and also in the num-pads , there 's also colourlight behind it .", "summary": "abstract: the number buttons have a back-light ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , maybe we use this button for the okay , there is one uh function i use uh daily , and it 's not on the basic functions . it 's uh to switch to uh uh your scart . just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left or something . <laugh> right , the video channel , play station , etcetera . that 's used pretty often . so here are multiple speech buttons , i do n't know how many . uh menu buttons with arrows . maybe one button to switch the colour of your uh leds ? colour buttons . yeah , maybe some uh some text next to the scroll wheel , that it is volume . there 's one text button i prefer . that 's the one uh that you use if you search for a page , uh like seven hundred , uh and it 's counting from one hundred to two hundred , you will switch to your television and back to text . if you if you turn teletext on , you you set the seven hundred , and you turn it off , then the next time you turn it on , it still stays on seven hundred ? that 's a functionality for the television . <other> uh the remote can send like the the code for seven hundred , page seven hundred to the television . th th th if you switch it on .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed adding extra buttons / functions ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i made some criteria uh , so we can uh ev evaluate our model . and we have to test the criteria from one to zero . we sh we we we can give it uh a number , and then we can give ourself an average for our and um <laugh> we have to discuss about <laugh> , if we give it a one or a seven . if it 's really uh , if you can if you can get the ipod look , then it 's beautiful , i think . the basic colours are black or green or yellow ? maybe um company colours ? a bit a bit of yellow . yeah , grey . just dark grey i think . changeable fronts , so ev for everyone for everyone it 's something beautiful . okay , just give it a two . <cough> the fancy look-and-feel . and we can change the colours , so that 's uh really fancy i think . it 's pretty cool . if you slide it open , < sliding sound > it lights up . and th and the the normal backlights also not the buttons , but behind the buttons . i think it 's one . <other> learnable ? easy to use ? uh <other> it 's it 's very easy to use , but uh the second layer is not easy to use . and you on do n't have to pay attention to that second layer . because because i think i think the scroll wheel , uh it 's very handy , but the first time you get this thing in your hands , it 's not to use the scroll wheel . then a two . new features . techno technological innovative ? and the scrollwheel , backlights , slide . <other> the speech function is new . and the slide . uh i think the slide is pretty new . but then we also have the the home station . we are forgetting about that now , but yeah , we did n't draw that too , but okay . and new features , so we give it a two or also again a one ? no , just so it 's still a two . yeah , but did we reach , um <other> with our uh style , the targeted audience ? you get the fancy things for younger people . and you get the the aesthetic things for older people . but we did n't follow the latest trends . yeah , you could make a a front like a a f banana kind of front . so we give ourself a three or something . yeah , it is one point eight three . a perfect score . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the prototype was evaluated and received an average overall score of 1.8 ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , let 's have a look at this one here , the production cost of it . yeah , there are some that they did n't mention , because recharge is not on the list . so i think we are pretty much in the right direction , because it 's twelve point three euros . <laugh> but but is it inc does it include a a homestation or can we make that for uh h twenty cents ? <laugh> the b the button supplements , i did n't i d i was wondering if this special colour maybe was <laugh> but this is expensive , the sample speaker . is that uh included ? in the twelve euro or", "summary": "abstract: the project manager went through the finances , and the total cost came to 12 . 3 euros , although this did not include the cost of the recharger , which was not on the price list ."}
{"dialogue": "so we can do the project evalu evaluation now for uh for everything together . was there room for creativity ? mm uh i yeah , i think so . yeah m if we got a high mark for um uh innovativeness or innovativity i think we uh discussed a lot of things about it . so okay , so the leadership <laugh> just normal discussion , i think . not one leader or something . uh team work the third meeting i think that one was pretty hard . we were not allwe were not um agree with every not agree with . uh i think we <other> we got wrong information at the wrong time . i think that was the m biggest problem . like uh the prices . if we knew that before , we could have uh had discussion really uh s really quicker . but the teamwork was okay . yeah , uh everybody could speak their uh opinion . i think uh everyone listen to each other . the smart board is okay . digital pen is horrible . but if you want to download it to your computer , it 's does n't work . well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with , if it worked really well . yeah , i if if it would be faster , it would be great . yeah , the drawings are are hard to make , i think . just old fashioned kinda blackboard style . but you might as well do it in normal computer style . new ideas found . i do n't know what it mean . to gather , or to uh work together , uh or new ideas for yeah , but still , you could n't make a fancy a f you could n't make a a prototype out of this . because we do n't have any sizes and yeah , but ityou ca n't possibly do that in such a short time , i think . yeah , this this is just the idea phase ,", "summary": "abstract: the group evaluated the project process , and were generally pleased with their creativity and teamwork , but were unsatisfied with the equipment ."}
{"dialogue": "i think justi just write a final report . fill in the questionnaire .", "summary": "action: the group have to fill out a final questionnaire ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> uh the material should be hard plastic . uh colour changeable , and also transparent .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be made of hard , transparent coloured plastic , and will come in different colours ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's uh twelve buttons . it 's <other> basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as i know .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will include buttons and a scroll wheel ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote control will feature speech recognition and a slide-out second level ."}
{"dialogue": "well we have n't had time to design that , the slide pad . and h how does the second level come out ? uh it slides uh along ?", "summary": "problems: the designers had not included the slide-out second level in their drawing of the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "so how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone ? yeah , speech recognition . um i did n't have a specification of that . but um i can imagine that you have to input your voice or something . only one button to say it 's on or off . yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you do n't need 'em anymore . i can imagine you need at least four buttons or something . so so here are multiple speech buttons , i do n't know how many .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure how many extra buttons would be needed for speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i think we <other> we got wrong information at the wrong time . i think that was the m biggest problem .", "summary": "problems: the group felt the information they got was not always useful , or was not given to them at the right time ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's kind of weird that we <other> we get this information now , afterwards . like uh the prices . if we knew that before , we could have uh had discussion really uh s really quicker .", "summary": "problems: it was felt that the group should have received the information about costs before designing the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "digital pen is horrible . but if you want to download it to your computer , it 's does n't work . well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with , if it worked really well . yeah , i if if it would be faster , it would be great . yeah , the drawings are are hard to make , i think . just old fashioned kinda blackboard style . but you might as well do it in normal computer style .", "summary": "problems: the group had problems with the smart board and digital pens ."}
