{"dialogue": "welcome everyone to our next meeting . but um i 've prepared a little presentation once again um or at least an agenda i think uh the biggest part of the presentation will be uh on your side . um we are here at the conceptual design meeting , which is hereby opened . um today we once again have uh three presentations , if i 'm right , and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts . um once again i will try to uh write some minutes i 'd say let 's start with the first presentation . um in the same order as last time ? components design , first of all i 've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um <other> you know from what uh the remote control 's formed . uh first of all , the case , the case , the surrounding of the of the the remote control . the case was is made from rubber , i suppose . because when you use a remote control a lot of people uh will uh will uh drop their remote control the uh titanium was also an option . but uh it 's a very expensive material . uh rubber is , i think , uh the best suitable uh material uh to use uh for our uh um it 's poss it 's also possible to uh create fancy colours with rubber . uh titanium uh you have to paint it and with that uh it 's possible to scratch it um <other> i h i had an idea single covered uh curved , sorry , single curved . it 's t two dimensional . i think it 's uh it 's best to draw i thought of an idea like this . so it also looks nice when it 's on your table . uh it does n't lay flat down on the table , but it 's c it 's stands . um the graphical user interface and the buttons , uh we also thought about that already . uh i thought about uh the l _ c _ d _ touch screen , and um it should be made of strong plastic and it should be bright . uh this should uh be uh our uh button component . uh the batteries , uh we also thought about that already , and they should be long lasting , not uh not be empty uh in about uh two minutes or uh thirty minutes or forty minutes of use . uh there was an option to use s a rather simple chip but i think uh because uh of our uh highly uh requiring uh requirements , there should be an advanced chip in it with uh also the ability to uh facilitate speaker speech recognition there should be some more uh investigation on that side . i also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use uh our own business colours . i think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber . but i do n't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour . <other> we could make a little r _ and r _ on the top of the machine . i suggest , because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours uh and also in a lot of possible colours , so it 's possible to make very uh fancy uh remote controls but i if you drop it it 's not uh broken uh right away s instead of using uh plastic , hard plastic or uh titanium . uh s as i said uh before rubber is uh is impossible to damage severely", "summary": "abstract: after the project manager opened the meeting , the industrial designer discussed his preference for making a remote which is single-curved , made of rubber , contains an lcd , has a docking station to recharge the batteries , and uses a simple chip ."}
{"dialogue": "uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station i thought a little bit about the interface . uh how it should look . and uh <other> uh we uh determined that will not be no buttons , but only an l _ c _ d _ screen , uh first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition . and this is that uh um uh uh you you ask you give a question through through the device and it answers you . and they already uh put this in an in a coffee maker . this uh and there 's an easy way to uh program that um perhaps it 's useful , perhaps for because people um lose the remote , they can yell uh remote where are you andcalls or something . and then i have to go out of the presentation because i tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like and perhaps we could uh implement that . i tried to uh the l _ c _ d _ screen i tried to sort of to draw . i thought uh at least uh the icon for the volume . and then the buttons above and uh below the and the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon . i think it 's not really on scale and and so forth . um an options button . it 's uh options is the settings of the remote and of the t _ v _ and that kind of uh thing . perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should , so that it 's better in your hand or something uh . but uh and and uh a microph microphone for the speech uh recognition if we want to implement that . uh and then uh if you press the op options button , now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what what you could do and uh it 's also uh i thought think we discussed uh earlier that uh older people do n't really want to use uh these extra settings . and you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your uh remote , so you could scroll scroll uh across these uh things .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed how speech recognition could be useful to users who often lose their remotes , the layout of the interface , and the option to include a scroll device on the side of the remote to access a menu containing extra features ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm going to tell you something about a trend watching . the trends from the past years , what the people like , what the youngsters like , what the elderly people liked about shapes , colours , material and stuff . the most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy . the second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative , like the l _ c _ d _ screen that 's <other> quite innovative and the third thing is it should be easy to use . i think with only one menu , four button , channel , volume , it should also be enough for easy to use . the personal preferences for the young people , they liked fruity colours like uh banana yellow , uh strawberry red and stuff . the round shapes , and soft material m materials like the rubber . it should be soft uh i it should feeling spongy or s sponge bob like things . elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown , red , deep reds and stuff . they liked square shapes with round edges . and hard materials like wood , um titanium . and then i th i i personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like it 's it 's a bit like a banana . and for the elderly people just plain old . i think like my colleague , you said , is that 's e better , or for the elderly people something like like the ipod or something , with round squares .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed the results of trend-watching reports and his preference for a banana-like remote for younger people and a traditional remote for older people ."}
{"dialogue": "the most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy . the second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative , like the l _ c _ d _ screen that 's <other> quite innovative and the third thing is it should be easy to use . i think with only one menu , four button , channel , volume , it should also be enough for easy to use . the personal preferences for the young people , they liked fruity colours like uh banana yellow , uh strawberry red and stuff . the round shapes , and soft material m materials like the rubber . it should be soft uh i it should feeling spongy or s sponge bob like things . elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown , red , deep reds and stuff . they liked square shapes with round edges . and hard materials like wood , um titanium . and then i th i i personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like it 's it 's a bit like a banana . and for the elderly people just plain old .", "summary": "abstract: the trend-watching reports indicated that products should be fancy , innovative , easy to use , in fruity colors , in soft and spongy materials , and in hard materials in autumn colors with square shapes with round edges if appealing to elderly people ."}
{"dialogue": "because we decided to have two kind of remotes , two designs , or was it two colours ? we should decide whether it 's going to be with round shapes . i think like my colleague , you said , is that 's e better , or for the elderly people something like like the ipod or something , with round squares . you could you could uh change the colours , that was also the idea . i guess changing colours will be easier than changing uh changing just the shape of the uh remote control ? perhaps you could find something in the middle . round corners , but s but square , yeah . but maybe then both groups wo n't buy it . and the l _ c _ d _ screen was uh rather small . um . w i think that l _ c _ d _ screen should be like but i think it should be larger . yeah , three quarters . larger i think . looks a bit like a game boy now . <laugh> so it 's a bit square , but it 's also a bit uh round . uhlook something like that . autumn colours like red , brown . so maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour . between the young people ? fresh , exciting . and the old people , old and boring . like i said , young people like more soft materials and spongy ones so we have to decide if we 're going to use real hard rubber , or soft rubber . or something something between that . soft rubber . like like like a a eraser or something . that 's the bit you can press it in , yeah it 's quite hard but you can press it in . so we should first decide about shape , i think . but if yo if you make the the l _ c _ d _ screen as large as the remote control itself , uh you 'll <other> you 'll always get some you always touch it , because you have how much ? nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen . because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time . and we wo n't include a a pen , or something to point , we we want to do it with our fingers , because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you ca n't use yeah o yeah , if they think it 's handy to use a pen . and maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers , huh . <laugh> but that that can bewith plain soft tissue . and the case , yeah we already discussed the case , we wanted to make it from rubber but but a hard rubber like this ? or softer rubber uh hard rubber i think . we have different colours . the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ? i think it 's more round than square . <other> but i think it should be a bit longer , perhaps . i think it meets more the young people than the older people . but that 's what we want , . and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve ? i thought that was a quite good uh got a single curved uh rubber what 's the standard colour ? we have different colour . you should you should have a black one because uh i think black is standard . dark grey , something like this this colour or something . i think it 's better to have silver nowadays . yeah the the silver black are our main colours . yeah . w what about a yellow thing , it 'll be a banana yellow , we have . green , wood , brown . but if you use uh silver , uh rubber s silver rubber is n't fancy . i would think about colours like uh red , yellow , green , blue , the fruity colours and the autumn colours , like red and brown , dark red and brown . and and do we have to have a normal black one , or uh", "summary": "abstract: the team discussed case shapes , color options , types of rubber , and dimensions ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe i should uh should show some points on which we uh should take a decision . so we can discuss these points . those points um energy question mark . are we going to do it with separate docking station uh chip on print and case . i think energy were batteries the docking station . maybe it 's better to to include rechargeable batteries we already decided that on the previous meeting . which you can recharge through the docking station . if the badg the batteries are dead then you can re you can uh change them . <other> but it should be th i think normal batteries , normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . yeah . um what was with the chip on print ? chip on print with a with a <other> simple uh a sim not a simple but a but how did this how does that with a l _ c _ d _ screen ? you still have a print plate . i dunno what w what we have to decide about that . chip on print , i think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got , uh it 's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button . but when you got a l _ c _ d _ screen , with no uh with not <other> the buttons are not always on the same place , but the p print plate of l _ l _ c _ d _ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate , you need some kind of c _ p _ u _ , i guess . mm , i do n't i dunno i do n't think that's yeah , it 's quite a simple l _ c _ d _ screen . i think they do n't need that big of c _ p _ u _ . but it the the remote control has to know whether you 're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume . so it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or c _ p _ u _ because we 're projecting projecting the buttons on the l _ c _ d _ screen . there are also some some questions uh about the concepts i think what we should also have on , i just remembered , um a menu to go back through the first uh if if you touch options , you ca n't go back to this uh right away now . is n't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal ? if you make the screen vertical it does n't matter . i think it 's it 's easier to have it something likeoh a button uh minus here , plus over here . a minus here , plus over here . the other buttons and on here <other> the top . i think i would put a plus and a min uh here . and then the p _ in the mid in the middle we 'll leave that to the usability engineering then . <laugh> but i 'm going to look if i 've got some examples so not how muchn not how often it 's used , but w what 's what 's usual or normal . because i have two televisions at home . one is horizontal , one is vertical , it does it does n't really matter , i think we have we do n't have to decide about that now and the speech uh shall we implement that ? but then you should also find a place you could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something . you can make a very sensitive microphone , maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there 's also a microphone uh but that 's not import i think that 's not im very important you could p you could put it in a logo of the company . <laugh> between the round of the r _ . but it does n't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh just 'cause other remotes do n't have that . because a microphone is very small thing , but you can make it look like it 's big so as its its really an important function of the remote . we already s discussed that , huh , the the l _ c _ d _ <other> interface type . i think it 's better to justup what you 'd like to do on the screen . if you want to go back you have to back button go back , if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu . the the young people do like uh scroll uh and i think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh i think the scroll 's easier if you have a lot of options , you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television , you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen . and i think i would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side", "summary": "abstract: the team then made decisions regarding energy sources , components , and the remote interface ."}
{"dialogue": "and especially notice that uh the industrial designer and the user interface designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board"}
{"dialogue": "and we wo n't include a a pen , or something to point ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not include a pen ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the batteries , uh we also thought about that already , uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . yeah . maybe it 's better to to include rechargeable batteries we already decided that on the previous meeting . which you can recharge through the docking station .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use rechargeable batteries which recharge in a docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "but the p print plate of l _ l _ c _ d _ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate , chip on print with a with a <other> simple uh a sim not a simple but a", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a chip on print ."}
{"dialogue": "and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve ? i thought that was a quite good uh got a single curved uh rubber", "summary": "decisions: the case will be single curved ."}
{"dialogue": "we wanted to make it from rubber uh got a single curved uh rubber", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will contain a microphone for speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "so then it 's uh very handy to to scroll down , and i think i would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television , you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a scrolling device ."}
{"dialogue": "perhaps you could find something in the middle . round corners , but s but square , yeah . but maybe then both groups wo n't buy it . so it 's a bit square , but it 's also a bit uh round . so we should first decide about shape , i think . but i think it should be larger . looks a bit like a game boy now . <laugh> the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ? i think it 's more round than square . <other> but i think it should be a bit longer , perhaps .", "summary": "problems: what shape the remote should be ."}
{"dialogue": "so we have to decide if we 're going to use real hard rubber , or soft rubber . or something something between that . soft rubber . like like like a a eraser or something . that 's the bit you can press it in , yeah it 's quite hard but you can press it in . but but a hard rubber like this ? or softer rubber uh hard rubber i think .", "summary": "problems: whether to use hard or soft rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "and we wo n't include a a pen , or something to point , we we want to do it with our fingers , because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you ca n't use yeah o yeah , if they think it 's handy to use a pen .", "summary": "problems: whether to include a pen to use with the touchscreen on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe it 's better to to include rechargeable batteries we already decided that on the previous meeting . which you can recharge through the docking station . if the badg the batteries are dead then you can re you can uh change them . <other> but it should be th i think normal batteries , normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . yeah .", "summary": "problems: what sort of batteries to use ."}
{"dialogue": "i think they do n't need that big of c _ p _ u _ . yeah , it 's quite a simple l _ c _ d _ screen . mm , i do n't i dunno i do n't think that's you need some kind of c _ p _ u _ , i guess . but it the the remote control has to know whether you 're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume . so it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or c _ p _ u _ because we 're projecting projecting the buttons on the l _ c _ d _ screen .", "summary": "problems: whether the remote requires a cpu ."}
{"dialogue": "the other buttons and on here <other> the top . i think it 's it 's easier to have it something likeoh a button uh minus here , plus over here . a minus here , plus over here . if you make the screen vertical it does n't matter . is n't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal ? i think i would put a plus and a min uh here . and then the p _ in the mid in the middle but i 'm going to look if i 've got some examples we 'll leave that to the usability engineering then . <laugh> so not how muchn not how often it 's used , but w what 's what 's usual or normal . because i have two televisions at home . one is horizontal , one is vertical , it does it does n't really matter , i think we have we do n't have to decide about that now", "summary": "problems: position of buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "but then you should also find a place you could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something . you can make a very sensitive microphone , maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there 's also a microphone uh but that 's not import i think that 's not im very important you could p you could put it in a logo of the company . <laugh> between the round of the r _ . because a microphone is very small thing , but you can make it look like it 's big", "summary": "problems: position of a microphone on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "what 's the standard colour ? we have different colour . you should you should have a black one because uh i think black is standard . dark grey , something like this this colour or something . i think it 's better to have silver nowadays . yeah the the silver black are our main colours . yeah . w what about a yellow thing , it 'll be a banana yellow , we have . green , wood , brown . but if you use uh silver , uh rubber s silver rubber is n't fancy . i would think about colours like uh red , yellow , green , blue , the fruity colours and the autumn colours , like red and brown , dark red and brown . and and do we have to have a normal black one , or uh", "summary": "problems: color of remote ."}
