{"dialogue": "let 's get started . uh opening acquaintance , tool training , uh how to use the things here . uh project plan discussion , and yeah then the rest of the meeting . um we 're supposed to develop a new remote control , that 's both original , trendy and user-friendly . um we 're work we 're working uh from top to bottom . uh functional design , then we do some in individual work , then we have a meeting to discuss the results , etcetera etcetera . and at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up .", "summary": "abstract: when the meeting begins the project manager lists the agenda and then describes the project , which is to develop a new remote control that is original , trendy , and user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "uh we have available the smart board and the whiteboard . um uh we should take some practice . i have some instructions now to do that . you know how tothe documents work . uh this for toolbar . you see it next . um and we can use this pen to perform . <laugh> it does n't always work . and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera etcetera . each of you can uh take some practice and you should draw an animal . uh you should explainuh with different colours and with different pen widths . and you should explain why you draw that particular animal . different pen widths , how do you do that ? uh with the format menu . and use different colours etcetera . <laugh> it 's a giraffe . yeah . can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? or so y you must save it at the end you can press the next button , i in the file option menu . is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ? introduction and get acquainted i 'm guessing a turtle . how to select the next or colours were under format a fox yeah . <laugh> it 's a cat .", "summary": "abstract: the group practices using the smart board by choosing an animal to draw and then explaining why they picked it ."}
{"dialogue": "we have a financial aspect to this project . <other> um we can sell them at twenty five euros . uh the aim is to reachuh uh to sell as much as fifty million euros . uh that 's quite a big amount of money . and the production cost should be the half of the selling price . now it 's time for some discussion . uh i 'm taking notes . um", "summary": "abstract: the project manager goes over the product budget and they proceed to have discussion ."}
{"dialogue": "we each have a specific task , i did n't know if you received the same mail . as i saw in my mail . this industrati industrial designer should produce a working design . uh the user interface designer should specify the technical functions . <laugh> and the marketing uh expert should come up with user requirements . uh did any of you already do some work on this part i started making an overview for myself , um what i had to do , and in every step i have a s specific task to perform or whatever . 'cause we have three design steps uh and what did the marketing expert do ? from a marketing uh <other> perspective , um well the function des design phase uh consists out of the user requirements . um what needs and desires are to be fulfilled ? there are a few means to reach that um by by doing research <other> uh to see what existing products are there out in the market . i mean , what functions do they have . um especially what are their shortcomings ? are there any new functions uh which can be added to our product ? um therefore we have to to do some internet search . for example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions ? um <other> and we can interview current users and future users . what w what would they like to see uh on a new remote control ? um especially for future users , uh i 'm thinking of early adopters , because they they use new technology first , um but have you any idea so far as what uh the user requirements are ? no n not specifically .", "summary": "abstract: they each identify their individual tasks during each phase based on their role in the group ."}
{"dialogue": "and do you have any ideas about the product uh so far ? i started i started with the first phase , i had to focus on the working design , which you said . i basically had two points . uh <other> according to the coffee uh machine example , i have batteries to supply energy , and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the t _ v _ . i got another point . it uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the t _ v _ apparatus or stereo . uh it 's uh some buttons for for the on off function . and for the changing up to theto all the channels and changing the volume . that are the the basic options for a remote control . i mean , you wan na ch ch flip the channel but you might wan na use teletext also . <cough> i got some uh requirements it has uhit has to be user-friendly . <laugh> <other> uh really easy to use buttons , not not uh very small buttons , but not the the also the big big buttons , it has to be a small unit . you can take it with you uh everywhere in in your house . uh and a and a good uh zapping range . <laugh> uh the distance uh from your television to your uh remote control has to be , uh yeah um yeah , quite a big distance . i do n't think i have anything more to add at the moment . i think we can go ahead with what we have . i will summarise the things we discussed and put it in the project folder .", "summary": "abstract: they briefly discuss characteristics of a desirable remote , including medium size buttons , small unit , and work within a good zapping range ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the use of the industrial designer can work on the working design , etcetera etcetera . i 'm just a bit wondering what we 're gon na do the next uh session ? do we only have to to do uh phase one , the functional design uh ? after that we are going to the conceptual uh we have meeting , individual work , meeting . and at the end of the day we have a final meeting . i mean , is it gon na be a multimedia control centre ? do we want to be able to use the video recorder with it ? <other> i think that is the user requirements part . as to what they want . uh do they want all those functions on that small but but we need good communication about this stuff , so if i do n't know what components to put in , it 's kind of hard .", "summary": "abstract: the team again discusses their individual responsibilities and move on to ponder whether the remote will be multifunctional or only for the tv ."}
{"dialogue": "i i think we have first to start with the basic functions and we can uh expand them . like l li like some like some some remotes who are out there , which i know , there 's one button which is very easy to switch between devices . so you can switch to your video and then the same buttons control your video . and another function i 'll think of switch to your media centre , but you 'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . you need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function . and you you do n't need that for a t _ v _ . and and for a t uh teletext you need additional buttons as well , so i kind of need to know what we uh need . and then we can discuss it with the next uh meeting . we could just start with the assumption that 's only for t _ v _ and video . and um reserve the possibility to add other features . so we have a basic starting point so make sure it 's extendible . yeah . and you can always extend that it it has yeah it has to be user-friendly . <other> th the least amount of functions possible", "summary": "abstract: they decide to first assume it is only for tv and video , but allowing the possibility to add more features ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh i 'll see you again uh when the computer tells us to . let 's see what we got to do .", "summary": "abstract: they close the meeting upon establishing what each person will do ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the user interface designer should specify the technical functions .", "summary": "action: the interface designer should specify technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> and the marketing uh expert should come up with user requirements . um therefore we have to to do some internet search . for example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions ?", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will come up with user requirements by doing internet research ."}
{"dialogue": "this industrati industrial designer should produce a working design . uh the use of the industrial designer can work on the working design , etcetera etcetera .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer should produce a working design ."}
{"dialogue": "and it seems you get more information by email .", "summary": "action: they will receive more information by email"}
{"dialogue": "um we can sell them at twenty five euros . uh", "summary": "decisions: the product will be sold at 25 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "the aim is to reachuh uh to sell as much as fifty million euros .", "summary": "decisions: the aim is to seel 50 million euros ."}
{"dialogue": "and the production cost should be the half of the selling price .", "summary": "decisions: the production cost should be half the selling price ."}
{"dialogue": "i i think we have first to start with the basic functions and we can uh expand them . but you 'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . we could just start with the assumption that 's only for t _ v _ and video . and um reserve the possibility to add other features .", "summary": "decisions: to get started they will assume the remote to be for tv and video , and reserve the possibility to add features ."}
