{"dialogue": "i 'm gon na talk about functional requirements . well uh some research has be done uh has been done . uh observing of one hundred uh subjects in the usability lab using a remote control . uh and they also filled in a questionnaire . they disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls . <other> users think they 're ugly . they are often lost somewhere in the room . um it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control . and they 're bad for r _ s _ i _ . um <other> they do not match the the operating behaviour of the users .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert reported on research which shows that users think most remotes are ugly , easily lost and bad for rsi ."}
{"dialogue": "uh most irrelevant and less used were audio settings , mono , stereo , uh pitch , bass . uh most relevant , uh most used functions , uh power button , uh channel , volume selection . uh teletext but we can skip that because i saw the newsflash , and teletext is so outdated that it it 's i should not be used uh any more in the future .", "summary": "abstract: audio settings are rarely used , and the power , channel and volume buttons are used most often ."}
{"dialogue": "um well we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible . and i thinkand certainly for for the for the lower age groups , uh nice design , which uh does not make the remote controlin your room .", "summary": "abstract: the remote should be user-friendly and have a good look and feel ."}
{"dialogue": "by the way where did you guys get that newsflash from ? i receiv the mail but you do n't . so no so it 's a text file n in the project folder . and the new product should reach new markets , which is the customers below forty . but it also needs to have corporate identity . so the the logo has to be uh present yeah , and the colours as well . yeah but uh the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device , only your television .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert and project manager described the new requirements that the target group is users under 40 , the remote should not include teletext , should be only for tv , and should feature the corporate logo ."}
{"dialogue": "i uh had uh two examples . um this one is the the yeah the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and buttons . this the easy one i think we have to to combine them . and uh yeah merge the best functions of all examples . okay so so we have the option for more functions . yeah but i prefer we we uh use the the basic options uh yeah . we have to to make them very easy so for just uh zapping around the channels you can just push one button . um yeah only use a extra function if they are really needed . so maybe you can hide them or something . so it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen , uh with a clear menu . so we have to make uh a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer showed examples of two contrasting remotes , recommending that they should use the best features of both ."}
{"dialogue": "and we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech so what does the screen do ? for for the advanced functions i think . well i , my guess is it 's it 's pretty handy for advanced uh advanced functions .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to use an lcd screen and speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "well my presentation is a bit uh sucky . <laugh> um yeah well i was working on this before i got my information . so i was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about uh remote controls . and well the info on the website which came too late . but um yeah then uh the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that i had to follow , so i was trying to organise them for myself . i mean everything speaks for itself i guess . mean you press a button um <other> the it tru goes , it sends a signal to a chip , which uh translates it into infrared signal of certin spatial frequencies . and the t _ v _ will translate it into a function .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer described how a remote works , and explained that his presentation was incomplete because he had not received the necessary information in time ."}
{"dialogue": "okay shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want uh yeah so what we might wan na do is uh yeah cust i have customised the screen functions , if you know what i mean . the the simple functions for for the the whole public , and the the advanced options for the younger people yeah who are more yeah experienced with uh uh you can make aif you make a drawing . basic . so it should fit right in into your hand . okay so y yeah you have you have it in your hand , and the screen is below , and the buttons are in the middle . but it should beif the screen is here then the logo should be like on on top , and for the speech uh recognition part , if we want to incorporate that , we need a microphone . yeah i mean a screen on top looks more lo logical to me . so we put this on top , and then make the corporate logo i mean this is basically numbers , volume , uh channel up and down . yeah so we we needed to integrate the sound and uh and image options right ? so channel programming ? yeah a audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass , treble . screen settings , brightness and colour . s swap channels ? swap 's good option . that 's very good idea . hey is it interesting for users if we put led lights under the buttons ? so that if you uh press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up . the pr the problem with the okay button in the middle is , sorry , uh is uh if you 're pressing up and down , you can easily press the okay once you , when you 're not already at your choice . so maybe make one uh one okay button and and one navigation button . yeah okay . so on the on the top is better . depends on the sensitivity of the microphone , but i think that 's okay .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed what functions to include and the layout of the remote , and the marketing expert drew a possible design on the board ."}
{"dialogue": "i w i should uh put uh the the yeah the extra advanced options on the onto the onscreen display . under the a yeah advanced option menu you can put those things . you have basically a button menu , which you can use directly , uh according to the old principle . and the l _ c _ d _ options are activated by some some software options , thats communicates with the infrared uh decoder yeah . yeah a audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass , treble . screen settings , brightness and colour .", "summary": "abstract: they decided to have buttons for the basic functions and make the advanced functions accessible through the screen ."}
{"dialogue": "i thoughtbut this is really your department , that we need just the functional display and four cursors . most of the time you have one button in the middle . it says menu , and then if you press it youthe screen gets activated and then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into functon and then uh on on each on each screen there 's there should be an option to go back to a to a upper level .", "summary": "abstract: they also discussed what buttons would be needed to navigate the menu on the lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "and i have to write very fast to make the minich min minutes .", "summary": "action: the project manager will write up the meeting minutes ."}
{"dialogue": "the user interface designer can design a menu for all these function and i think you can concentrate more on the button placement and the placement of the uh screen itself on the", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the layout of the remote and the lcd screen menu ."}
{"dialogue": "uh all the functional uh aspects of the remote i think are in my department .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the functional aspects of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "and we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech menu button access the menu in the l _ c _ d _ screen .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have an lcd screen and speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah a audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass , treble . screen settings , brightness and colour . menu button access the menu in the l _ c _ d _ screen . and then with these buttons , woa , y you navigate .", "summary": "decisions: the advanced functions such as audio settings , contrast and channel programming will be accessed through the screen ."}
{"dialogue": "and the new product should reach new markets , which is the customers below forty . uh it should be designed for a use g uh group below forty , the marketing research started on s on the age of sixteen . uh sixteen to forty .", "summary": "decisions: the target group will be aged 16-40 ."}
{"dialogue": "but we can skip that because i saw the newsflash , and teletext is so outdated that it it 's i should not be used uh any more in the future . for those that did n't see yet um the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext , only for t _ v _ .", "summary": "decisions: a teletext option will not be included ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah but uh the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device , only your television . for those that did n't see yet um the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext , only for t _ v _ .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be for tv only ."}
{"dialogue": "but it also needs to have corporate identity . so the the logo has to be uh present yeah , and the colours as well . and uh the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature the corporate logo and colour ."}
{"dialogue": "so we put this on top , and then make the corporate logo yeah okay . so on the on the top is better .", "summary": "decisions: the screen and microphone will be at the top of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "hey is it interesting for users if we put led lights under the buttons ? so that if you uh press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up . that 's very good idea .", "summary": "decisions: there will be leds under the buttons so that buttons in use will light up ."}
{"dialogue": "hey what 's wrong with my computer ? i think you have to uh change your desktop uh yeah my computer is not functioning properly . <laugh> did you plug in the power cable when you come back ? <laugh> you pressed alt f _ four ? <laugh> no no no . i pressed the mouse button .", "summary": "problems: some people had problems using the computers ."}
{"dialogue": "i spent a lot of time thinking about what i was gon na do and then a couple of minutes before this i get my function you know the information that i need . this presentation is mainly based on my own ideas 'cause i had n't time to intergrate tha the information yet so well my presentation is a bit uh sucky . <laugh> um yeah well i was working on this before i got my information . so i was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about uh remote controls . and well the info on the website which came too late . but um yeah then uh the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that i had to follow , so i was trying to organise them for myself .", "summary": "problems: the industrial designer did not receive the necessary information in time to prepare his presentation according to instructions , so his presentation was based on his own ideas ."}
{"dialogue": "okay . so he 's layout and you 're function . is n't that more the the u uh the user interface part ? i think that 's a that 's a good separation . yeah we have to kind of work together .", "summary": "problems: there was some confusion about the the roles of the user interface designer and the industrial designer ."}
