{"dialogue": "so welcome to the marketing presentation once again . um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public , because that 's our public . fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing , uh shoes and furniture . and the feel of the material is expected to be spongey . oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours . most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel . instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel . and the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative . i think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition , and the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use . well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect , w which was twice as important as the third aspect . uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing , and and some fruit and colours <laugh> just made a quick design .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert talked about trendwatching and explained that the current trends are for fruit and vegetable themed products and products with a spongy texture ."}
{"dialogue": "most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel . instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel . and the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative . i think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition , and the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use . well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect , w which was twice as important as the third aspect . i first uh chose for the battery , 'cause yeah i 'm traditional and that 's the most obvious , easiest choice to go to . but i really think that we should maybe uh think about the kinetic energy ,", "summary": "abstract: for users , the three most important aspects of a remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , and ease of use ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm dealing with the components design . i uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products . uh for example the energy source . we have four types . the basic battery . uh we have a hand dynamo , uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing , if you shake it . and uh of course solar cells . for the uh a case , there 's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case . single curved , which means that it has uh curves in one dimension . or the double curved . but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it 's daring and different from what we have now . well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic , the wood and the titanium . i would definitely go for rubber we have yeah several uh interface designs . uh we can use a scroll buttons for the menus , but we already kind of decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons , for the the arrow buttons . the advanced chip i think is easiest to implement uh for the production , 'cause they they can print it better . i can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make . but it is more longlasting , that the people do n't have to ever buy batteries again . andespecially when the material 's rubber . it can be done , i mean , you ca n't harm it , no it means curved in two dimensions . so double curved is like this , this , this , or so uh w single curved ? uh let 's say would be a b square box , but then with curves on one dimension .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer talked about the options for energy source , case shape and material , and internal components ."}
{"dialogue": "so we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy . uh the case would be doubly curved . so rubber material .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided on using kinetic energy , and a double-curved rubber case ."}
{"dialogue": "one one uh very important thing i was uh yeah thinking about is the speech uh option . i think you can just uh match the speech commands with the functions that are already present . but do uh j do we uh do the speech just for the basic options , for the simple buttons ? for for everything , in the in the last uh meeting we uh we were yeah putting the the simple and the advanced options separated . pressing the the menu option uh will disable uh all other options on your uh remote control . and only the the l _ c _ d _ panel will uh light up and then you can only uh change the yeah the options . but this is the the the simple uh layout . uh display on the upper side with the the menu button and maybe a some sort of cancel button or save button . and uh if there are older people they wanted more uh yeah more uh luxurousso that 's an a also an option .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer talked about speech recognition and what functions will be controlled through buttons or the lcd screen menu ."}
{"dialogue": "i did n't get any information about that so i 'm just thinking , this is not my department , but i i 'm not sure what this is gon na cost , advanced chip . okay . rubber material . uh the case would be doubly curved . so so we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy . uh do you have a picture of doubly curved case ? this is the the menu i was uh looking uh at . s see this is the the the standard traditional type , where the form uh yeah serves the function , you know . but this m is more appealing to old people and we do n't want that . and th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions . where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold . and th this looks a little bit like like for only for children . so yeah but that 's that 's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually , 'cause we wan na appeal to the to the young public with fancy with flashy colours , and with a lot of shape . yeah , and the and the rubber , it it will look cheap always , okay but the the colours , you you can make it uh make the colours withleds uh beneath the the buttons . if you press a button and you can disable the the colour leds for for people that do n't like it . and this is , this is with the curved that i mean . well we could make a compromise between that . uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved . so to appeal a little more to the all the public . yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then ? i would go for the double curved . i mean our aim is to make something different right ? and i i 'm i 'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette , where you have the shape for your thumb . but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons . you can make a trigger button or something like that . and we need something that well thatthat you can able to use in one hand i think . but from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape . a little upwards . so that the screen is more so then you have double double curved in some way . how about we do a uh a pop-up screen , like the laptop . if you can uh flip . but i dunno if that 's too expensive . okay so the buttons are on top here , and you flip it over that way . and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically . sookay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open . well yeah the the idea of it was , is that because you close it , you cover the l _ c _ d _ screen and it wo n't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever . we just have to make sure that the closing mechanism wo n't break . or do we wan na make its shape look like a banana or something ? i think that uh it 's a nice design . yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape . so the keywords are primary co colours , spongey ? and ergonomical shape . yeah . i would give it a female shape i do n't know what what colours should the basic print be like ? like some soft <other> green or something ? orange or something . and then and then very bright , uh a yellow banana , <other> an orange , uh a green apple , stuff like that , yeah w we need very primary colours , like bright red , bright yellow . yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the leds on the on the remote control . if you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour , then it 's just a neutral colour , so that 's that 's a dark blue basic colour i guess . yeah with some some yellow banana 'cause i remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often . so itnot not only in in the colours <other> of the leds , that we want something to keep it visible at all times , i mean , the the colour of the background of the display ? so just just a <other> a blue blue backlight or something like that . maybe a maybe a white a white backlight ? but do n't we wan na make the background the the bright colo colours ? so th the total of the thing is very bright ? but then then again , which colour should the buttons be ? but maybe the buttons , all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people . <other> red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate . even for colourblind . so red buttons are okay ? you better bet better better keep the led and the button itself in the same colour i guess . what we should do i think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button , with uh one coloured led behind it .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager ran through the group 's decisions so far and led a discussion of their remaining options , including the colour of the case and buttons , and whether the remote should flip open or not ."}
{"dialogue": "butuh basically you two are going to work on the smartboard . next thirty minutes to design something so so we 're gon na work here ? on this sketchboard ?", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on the prototype design ."}
{"dialogue": "you will do the evaluation . <laugh> you probably get a mail . yeah but maybe you can do the evaluationyou do n't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare the prototype evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "so we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the case would be doubly curved . so rubber material .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be double-curved and made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "advanced chip . okay .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": ". <other> i did get a bit more done than the last time , 'cause i knew that i did n't have time so i just copy and paste everything into the <other> sometimes i have these pop-ups or these sounds and there 's nothing there , and also withi do n't know how to use powerpoint , so it takes me forever to get something done with it .", "summary": "problems: the industrial designer continued to have problems using power point , and felt that he did not have enough time to prepare his presentation ."}
{"dialogue": "so double curved is like this , this , this , or no it means curved in two dimensions . so uh w single curved ? uh let 's say would be a b square box , but then with curves on one dimension .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure about the difference between a single- and double-curved case ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm just thinking , this is not my department , but i i 'm not sure what this is gon na cost , i did n't get any information about that so", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure whether they would be able to produce their design for 12 . 5 euros as they had not yet received any information about costs ."}
{"dialogue": "uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved . so to appeal a little more to the all the public . well we could make a compromise between that . yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then ? i would go for the double curved . i mean our aim is to make something different right ? but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons . so then you have double double curved in some way .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure whether to use a single- or double-curved case ."}
{"dialogue": "okay but the the colours , you you can make it uh make the colours withleds uh beneath the the buttons . if you press a button and you can disable the the colour leds for for people that do n't like it . how about we do a uh a pop-up screen , like the laptop . if you can uh flip . but i dunno if that 's too expensive . okay so the buttons are on top here , and you flip it over that way . and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically . sookay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open . well yeah the the idea of it was , is that because you close it , you cover the l _ c _ d _ screen and it wo n't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever . we just have to make sure that the closing mechanism wo n't break . i do n't know what what colours should the basic print be like ? like some soft <other> green or something ? orange or something . and then and then very bright , uh a yellow banana , <other> an orange , uh a green apple , stuff like that , yeah w we need very primary colours , like bright red , bright yellow . yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the leds on the on the remote control . if you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour , then it 's just a neutral colour , so that 's that 's a dark blue basic colour i guess . yeah with some some yellow banana i mean , the the colour of the background of the display ? so just just a <other> a blue blue backlight or something like that . maybe a maybe a white a white backlight ? but do n't we wan na make the background the the bright colo colours ? so th the total of the thing is very bright ? but then then again , which colour should the buttons be ? but maybe the buttons , all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people . <other> red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate . even for colourblind . so red buttons are okay ? you better bet better better keep the led and the button itself in the same colour i guess . what we should do i think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button , with uh one coloured led behind it .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure about whether the remote should flip open or not and had trouble agreeing on a colour scheme ."}
