{"dialogue": "um we decided to use a kinetic charger , standard chip , um 'cause it can come in various different sizes , we wanted a stand-by function . the case material is gon na be soft , rubbery , changeable . um buttons with a combination of l _ c _ d _ and rubber according to the design . um bright funky designs inspired by fruit , keeping with the hip kind of feel . um <other> and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that . um <other> and the rubber buttons that we 'll use will be anti-r _ s _ i _ .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager went over decisions from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "prototype presentation . me and william worked on a prototype , and i think william is going to make a p presentation on that . i can hold it like and i 'll i 'll show you the presentation . and we 'll first look at the exterior of what we 've uh come up with over there . um it 's gon na have a a plastic body <other> um with a sort of standard colour , either we 're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something . this is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um which there 'd be sort of a wide choice um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , um <cough> it 's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design <other> and uh <cough> the um the top l _ c _ d _ screen that you can see that would b would be sort of um <other> how do you say , it'syeah yeah , it would be sort of inset into the into the top the black and white touch screen and the buttons at the bottom would d so so it 'll fully close flat . we 've um already saidd decided on the kinetic batteries , whichactually , thinking about it now , could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well , so put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections , um we decided that um the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in <other> and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of , so we presumed that they 'd also be quite cheap . so you 'd have something like where you 'd shout out , where where is the remote and it 'll shout back , i 'm here , or something . um the standard , there'sbe a standard transmission with the t _ v _ using using all the standard chips that we 've talked about . obviously 'cause it 's split over two two different layers , it would need two separate p _ c _ b _ s , so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling . <other> and uh because , obviously , all t _ v _ s use this , the same infrared medium , we 'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data . and the infrared um sender would be on theon one of the bot the bottom layer , just at the front of the so when you 've actually got it open , it would be facing the t _ v _ . and then finally um on to the interface . <other> the top screen , as we said , iswould be an inset um black and white l _ c _ d _ s touch screen whichyeah would uh have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it , uh whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons , like the vo volume up and down , channel up and down , power on and off , and uh things to that effect . and now we'vewe also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it , or something inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top . but not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product and finally that 's how we put the fashion back into electronics , as that isthat 's the company logo .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented the prototype and discussed its look , its internal components , and its interface ."}
{"dialogue": "um i 've now got evaluation criteria . this stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research . the collection of the criteria , as we saw in our previous meeting , was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company . are we actually meeting those trends and requirements ? so it 's what we 've discussed in the last meeting , the criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , it should be easy to use , it should incorporate current fashion trends , and thosethe two main ones , they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours . <other> the design should minimise r _ s _ i _ and be easy to locate and we were still um uh slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there , though that did seem to be the favoured strategy , we 're going to use a seven point scale , where one is true and seven is false . and i will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here . is it everybody is going to evaluate , or just the market w we 'll discuss each one and we 'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven . i wo n't write all of that out again . it will just be criteria one , two , three , four , five , six , actually , it might be an idea , if we each did give our own individual rating , and we could take an average at the end . so i 'll just separate the ratings by obliques , and if we go one , two , three , four , we know who 's who . criteria a _ , the fancy look and feel . my own rating for that would be a two . two and three quarters ? criteria b _ , criterion b _ , technologically innovative . i would give that a three . i 'd give it a one . it 's just two point five for that one . ease of use . based on what you 've said there , i would say a one , true . i would say a two . i would say a two . one point seven f five . it incorporates current fashion trends , i 'm just thinking , before i give it my rating , you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here . is this actually going to be the colours that you would use ? the the base colour was um <other> white or or like or l sort of a light blue , but the changeable fa faces would uh allow you to get anybasically any one of a number of colours that uh th it 's full sort of customised . so we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that 's what we 're intending to do . 'cause th that 's that 's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it , in that case it 's got to be a one for me . yeah , i 'll give it a one as well . to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury . i do n't think we 've really touched on that a lot . we have n't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that . but the very use of a remote control , if you 're someone who 's zapping , who 's sitting like that , and we found so many people did , how do you minimise that on such a small device ? the type of button that we 're gon na use in the bottom half , the material , minimises r _ s _ i _ but with the amount of stuff we 're putting on it is n't that much . i think i 'm gon na have to be neutral on that and give it a four . i 'd uh i 'd f i 'd go for a five , actually , and finally , last but not least , easy to locate . now we talked about voice recognition , we talked about a beeper , have the designers come to any dec real decision on that ? yeah , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , and are we happy with the costs on that ? that is going to be feasible , cost-wise . yeah , yeah , thatyeah , that 's feasible . it would be quite loud . and if you did n't hear it in the room that you were standing in , then you 'd realise that it was n't in that room , you 'd go into another room . that 's a one for me . <other> i do realise that we might be being fairly biased , 'cause it is our product , we 've got our ourwe 've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there . that is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate . the lowest rating we 've got , which is really n it 's not terribly low , i it 's close around neutral is for uh the minimisation of repetitive strain injury .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert evaluated the product according to the initial product goals ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it , or do we have to make further modifications ? i do n't think so . we happy to go ahead ? i think weyeah . i think we 're set . i think for most of those ratings that it 's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , i 'll just leave it there . and i really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that .", "summary": "abstract: the group then decided that enough of this criteria had been satisfied for the project to continue ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've got finance here now . we just type numbers into this and we come out with the final value . so are we still on for kinetic ? yeah . see , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . um it might have influenced our choice . it was a regular chip on print you you 've put in three for the number of kinetic cells , there should just be one . one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker . one double curve . 'cause it 's two . what 's a single curve then ? it would just be a flat bottom with one curve . like a domed thing . <other> um we 've got plastic and rubber , i think rubber , since it 's being used just as a casing , see , it says case material . we 're not actually using plastic in the case , there 's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing . so do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there ? or sh we should just put it in as one , because the plastic is zero anyway . special colour , do we need that ? might do , if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours . the push-button 's one and l _ c _ display one . <other> i think we could change the battery also . instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery . and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing , is that going to make a difference ? so the highest we 've got is the electronics here . um <other> and the interface . if we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries , would that make a huge difference ? it <other> um it would make one difference . what i feel is , customers never said anything about the battery . but if you take away the voice recognition , then you 've got it . if you took away that , that 'll make it twelve point three five . if we change it to the battery it'sthat 's minus three .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the final cost of the device which exceeded the initial projected price point ."}
{"dialogue": "but if you take away the voice recognition , then you 've got it . if you took away that , that 'll make it twelve point three five . we could do the voice recognition for , you know , business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . i do n't see why we have to sell it for twenty five euros now , because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product . we can put in our recommendations . if we if we 're working to head office specifications asthis is what this project team 's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we 've we 've found and what wethe consensus that we 've come to as a result of the meetings . um as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers so if we take voice recognition out that 'll do it . twelve point three five . we are close to the budget . is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty ? so we are under the budget .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to remove speech recognition but to propose to the management that itremain in the design ."}
{"dialogue": "product evaluation . we 've done room for creativity , because we 've got decisions that we would have made that we weren'tdid n't feel able to make . um i presume we discussed leadership and teamwork . although we had our separate tasks , i think we had a nice time . there was so much interaction , so much that we needed to um bounce off each other . in that in relevant areas we 've been able to , you know , give and take and adjust our remit where necessary . yeah , i think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody . we came to a very predic creative design , yeah . and sarah , you coordinated the work very well . although we did n't quite make the voice recognition in there , but that 's that 's good . i think it would have made it into the final product if it was actuallyif if if we 'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , i think maybe it would 've come out a d little different , i liked the fact that we could say an idea and it 'd be suggested that that was n't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down , you two created that wonderful specimen of a play-doh model .", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed their effectiveness as a team ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we had a nice time . although we had our separate tasks , there was so much interaction , so much that we needed to um bounce off each other . in that in relevant areas we 've been able to , you know , give and take and adjust our remit where necessary . yeah , i think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody . we came to a very predic creative design , yeah . and sarah , you coordinated the work very well . although we did n't quite make the voice recognition in there , but that 's that 's good . i think it would have made it into the final product if it was actuallyif if if we 'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , i think maybe it would 've come out a d little different , i liked the fact that we could say an idea and it 'd be suggested that that was n't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down , you two created that wonderful specimen of a play-doh model .", "summary": "abstract: all members felt that they interacted well and that they felt they could be creative ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it 's really good that this has been very market research based , because <other> just going back to mobile phones , i mean this is the first change in remote control devices that i can really , you know , say is is obvious and visible . we see it in mobile phones a lot , and tha that 's where we 've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from . there are innovations in that that people do n't really want . and i think it 's wonderful our company 's so r _ and d _ based .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert felt that the market-research based approach would help the project 's success with consumers ."}
{"dialogue": "um <other> our costs are below budget with recommendations that theythe budget be increased , do you think that 's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing ? and the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ? i think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone . i think we 've done very well to get within budget", "summary": "abstract: the group did express , however , that the budget was overly constraining ."}
{"dialogue": "um and we 've got the meeting survey and questionnaire . there 's a final questionnaire . we 've got about fifty minutes to catch up with <other> <laugh> everything that i fell behind with ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the group to fill out a final evaluation questionnaire ."}
{"dialogue": "if we if we 're working to head office specifications asthis is what this project team 's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we 've we 've found and what wethe consensus that we 've come to as a result of the meetings . with recommendations that theythe budget be increased ,", "summary": "action: the group will suggest to the management that speech recognition remain in the product design ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's a final questionnaire . we 've got about fifty minutes to catch up with <other> <laugh> everything that i fell behind with ,", "summary": "action: all members will fill out a final evaluation questionnaire ."}
{"dialogue": "um we decided that um the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in <other> and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of , so we presumed that they 'd also be quite cheap . so you 'd have something like where you 'd shout out , where where is the remote and it 'll shout back , i 'm here , or something . though that did seem to be the favoured strategy , yeah , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , and are we happy with the costs on that ? that is going to be feasible , cost-wise . yeah , yeah , thatyeah , that 's feasible .", "summary": "decisions: it was decided that the speech recognition component seemed feasible , so it was added to the prototype design to provide a device locator function ."}
{"dialogue": "we could do the voice recognition for , you know , business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . i do n't see why we have to sell it for twenty five euros now , because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product . we can put in our recommendations . if we if we 're working to head office specifications asthis is what this project team 's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we 've we 've found and what wethe consensus that we 've come to as a result of the meetings . um as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers so if we take voice recognition out that 'll do it . twelve point three five .", "summary": "decisions: it was removed when the project exceeded its initial budget , but it will be suggested to the management that the speech recognition should remain in the product design ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's gon na have a a plastic body <other> um with a sort of standard colour , either we 're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something . this is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , um which there 'd be sort of a wide choice", "summary": "decisions: the plastic case will be a neutral color , and the changeable rubber cases will be available in vibrant , fruit colors ."}
{"dialogue": "the black and white touch screen <other> the top screen , as we said , iswould be an inset um black and white l _ c _ d _ s touch screen", "summary": "decisions: the lcd screen will appear only in black and white ."}
{"dialogue": "and now we'vewe also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it , or something inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top .", "summary": "decisions: the company logo will appear on the inside of the device when opened ."}
{"dialogue": "we happy to go ahead ? i think weyeah . i think we 're set . i think for most of those ratings that it 's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , and i really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that the device fulfilled enough of the project 's initial goals to continue in production ."}
{"dialogue": "see , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . um it might have influenced our choice . with recommendations that theythe budget be increased ,", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of cost information at the beginning of the project ."}
{"dialogue": "um it might have influenced our choice . see , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . with recommendations that theythe budget be increased ,", "summary": "problems: the group did not know how much the features made available to them actually cost until the prototype was constructed ; their prototype design may have been different had this information been available at the beginning ."}
