{"dialogue": "okay . uh first of all i 'll start with the costs , because that 's going to influence our design . because we have a problem . it has to be twelve and a half . you 're going to redesign something . okay , so we 're at twenty five .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager decided to start by looking at costs instead of the prototype presentation because the original design was too expensive and had to be changed ."}
{"dialogue": "do we keep the shape doubly curved or g do we go for single curved ? well i guess i we 'll have to go for single curve then . uh another option i saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you ca n't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows . but we do n't have any basic options any more . they do n't need special colours . <cough> so let 's go for the plastic . so the only option is an hand dynamo . drop the the special colour , and uh do the special colour for the buttons . yeah it has to be curved and has to have that colour .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed which features should be dropped ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean we 're gon na use the l _ c _ d _ screen anyway . so we 'll just have to use it for everything . could drop the speech recognition . <laugh> there are more people who like speech recognition than an l _ c _ d _ screen . yeah . let 's drop the speech .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided that the lcd screen was integral to their design , but dropped the speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "that was exactly my point . like let 's drop all the buttons , and just make one i mean we 're gon na use the l _ c _ d _ screen anyway . so we 'll just have to use it for everything . integrated scroll-wheel push-button , yeah . we need one integrated button for everything then . but but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons . if you lose the the back , the okay buttonuh v let 's say we only have the four arrows , and the menu button . with with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing . yeah but it 's just a scroll-wheel which you can push down . so okay . make it a special colour and then it look fancy .", "summary": "abstract: they decided to drop all the buttons in favour of an integrated scroll push-button , and to use a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy as a power source ."}
{"dialogue": "we all have to keep in mind what has changed now . so what we have left on thebecause evaluation is based on the initial uh user requirements . well we evaluate uh the design with a seven point scale , as following . well the criteria are based on the user requirements , uh the trends from the marketing research , and the marketing strategy of the company itself . and we all have to uh agree on a certain level . well the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user . <other> i think it does . because the operatingbehaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of l _ c _ d _ , okay well i say still two , but it has to be three then . the remote control has irrelevant or less used functions . <laugh> yeah . well , yeah . so it it 's a very true point . i mean it hides all those function . it shows the relevant and most used functions . it automatically has the the programme and the volume function , okay five . uh the the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like l _ c _ d _ screen and speech recognition . yeah , i say two . okay , it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints , primary colours and sponge-like material . so we still uh we still have the primary colours . but only on the on the outside , not on the button . yeah still we we dropped also on the the double uh curve . <laugh> it should have been two questions . <laugh> i realise now , because <laugh> sponge-like material is dropped . . so maybe in the middle or something . actually we d we did n't do so well on this one . i mean the sponge-like and the three d _ shape , that would give it something young and fresh . uh the remote control displays the corporate logo . <laugh> but there 's uh enough space for the corporate logo . i mean , <laugh> if there 's only one thing . and even the shape we have now uh simulates kind of an r _ and the reversed r _ , <laugh> the remote control is easy to use . skill , uh i would say six , or something . i do n't think it 's easy to use , or not so . <other> the only e the only thing easy about it is that you do n't have to move your fingers . 'cause it has only one button . yeah . well i i would say a five or a six . it 's really not easy to use . uh the remote control is durable . definitely in casing , 'cause we have a hard plastic yeah because the the batteries , those thingies last forever . yeah . if you do n't drop it too much , it 's uh should last pretty long . but uh i think rubber compared is better . so i think a two is more appropriate okay i will gogo for two . the remote control 's a good example for company 's motto , we put the fashion in electronics . because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have . but it all has to do with the budget , because it 's it 's not the bad idea we had , so yeah , four is okay . so if i understood it right , we have to count these numbers . yeah just add them and then uh divide them . i all made it possible uh for a positive questions , so we can count it . and then you can count them together . that 's uh three uh <other> or le less than a three . makes three point one one one one one one one .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert led the prototype evaluation , based on the new design ."}
{"dialogue": "makes three point one one one one one one one . so we 're better than average .", "summary": "abstract: the group were satisfied with the overall score of 3.1 ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah we we have to maybe if we have to redesign it on this <laugh> okay uh we 're still gon na go for the fancy colours ? yeah we we can just uh use this one . and then uh over-paint it with uh uh the green uh the the button has a special colour , the frame has a special colour . oh and you might want to add a uh infrared led . well i have to um um make an uh report of every decision we made so far . and i try to get chip just before uh i uh receive the excel sheet . but maybe you can help me . okay , but how do we make the the scroll uh button ? the the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables , like primary colours , spongy shape . yeah , is it 's horizontal or vertical ? well i think i have to make a p an issue called finance . it 's not very fashionable anymore . but uh it 's okay . maybe that 's a s a special colour for it . so we can make it uh special ? <laugh> uh can we do a print ? i 'm not sure . shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty ? we have the original balance sheet , or okay , it 's not the prettiest , i know . maybe maybe it c it can say that . the real remote . shall we do the logo in black or not ? it 's it 's single single curved . th it 's it 's better to have in the front , this kind of shape , because it looks nice . i", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer and user interface designer worked on a drawing of the new design , while the project manager and marketing manager worked on the final report ."}
{"dialogue": "oh yeah , we have to do the project uh evaluation . so how weredid the project process uh go ? did you , were you all pleased with the process as it was ? yeah well at first i was really stressed . because it went a bit fast . but then as i knew the tempo that i had to be on , the second time i think i did a bit better . at first you you make your individual contribution , and then come here , and you have no idea what the others have to make . and then finally you have some idea , okay this is gon na w this is what we gon na make together and okay i will arrange this and you will arrange that , and you have a k a kind of idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own . sothe process , i mean , the interaction between us became better and better i guess . yeah yeah . especially after the first meeting . well you did become more assertive the the second time round , so that um was there uh enough room for creativity ? but only the the financial parts uh not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of uh the the board and uh powerpoint and word and stuff like that . mm so and theuh about the boarddigital pen ? digital pen is better than the smartboard . because it it it just works better . i the screen is useful , in essence , but it does n't work that well . <laugh> <other> and uh as i said , uh i uh have no idea how powerpoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal powerpoint presentation . okay , are are there <laugh> any new ideas about this ? use especially useful , i guess , to to evaluate designs and graph graphical stuff . and i think the powerpoint is is too limited . yeah the the the problem with powerpoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well . . but it it 's useful to to show something to to ana small audience , and then toyeah", "summary": "abstract: the project manager led an evaluation of the project process ."}
{"dialogue": "process , i mean , the interaction between us became better and better i guess . yeah yeah . especially after the first meeting .", "summary": "abstract: the group thought that they worked well together , especially after the first meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "um was there uh enough room for creativity ? but only the the financial parts uh not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of uh the", "summary": "abstract: they were happy with the room for creativity , but thought they were limited by the budget ."}
{"dialogue": "the board and uh powerpoint and word and stuff like that . mm so and theuh about the boarddigital pen ? digital pen is better than the smartboard . because it it it just works better . i the screen is useful , in essence , but it does n't work that well . <laugh> <other> and uh as i said , uh i uh have no idea how powerpoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal powerpoint presentation . i think the powerpoint is is too limited . yeah the the the problem with powerpoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well . . but it it 's useful to to show something to to ana small audience , and then toyeah", "summary": "abstract: they preferred the digital pens to the smartboard . they had mixed feelings about using powerpoint ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> yeah , i have still ten minutes to finish the report .", "summary": "action: the project manager will complete the final report ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be single-curved ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah . let 's drop the speech .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will no longer feature speech recognition , but will still have an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "<cough> so let 's go for the plastic .", "summary": "decisions: it will be made of plastic instead of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "integrated scroll-wheel push-button , yeah . we need one integrated button for everything then . with with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing .", "summary": "decisions: it will have one integrated scroll push-button and no other buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "so the only option is an hand dynamo . let 's let 's go for the hand dynamo then .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be powered by a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "because we have a problem . it has to be twelve and a half . you 're going to redesign something . okay , so we 're at twenty five .", "summary": "problems: the group 's original design was too expensive , costing 25 euros , so the remote had to be substantially redesigned ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean we have to drop on everything . uh another option i saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you ca n't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows . but we do n't have any basic options any more . but but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons . could drop the speech recognition . <laugh> there are more people who like speech recognition than an l _ c _ d _ screen .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure about which features to drop and which to keep ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing .", "summary": "problems: the group felt they should have been given the information about costs before designing the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "i are you sure wethis number actually tells us somethings ? i do n't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative . yeah , but there are no negative questions i guess . so it were all positive questions , by uh by purpose . so yeah true . yes , so theit tells us something , yes .", "summary": "problems: the industrial designer was unsure about the value of the evaluation score ."}
