{"dialogue": "my name is uh danny wolfs . i 'm the project manager . i 'm juergen toffs . i 'm the user interface designer . my name 's uh . i 'm the industrial designer . um my function is the marketing expert . i 'm uh tim .", "summary": "abstract: the participants introduced themselves and their roles to each other ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> uh this is the agenda for today . uh first a little opening . uh i will introduce myself , uh and uh i think it 's very uh good to introduce uh yourself . uh then uh a little bit of acquaintance , acquaintance to uh to to ourselves . uh that will be done uh with a tool training from the he these two uh smart boards . then the project plan . uh and discussion about that and a little closing at the end . uh the the the aim is to make a new remote control . uh first of all uh it must be original , uh and trendy . but at the same time uh user-friendly . uh there are three stages . there is a functional design . then the conceptual design .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the aim of the project and gave a brief agenda for the entire project ."}
{"dialogue": "the tool training . uh and this is uh only for uh drawing . this one is for the presentations , the powerpoint presentations or the word presentation of whatever you uh you had . we have two smart boards . <other> um and as you uh may have heard , the documents in the shared folder uh can be uh showed on this screen . not in y the the my documents . <other> uhthis uh isvery straightforward , with the save , the print , the undo , the blank , the select , the pen .", "summary": "abstract: he then introduced and explained how to use the meeting-room materials ."}
{"dialogue": "little uh little <other> kinda exercise to uh know each other . <laugh> at uh the white board on the left . every uh every one of us uh must draw our favourite animal , <other> and uh tell uh tell us why we uh had uh chosen that animal . uh important is that we use different colours , <other> and uh different pen widths . widths . widths . and he 's called simba . <laugh> miniature size ? so we uh found it kinda cool to uh name it after a lion . it is a turtle . um'cause i liked teenage mutant hero turtles . it 's a dog . we had a dog , a few years ago . when it died we did n't get a new one or something . it 's the white rabbit from the matrix . yeah , exactly . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group acquainted themselves with the materials by drawing on the smartboard ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> uh the selling price for the remote will be uh twenty five euro , and the production cost uh may not be more than uh twenty and a half euro . from my point of view , i do n't think it 's uh gon na be very uh very high tech , high definition , uh ultra modern uh kinda remote , for twelve uh fift uh twelve and a half euro . <other> uh the profit we must make with uh the new remote is uh fifty million euro . uh i think uh w when the selling price is twenty five , uh uh you got two million , two million remotes .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the project budget and explained that the device would not be made very high-tech due to the small budget ."}
{"dialogue": "but our marketing range is uh , market range is international . so we have uh virtually the whole world we can sell uh we can sell our r remotes to .", "summary": "abstract: he explained that the device would be sold internationally ."}
{"dialogue": "now it 's time uh for us to uh going uh to discuss a little uh things . you can think about uh experience with a remote control uh yourself , at home . what you think might be uh a useful uh new feature . what uh what can distinguish our new trendy remote control from all the others . i think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels . and my opinion is you should keep it as basic as possible . uh so not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a d _ v _ d _ and radio uh most of the remote c uh remote controls are uh just for one purpose . and uh by making it multi-purpose , it uh has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market , and distinguish from uh from current products . um maybe some other technology than infrared . uh i rather find it very annoying um , like when someone is standing in front of the t _ v _ then you ca n't switch it . um <other> think about um sending it over radio waves or bluetooth . that might be a little bit uh expensive . um and something like an l _ c _ d _ screen . that um , <other> when you 're on a certain channel , you can see on the l _ c _ d _ screen uh what programmes are coming up or it must be really uh innovative , technical-wise ? <other> you got some cheap uh remote controls there . you got a dozen of 'em . but when you enter a new market with a remote control and uh wan na gain market share you have to do something special , i think . uh at the beginning of such a project , it 's it 's it 's very uh cool to talk about , well , this would be cool , that would be cool . <other> uh but we must not uh lose uh sight of the the user uh uh friendly uh and and the price .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed their initial ideas of features to include in the design ; the marketing expert discussed usability features , such as the ability to control multiple devices and an lcd screen , to make the product unique ."}
{"dialogue": "um i personally think it has to be multi-purpose . uh next meeting will start in thirty minutes . you uh will have uh individual actions um <other> the the the industrial uh designer has to uh look at the working design . <other> uh the user interface designer has to look at the technical functions .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to work on the working design and the user interface designer to research the technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "we must first agree on uh what we 're going to m going to make . i figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually . that 's a phase further . make some mock-ups , some some general ideas . but maybe , because uh you are working on the user requirements , you are working on the technical functions , we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh consensus on the , what we 're gon na do . so you do n't uh uh come up with the user requirements who do n't fit the the the the technical functions at all . i do n't know . if the technical functions have to be designed , i i 've got ta know for what kind of machines they will be . th that 's that 's really a step further . we all have a list of uh things that has to b that have to be in it , or how it has to be like . and then in the next meeting we decide and then you s then you can delete uh the o the obsolete uh details . each individually i individually uh must think on what 's uh at uh his point of view is the most important . and uh then we 're going to fit uh all the pieces together the next meeting .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the timing of when they would make decisions on the features discussed ."}
{"dialogue": "um <other> the the the industrial uh designer has to uh look at the working design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> uh the user interface designer has to look at the technical functions .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will research the technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "it must be really uh innovative , technical-wise ? you have to do something special , i think . <other> you got some cheap uh remote controls there . you got a dozen of 'em . but when you enter a new market with a remote control and uh wan na gain market share uh most of the remote c uh remote controls are uh just for one purpose . and uh by making it multi-purpose , it uh has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market , and distinguish from uh from current products .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that it was important to incorporate a feature that would make the product very unique ."}
{"dialogue": "i think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels . and my opinion is you should keep it as basic as possible . uh so not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a d _ v _ d _ and radio um i personally think it has to be multi-purpose . uh most of the remote c uh remote controls are uh just for one purpose . and uh by making it multi-purpose , it uh has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market , and distinguish from uh from current products .", "summary": "problems: the group could not decide whether or not the remote should be able to control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "we must first agree on uh what we 're going to m going to make . i figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually . that 's a phase further . make some mock-ups , some some general ideas . but maybe , because uh you are working on the user requirements , you are working on the technical functions , we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh consensus on the , what we 're gon na do . so you do n't uh uh come up with the user requirements who do n't fit the the the the technical functions at all . i do n't know . if the technical functions have to be designed , i i 've got ta know for what kind of machines they will be . th that 's that 's really a step further . we all have a list of uh things that has to b that have to be in it , or how it has to be like . and then in the next meeting we decide and then you s then you can delete uh the o the obsolete uh details . each individually i individually uh must think on what 's uh at uh his point of view is the most important . and uh then we 're going to fit uh all the pieces together the next meeting .", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulties deciding when to make decisions on the features they mentioned in their discussion ."}
