{"dialogue": "welcome back . <other> at the functional design meeting um <other> uh i had an email from the from the management board but there were four points uh which uh i think are very important . first one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated <other> uh second one is also important uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television , so it uh not gon na it 's not gon na be a multi-purpose remote control , uh second , and i think that 's important for the marketing uh expert , uh the current uh customers uh are in the age group group of uh forty years and older , but with this uh new remote uh they uh will uhwould like to reach uh a group uh younger than uh forty . i think to keep in mind , but not really uh for now is that they uh want the the the slogan and the and the logo uh to uh to be recognised more in the remote .", "summary": "abstract: when this functional design meeting opens the project manager tellsthe group about the project restrictions he received from management by email ."}
{"dialogue": "i have some uh new findings on uh marketing expert level , <other> the method i used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire . um <other> one hundred respondents were involved and my marketing uh department generated a report with a lot of results . two audiences , <laugh> uh the first one , this scale , from sixteen to forty fiveage . uh the second one is from sixty fouruh forty six to sixty five . um , as you can see here , the market share for the first audience is about sixty percentum sixty five . uh second audience audience is uh thirty five percent .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert is first to present , summarizing user requirements data from a questionaire given to 100 respondents ."}
{"dialogue": "uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff , like uh an l _ c _ d _ screen on the remote control , um speech recognition . i do n't think that 's uh really appropriate . um , <other> and when you see uh the audience , the age is going up uhyeah , they do n't really want it anymore , at least the new technologies . second findings <cough> out of the questionnaire um are the opinion <other> the opinions uh of the audience about current remote controls . first point is , seventy five percent of the users find the most repo remote controls very ugly , uh and eighty percent of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy . according to the frequency of use versus importance investigation , um <other> following buttons are most important . switching channels , um yeah , um the second , teletext , uh and the third , uh volume controls . but it 's strange that the the manage boardthe management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet . but uh at the moment uh teletext isyeah , th the best thing you can get uh on t _ v _ , like getting information . <other> they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert explains various user preferences and complaints about remotes as well as different interests among age groups ."}
{"dialogue": "my personal preferences . um , i think we should aim at the uh audience from sixteen to forty five . mm , first of all um it 's the biggest share , the biggest audience , sixty five percent . uh second , i think you will get the most revenue from i from it . we have to impro improve the most used functions , as i said here , switching channels , teletext and volume controls . uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller , so maybe it 's an idea for us uh to design ex kind of placeholder uh on side of the , yeah , of the t _ v _ that 's a cool idea . when you mentioned uh improving functions , what uh what do you mean by that but uh it came out that a lot of buttons were n't even used uh on a remote control . so you can have a remote control full of buttons , a hundreds hundreds of buttons , but if you do n't use them , yeah it's so focusing more on the used buttons . but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions , like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function for example . yeah , perhaps .", "summary": "abstract: he prefers that they aim users from ages 16-45 , improve the most-used functions , and make a placeholder for the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project . what i did was i dissected uh uh current remote controls and um i viewed how how they w looked , uh what kind of components are involved , and uh after that i put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised and i 'll show it to you in in a in a few seconds . and i 'll explain a bit about uh how it works", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer begins explaining the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "what i did was uh i i checked uh remote controls and the uh remote controls of today are all infrared , and the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a t _ v _ or uh a stereo or something , and those uh have a transmitter that 's also focused on infrared , so if we want to uh build uh mm a remote control uh with bluetooth for instance then uh the t _ v _ should have bluetooth too in order to communicate , so that would mean extra cost for the user so that 's probably why most controls are still infrared . furthermore they all have uh a a very simple structure , uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uha cheap uh remote . because uhwell my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh bluetoothor or radio waves , what do you think about uh incorporating bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the t _ v _ , connected to the t _ v _ ? i actuallyi figured that would be that would be rather nice , but then you 'd still have the uhthe infrared function .", "summary": "abstract: he talks about existing products , most of which use infared since it is simple and cost-effective ."}
{"dialogue": "but uh what i did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder , is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote . if somebody says , where is the remote , then it goes uh beep uh beep beep beep or something , maybe uh maybe something to look into , i dunno uh what the costthat something like that would be .", "summary": "abstract: he suggests adding a speech function , when someone asks where the remote is and it beeps ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i 'll i 'll just explain a bit of the components . the energy source would be a battery , simple uh battery i figured that would be best , uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button , but uh the infrared button uh works only via the chip and the subcomponent to uh the switch when a button is prush pushed in , uh a electric current goes through here , and in uhimmediately , a l a bulb lights up uh displaying to the user that something has happened . that 's uh that 's so the h user wo n't be um thinking , well uh did the button be pressed , w what happened uh . the signal goes via chip that 's translated into uh electric sig uh electronic signals and then it 's processed and then it 's sent to the infrared bulb my personal preferences here , we have to keep it simple . not too many uh gadgets and functions , uh i i think we should stick bywith infrared transmitting and uh no receiving . i think we should n't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that , because when you uh want teletext on uh infrared you 'd have to build in a receiver too , i think current t _ v _ s can even send infrared . but should we spend money orand time on building a receiver into the uh remote control ? 'cause that would bei mean extra components , extra designs , um larger g uh remote control . so i imy personal opinion is no no no receiver at all . we should uh look into the design and the functionability . like i said , uh use one button for instance for m multiple functions , just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something , the usual uhstuff . we should n't make a big uh remote control for simple functions , but we we should stick to the basics .", "summary": "abstract: he also explains the various components , materials , and energy sources of a remote , giving preference to a remote with multifunctional buttons and without a receiver ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions . um what 's my opinion about what 's most important to combine the design , technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one , so if you um going to design a remote that looks good , that should n't weigh over the uhif it 's possible to make , of course , but also the user friendliness , and another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult , so use as as little functions as possible or at least do n't display them all at once on the same remote . and uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen , but s i do n't know in how far that is possible , since we are sticking to uh um infrared and and the remote can not receive anything , but uh we might uh consider that . so just keep it simple , make clear buttons , easy to use . i prefer to use it only for t _ v _ and and if possible , uh the buttons should give <other> a dr direct action , not first select you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one , and so that 's where the difficulties lie . do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original , or uh multi-purpose as we thought , or do we want to use um many buttons . it 's maybe an option uh if you use an l _ c _ d _ <other> or a touch screen um , that in the middle are the the main keys , just uh in the middle the general functions , like play , uh channel switching , and then uh at the top or at the bottom , some menus like uh settings orthat you can drop down . do we want to use uh a menu display on the t _ v _ ? or um does have to f everything uh be in remotes ? 'cause if you use a memory display on the t _ v _ , you can simply push uh a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press okay . if you use many options in one buttlebutton , um display the menu on the t _ v _ and do n't um use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds , is too complicated for most users . and when you have a particular menu uh at your device , uh it could be that do n't correspond to the menu what 's actually on t _ v _ . you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not our remote wo n't be able to work on all televisions . maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible if the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presents , talking about the possible components of the remote and concluding that the remote should be simple and accessible without too much functionality ."}
{"dialogue": "but then with something like a touch screen couldcould make more menu uppop up or something . <other> especially the important buttons , um if you want to switch channel , change your volume , uh use teletext , it uh it has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote , behind uh a little uh little thing or a touch screen . i think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good . um , because recently uh i saw news item on t _ v _ um about uh new telephones uh for elder people . um , they have like a touch screen with uh really big pictures on it like uh uh call uh hang-up , because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something . uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands then what 's gon na be displayed on the touch screen ? the extra functions . you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions , and you just choose one , <other> would n't it be better to make just one big touch screen , uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet and uh we have three of those , uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus , withor sub-items , sub-functions . then i 'd like to make a proposal . if you make one big touch screen , keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest . so you think it 's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen . that they always um make the same buttons accessible , so use just for special options a part of the touch screen . an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who 's all in the systems functions , you 'll have to have the possibility to turn off the t _ v _ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions . i had another uh idea about maybe parental control . um , like building in uh some kind of pin code uhif children do n't do n't know the pin code , they ca n't switch to uh violent uh channels or is that possible to use or no ? that actually depends on the television , thing is when you buy a remote , you you set the uh channels , the the channels are different on each te television , th th those things are nice . <laugh> but i think that 's we wel <other> later in the stage . uh because i think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , so they want the the the normal functions like teletext , volume changing , um uh to be uh , yeah , kinda traditionals uh and uh <other> the the the the other functions , the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen , but but if you display it on l _ c _ d _ screen with r r really big numbers you can display actual buttons on the touch screens . but well we have to look at what 's our target uh audience . w we are aiming for younger people and th those young people , yeah . y you saw it in my marketing report , they like the new fancy stuff , a touch screen , like microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . i th i think we can do that too . uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is i think uh how uh it 's going to look we must keep it simple , but have the opportunity to uh have more options and have them uh hidden or something , the functions , know , like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by thedone by the remote control and not by the television . then there 's always , there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume and um well maybe we can look out if there 's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda t _ v _ it is , there are universal d um um remotes and they all have a functionality for all the t _ v _ s , and it 's not too complex to do it . they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your t _ v _ and that that is bit of a tricky job . uh , with the current remote controls , the universal ones , um you have to pressyeah , you have to press a code for t _ v _ . in codes , y you you get a b a book with codes . if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes , there are maybe um three four hundreds t _ v _ s at maximum . if you have all of them , all the old and new t _ v _ s summed up , maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh u _ s _ b _ or a firewire connection , so that you can uh connect it to the p _ c _ but , on the other hand on the other hand , uh if you have a remote and buy a new t _ v _ that is n't incorporated in the remote well then you have to buy a new one , or an update , software update . or you couldwell you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier , then then it 's be uh back to the building a receiving uhwell uh if it 's actually worth it to build it in , it it would be uh bringing more costsuh with with it um m for which one are we going ? my vote goes out to the right . i was uh doubting about which one to take , but uh you 've convinced me that uh if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal um remote all elderly people will know what to do . and also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open .", "summary": "abstract: the group continues the meeting by having discussion about the possibility of a touch screen , lcd , and other functions ."}
{"dialogue": "so we have now a lunch break , finally , uh after the lunch break uh it 's back to uh individual work , once again uh thirty minutes . uh i will put my minutes so uh s they 're updated in the shared folder too . uh <laugh> uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you willall will receive uh at the uh the the email . you all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work .", "summary": "abstract: the group closes the meeting and goes to lunch ."}
{"dialogue": "uh <laugh> uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you willall will receive uh at the uh the the email .", "summary": "action: they will receive specific instructions for the next meeting by email ."}
{"dialogue": "you all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work .", "summary": "action: they will fill out the questionaire"}
{"dialogue": "uh because i think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , uh and uh <other> the the the the other functions , the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen , but but if you display it on l _ c _ d _ screen with r r really big numbers you can display actual buttons on the touch screens . but well we have to look at what 's our target uh audience . w we are aiming for younger people a touch screen , like microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . i th i think we can do that too .", "summary": "problems: the group is interested in incorporating a touch screen by that could be too difficult to use , especially for elderly people ."}
{"dialogue": "th th those things are nice . <laugh> but i think that 's we wel <other> later in the stage . and um well maybe we can look out if there 's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda t _ v _ it is , but have the opportunity to uh have more options", "summary": "problems: the group has brought up a number of technological possibilities , have conflicting views about them , and have not yet made decisions about them ."}
