{"dialogue": "welcome to the conceptual design meeting uh uh , also this time there will be uh three presentations . and we um must uh reach a decision on uh the remote control concepts . um uh , and at the end , uh i uh , when i finish it off i have some uh input from uh a master class i uh <laugh> visited . <laugh> information . <laugh> i will take notes uh and at the end of the minutes uh will uh be at the shared folder .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager went over the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll be talking about the components . uh , what i did was i reviewed previously used items uh by uh two two uh different uh age groups . uh below forty five and above . <other> senior citizens uh <laugh> they , well , they like more thethey like the traditional materials , like wood and and such more . and uh uh they like uh straightforward shapes . where whereas the young and dynamic , they like a more uh soft materials . uh uh , soft and fluffy and colourful and but uh the two basic sources that i found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic . or you can go for both ? but uh the thing is about solar panel is you have to have l uh light . uh , and you you could you could use normal light , but uh you would n't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something . i i prefer kinetic because it 's uhwell , the costs are n't that much higher , and um , ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery . but , what l what jarek said , you could you could use a battery that you 'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves . or but but you could go in a in an double curves . and that'slike several different dimensions . yeah , that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look , i f i figured . yeah you couldy it leaves more space for creativity . i i ch prefer rubber because it feels uhyeah . well , we discussed it in a previous meeting , so i figured i 'll just leave it at the l _ c _ d _ . uh , you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic . i i uh i would prefer uh both uh too . but if you have a square uh l _ c _ d _ screen , and you put a case around it that has uh like bulbs or that that covers part of the l _ c _ d _ screen . that'sit 's custom customisable and uh so what are the opinions ? uh rubber or plastic ?", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gave a presentation about the options for power source , materials and components ."}
{"dialogue": "but uh the two basic sources that i found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic . or you can go for both ? i i prefer kinetic because it 's uhwell , the costs are n't that much higher , and um , ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery . or but but you could go in a in an double curves . and that'slike several different dimensions . yeah , that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look , i f i figured . yeah you couldy it leaves more space for creativity . i i ch prefer rubber because it feels uhyeah .", "summary": "abstract: he recommended using kinetic energy , and having a double-curved rubber case ."}
{"dialogue": "but , what l what jarek said , you could you could use a battery that you 'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves . uh , you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic . i i uh i would prefer uh both uh too .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to combine batteries and kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "i went to uh paris and milan for some trend-watching . in paris and milan , we uh asked different people , uh differing in age and in income , uh the amount of money to spend , um <other> what they like in design uh and material nowadays . our main audience , uh so that 's people below forty , uh prefer the following . at first , the colours of fruit . um , fresh colours , uh green , red , uh strawberry red , uh yellow , banana yellow . yeah . they like spongy material , okay , our secondary audience , uh people above forty a forty years in age , they like the dark traditional colours . <other> yeah , uh materials like wood that they have to look fancy . um , they should be technological in innovative . uh , and easy to use . we have to aim at a mu at themain audience . and uh , therefore use fresh colours . here , think about removable covers , as seen in mobile telephon telephone market . to customise your own remote control . uh , in my second sheet of personal preferences , uh we have to reconsider the speech function <laugh> uh recognition . you you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies , like speakuh speech recognition and stuff . uh , building games like snake or tetris <laugh> to amuse the younger users . and third , i stick with it , <laugh> the log-in functionality uh with the slogan , take parental control to a new dimension . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert reported on current trends among young people for fresh fruity colours and spongy material ."}
{"dialogue": "they have to look fancy . um , they should be technological in innovative . uh , and easy to use .", "summary": "abstract: he explained that the remote should look fancy , and be technologically innovative and easy to use ."}
{"dialogue": "we have to aim at a mu at themain audience . and uh , therefore use fresh colours . here , think about removable covers , as seen in mobile telephon telephone market . to customise your own remote control . uh , in my second sheet of personal preferences , uh we have to reconsider the speech function <laugh> uh recognition . you you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies , like speakuh speech recognition and stuff . uh , building games like snake or tetris <laugh> to amuse the younger users . and third , i stick with it , <laugh> the log-in functionality uh with the slogan , take parental control to a new dimension . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: he suggested using removable customisable covers , speech recognition , installing some games into the remote , and implementing a parental control feature ."}
{"dialogue": "but , the main concept is um take one big touch screen . um , always display the primary buttons clear and visible . and uh make the menu structure changeable . <other> one thing you 've got ta keep in mind , keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time . but um , well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure . and um , things like teletext , put them in the menu .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer talked about having a simple layout with not many buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "and um , things like teletext , put them in the menu . but um , well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure .", "summary": "abstract: most features will be controlled through the menu ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we can discuss a little about the the three uh kind of revolutionary things uh tim uh came with . i think that parental control is a good function to uh to put in the remote . how i see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a windows log-on screen with parents , children . you do n't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings . you c may uselike when there 's uh x _ p _ , uh a simple log-on , d you just push uh one or two or three . i do n't know if it 's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it . well i think that 's a b there 's a big market for it , just make through a remote as it is , but make an option to insert profiles , i i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control , uh let 's say we do , and and well whatever , cho uh child just goes up to the t _ v _ and presses up <other> for instance . what m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control . okay . and what do you uh guys think of the games in the voice recognition ? but i do n't think when you 're watching t _ v _ uh , hearing loud noises from the t _ v _ , someone screaming < sound imitating scream > one , and you f the channel switches , uh <laugh> yeah . yeah , like f voice recognition is too much , i think . but okay . so the games uh are in it . the voice recognition are not . and the parental control are well , i think also it 's a good idea , buts very difficult to incorporate . like the first idea uh from uhyou can buy it without and uh with parental contr control ? or are we going to put it in and uh just uh i i figure if you had two different remotes , you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it . well , maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs , where the parent says , you can not watch channel seven , nine , and ten , and you can not watch all channels after ten o'clock . but you still have the problem about uh the television itself . you could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem . maybe it 's uh handy to build in an expert view and a simple view . what i was thinking about is just a menu structure , when you do n't use it is simple . we take it to the other meeting ,", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the various options and decided to use games but not speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "the parental control will be incorporated , but it must be not too complex .", "summary": "abstract: after a lot of discussion they decided to implement a simple parental control feature ."}
{"dialogue": "i went to uh a master class and uh uh two things uh are uh are uhcan come in handy uh for us . first thing uh is uh we talked about knowledge uh management . knowledge engineering and uh uh the fact that uh that uh that the idea of knowledge , uh sharing and learning knowledge from other companies isuh like that . <laugh> it 's it 's uh very hot at the moment , so it 's it 's mostly for the management expert to to look what other uh what other companies uh had to uh also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote , just some uhyeah . <laugh> import export .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager talked about what he had learned at a masterclass on knowledge management ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> i had a i had another idea to put uh uh the whole the whole idea of uh real reaction and uh uh uh a single brand and uh uh that kind of thing . when you uh put on remote , you see a kind of ajust like when you telephone , you see a little uh animation . and uh with the with the with the motto , we put fashion in electronics . well , if you if you have the l l _ c _ d _ screen , you canyou can uh have a small logo i uh at the bottom . that spins around like all the time . it it 's just like a uh globe in internet explorer .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed how to incorporate the company logo and motto onto the remote , including having an animated logo on the touch screen ."}
{"dialogue": "n <laugh> uh , next meeting starts in thirty minutes . the the industrial uh development uh centre <laugh> and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype . and uh will drawing it on the smartboard . and um , the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation . but the most uh specific instructions will be sent to you by email . but i think it was a very uh very good uh session , uh gentlemen . but keep an eye on your uh laptops for a real uh", "summary": "abstract: the project manager gave the group instructions about what to do before the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "the the industrial uh development uh centre <laugh> and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype . and uh will drawing it on the smartboard . and um , the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together on a prototype , using the smartboard . the marketing expert will work on the product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "i i uh i would prefer uh both uh too . uh , you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic . <laugh> okay . so uh i think we have decided on the things thatuh from janus , the energy , the combination between battery and kinetic .", "summary": "decisions: the energy source will be a combination of batteries and kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "i i i prefer rubber . the case will be double-curved and uh rubber , in a fr flashy fruity colour uh thatwith cover is removable .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be double-curved and made of rubber , with fruity-coloured removable covers ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we discussed it in a previous meeting , so i figured i 'll just leave it at the l _ c _ d _ . the buttons will be uh touch-screen . uh but there may not be too many buttons .", "summary": "decisions: there will be a touch screen and not many buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "okay . so the games uh are in it . the parental control will be incorporated , but it must be not too complex .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will include games and a simple parental control feature ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , like f voice recognition is too much , i think . but the voice recognition are not .", "summary": "decisions: it will not use speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "i have a little problems with my laptop . and uh s s s so i had a little less time to complete . um , it did n't work anymore . <laugh> the entire windows uh", "summary": "problems: the user interface designer had problems with his laptop while he was preparing his presentation ."}
{"dialogue": "how i see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a windows log-on screen with parents , children . you do n't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings . you c may uselike when there 's uh x _ p _ , uh a simple log-on , d you just push uh one or two or three . i do n't know if it 's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it . well i think that 's a b there 's a big market for it , just make through a remote as it is , but make an option to insert profiles , i i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control , uh let 's say we do , and and well whatever , cho uh child just goes up to the t _ v _ and presses up <other> for instance . what m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control . well , i think also it 's a good idea , buts very difficult to incorporate . and the parental control are like the first idea uh from uhyou can buy it without and uh with parental contr control ? or are we going to put it in and uh just uh i i figure if you had two different remotes , you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it . well , maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs , where the parent says , you can not watch channel seven , nine , and ten , and you can not watch all channels after ten o'clock . but you still have the problem about uh the television itself . you could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure about how to implement a parental control feature , or if it would be worth the time and money ."}
