{"dialogue": "um , once again i 'm uh gon na take minutes . uh , first we have a prototype presentation by g _ and g _ . uh evaluation crit criteria . uh , in combination with the finance i um <other> uh i received uh a an uh an excel uh file which we have to fill in later on . uh , and then we must see uh if we uh stay under the twelve and a half euro . and after that , uh uh an evaluation of uh the process how we uh how we have done it here with the smartboard , with the with our laptops , with theall uh all this . once again , forty minutes ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "i would g give the word to um g _ and g _ for the prototype presentation . shall i give a short introduction and then uh yeah , well sure . um , this was our first concept . we decided to use a single touch-screen . and um , well , we began with uh with a form of shape , that is uh is easy to hold w in one hand , left or right handed . um well , during the meeting i showed you the concept of uh placing the buttons on top , usable with your thumb , and uh the menu structure , uh if necessary , with your other hand , yeah , uh well , and as you saw , we would just have the basic remote with the panel l _ c _ d _ uh screen . well , these would be the main buttons , h you could uh change them later on in your own profile if you want to . we have themore advanced menu uh setting right here . we have the sub-menus and stu stuff . as you can see , this uhthere , there are uh two uh weird bumps in it . <laugh> this is for uh the added uh effect of uh well uh y youth and dynamic . and so when you put it on the table , it will justlay down . the s panel we g you would hide with some more uh rubber layers , but the overlaying layer is uh a little bit uh curved and stuff . you can make a more thinner uh design , so , you have room here for your battery s and you can just be the the layer of the touchscreen and somehave some wires underneath it to make it as uh thin as possible in the middle for good grip . uh , you can see there 's a v a very uh youthful uh dynamic uh exterior . it 's like an uh easter egg . yeah , it 's like an e but this is for children . we we want a more adult version . so this actually basic the idea . we we just want to build a more uh adult vers adult version of of this .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototype design , describing the shape and layout of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> and and for colours , we we figured starting with basic colours like uh white or metallic grey . those are the technological colours actually , it would be best to to appeal to a broad public and make the covers exchangeable , so the young people will buy an orange and a red and blue and a purple , but when the o older people uh go in the shop and they see uh an orange um remote control , it would be less appealing than a white one . and young people , we think , are a little bit more flexible , they think , ah i 'll buy for a couple of euros some noi nice hip uh maybe it 's an idea to sell it without a cover , so that you can pick a cover in the in the shop . um i think a cover is necessary , so , there must be some cheap standard cover , yeah , but uh you d you must n't forget that uh our target aim is younger people . so i think uh it will be a better idea to have some uh flashy fruity colours as as a standard , and for the people who uh really want uh a more sophisticated , more traditional look , they 're willing to pay uh that . yeah . yeah , maybeyeah , perhaps you 're right . uh , maybe we could uh develop a cover uh with wood style . a wood style , a white c and uh a couple of h hip uh fruity colours . and lea uh l delivered standard with a fruity colour , but not too not too much . but , the mai i think th uh the standard must be some kind of uh uh attractive flashy colours . not too , but w a little ,", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed colour options and decided to make the standard remote in fruity colours , but with the option of buying different exchangeable covers which might appeal more to older buyers ."}
{"dialogue": "um , now is the time to uh evaluate our prototype concept to uh to the past requirements . um , we 're going to do that with a seven point scale . we have to uh be consensive about about things . we 're going to vote . the remote control is designed for people with age below forty . yeah , it 's not just uh designed for people under the age of forty . it 's also designed for people above forty . yeah , two or three , the remote control is beautiful . acco according to us , it 's one ? or of c of course you have to be uh very positive and uh enthusiastic about your own product . uh , the remote control looks fancy . one ? the remote control has big , clear channel switching buttons . yeah yeah , uh , teletext buttons and volume buttons ? teletext is in the menu . volume is true . yeah , the they are big and clear .. i would give it a more a five or a six . the remote control is easy to be found . uh well , when we put in fancy colours , yeah yeah , it has theseall these fruity colours and it has a strange shape . if you put uh your normal uh remote control under your bed , or you throw this remote control under your bed , is it better findable ? <laugh> it 'll make a difference . well , we p we can do it glow in the dark . <other> because uh four is between three and uh uh also between between true and false . uh , w uh according to uh the the other uh remote controls , there may uh uh be there in your uh t _ v _ room , this one will stand out , i think . if this lying on your couch , you 're you'reyou think what 's that for kinda orange uh thing . if your uh fifteen remotes in a drawer , uh you find it , yeah ? but but the survey under users was that they uh really lost it . yeah , that 's stupid . <laugh> most of times when you lose it you 're sitting on it . uh the remote control has fresh , fruity colours . um i would call uhchoose two , 'cause we decided not to make two f uh fresh colours , as it would not . yeah , yeah , not too flashy . the remote control is made of soft material . yeah , rubber , is kind of soft . yeah , but not too soft we have decided . three , yeah . easy to use . one . it 's it 's not the most easy to use jus just with ten buttons , that 's the easiest . yeah , but the most uh easy to use is just with one button it is r it is rather easy to use , because you have the primary buttons always visible . okay , two . yeah , two . the remote control is innovative . the remote control has m remova < sound indicating speaker is tongue-tied > removablefrom multilux . the remote control has built-in games ? but uh , maybe make it two , because the games are in a sub-menu and not uhit 's not an entire game . yeah , but they are built in , so it 's one . the remote control , i it has speech recognition . false . and the last , paren <laugh> parental advisory function . <laugh> the mm the mean uh number is uh one point eight one point eight six . so that 's fairly uh fairly good , i think . all the requirements uh are true or very true , right . yep .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert led the prototype evaluation and the group were happy with their product ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , we have now to c uh to calculate the production cost . yeah , if the costs are under twelve and a half euro , uh then we uh can uh ra uh move on to the project evaluation , as we have uh experienced it . otherwise , we have uh do uh have to do a little uh redesign uh thingy . so kinetic , one . battery , yes . one . advanced chip . <cough> so it 's only uh once double-curved . we 're now in a problem , 'cause uh we have uh reached eleven euro yet . then we 'll see uhwe 'll we 'll see uh wha how much we are over budget . special uhis the special colour ? <laugh> yeah , but we want to make uh the wood colours , uh that uh no , this is a standard colour . <laugh> yes , this is a special colour . <laugh> <laugh> yeah , if if you 're honest , we 'll uh type one , special colour . yeah , but but d but daniel , tha that 's that 's another brand . that 's another article well , we 're only four euro over budget .", "summary": "abstract: the group calculated the production costs ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we 're only four euro over budget . well , other case , we can make it single-curved or uncurved . mm , single-curves . the kinetic thing , can we just skip it , because uh you have to shake it , but that 's not really innovative . what do you think about uh putting a battery in it , but also selling like uh the covers , a docking station but you can use rechargeable batteries anyway , just you s you have to recharge them manual . well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved . so we have to bake the ba back flat , and then no , it 's it 's just one curve and not a back uh curved i think . or but uhit 's its ' well it 's it 's r it is the main point of the the the the look . no advanced chip , uh that 's a little bit of problem . so , if we do this , uh we 're on uh twelve and a half euro . uh , there 's an a a athe aesthetic value , but not functionality . if you make it double-curved , it costs one euro more . buti do n't know if twelve and a half is uh a fixed uh fixed price . yeah , well let 's assume it is . but i i figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion . no , well , y i mean uh , y you can go into your neighbour and tell him , ha , my k uh remote control is kinetic . yeah , but it does n't fit in our co cost profile . so because if you want to go to kinetic , you 're uh you 're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat , and i think now it 's it 's more of uh a compromise well , we were above , so we did a little redesign", "summary": "abstract: the group were 4 euros over budget , so they decided to make the case single-curved and not to use kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "now uh it 's about time to uh talk about uh this project . was there room for creativity in our meetings or in your individual meetings ? but , that 's mainly because uh of the information that was delivered to us . i i did n't think so . thatthere was a lot of room for it . and i could n't go on on i on the internet and search my own stuff . bu well , i th i think you two , <other> uh especially you and uh and uh daniel , you d you you both had uh the less creative uh roles in the project . i think jeroen and i , we had a more designwe could have morewe had more room for creativity than than you two . uh how about the leadership ? <laugh> i thought uh the first meeting was a little bit of unstructured meeting . but you could have uh structure it a l little bit more . so like , i i was talking most of the time the first meeting meeting , and i was a i was also very uh unhappy , uh very unsatisfied uh about the and uh i think the the last two meetings uh also we we reached uh some good decisions about uh talk yeah , more more consensus . no , ityou did better . uh , teamwork ? well , we work together on a project , but everybody has his own task . and it 's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed . but , really teamwork were you two uh nah . yeah , we we had some trouble with the pen , but d uh just write your name right now . uh he he knows how it works , yeah . the idea is great , but it does n't work properly . uh it 's it 's not real real use for me . i it 's the same concept as the pen , where you f have to download the software or s uh very uh slow . be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things , and the eraser was another problem . m abo what kind of new ideas ? well , the the idea of the touch-screen is uh new ideas about uh the working of this software , about about the project , about the remote controls or i do n't know what what i mean . people will still feel the need to to write it quickly on uh a page and not download it and save it , and you had expected it to to be uh more more uh more user-friendly . and now you have to um keep constantly in mind that you 're drawing on this screen . and writing textuh , yeah , you 've got ta really do your best to write some just t t type text , and that that would be uh excellent . here . picture from scanner , clip-art . but not the the the the predefined uh squares i think uh so there the the the functionality is there , but it 's not it 's not ideal , it costs a lot of time to uh to use , yeah .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager led the evaluation of the project process ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i th i think you two , <other> uh especially you and uh and uh daniel , you d you you both had uh the less creative uh roles in the project . i think jeroen and i , we had a more designwe could have morewe had more room for creativity than than you two . well , we work together on a project , but everybody has his own task . and it 's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed . but , really teamwork were you two uh", "summary": "abstract: the group felt that only the industrial designer and the user interface designer were able to be creative and work as a team ."}
{"dialogue": "i thought uh the first meeting was a little bit of unstructured meeting . but you could have uh structure it a l little bit more . so like , i i was talking most of the time the first meeting meeting , and i was a i was also very uh unhappy , uh very unsatisfied uh about the and uh i think the the last two meetings uh also we we reached uh some good decisions about uh talk yeah , more more consensus . no , ityou did better .", "summary": "abstract: it was felt that the first meeting was disorganised because of poor leadership but the leadership improved in the later meetings ."}
{"dialogue": "nah . yeah , we we had some trouble with the pen , but d uh just write your name right now . uh he he knows how it works , yeah . the idea is great , but it does n't work properly . uh it 's it 's not real real use for me . i it 's the same concept as the pen , where you f have to download the software or s uh very uh slow . be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things ,", "summary": "abstract: the group were also had problems with the digital pens ."}
{"dialogue": "because uh there must be some kind of end report . uh about all the meetings , what we have decided , <other> here is uh standing uh whoa , we can celebrate now , but the end report is you have now ten minutes left to finish up the end report . maybe we can do it uh together . so i i s i will uh put it on a story-board . um , this is about the functional design , but you can save it u theunder another name . it 's a read-only version . about the three functions whereuh which are most used and uh which must uh immediately be visible on our uh remote control . um , it must be uh simple to use , very clear what to do , and at the younger people . no , you have to putuh , switch channels uh at the top , because that 's the most used function and teletext at the second a volume changing , second . s switch , yes . <other> then the conceptual design . well , okay , maybe you can add it later that we decided in the end because of the cost . uh , he here it is still double-curve , the rubber , the flashy , the fruity , the removable . it 's not double . nay but thatthis is what um was initial , the plan . the initial plan . and the the added functions like tetris snake , the added functions . uh , was it included in the cost ? i do n't think so , eh ? okay , so uh anybody uh misses something here about uh yeah , the end conclusion . that 's that 's what i 'm gon na write b between now . yeah , but but the the decisions are put in the uh conclusion , i think . well i gon na redesign uh something now . oh , before you change anything maybe you um save it first . finish meeting now . i 'm going to finish my end report .", "summary": "abstract: the group helped the project manager fill in the final report before the close of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "that 's that 's what i 'm gon na write b between now . i 'm going to finish my end report .", "summary": "action: the project manager will finish the final report ."}
{"dialogue": "and lea uh l delivered standard with a fruity colour , but not too not too much . but , the mai i think th uh the standard must be some kind of uh uh attractive flashy colours . so i think uh it will be a better idea to have some uh flashy fruity colours as as a standard , and for the people who uh really want uh a more sophisticated , more traditional look , they 're willing to pay uh that .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will come in fruity colours as standard with the option of buying different exchangeable covers ."}
{"dialogue": "mm , single-curves . well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be single-curved instead of double-curved ."}
{"dialogue": "the kinetic thing , can we just skip it , because uh you have to shake it , but that 's not really innovative .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be battery powered and will no longer use kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we 're only four euro over budget .", "summary": "problems: the production costs were 4 euros over budget ."}
{"dialogue": "well , other case , we can make it single-curved or uncurved . mm , single-curves . the kinetic thing , can we just skip it , because uh you have to shake it , but that 's not really innovative . what do you think about uh putting a battery in it , but also selling like uh the covers , a docking station but you can use rechargeable batteries anyway , just you s you have to recharge them manual . well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved . so we have to bake the ba back flat , and then no , it 's it 's just one curve and not a back uh curved i think . or but uhit 's its ' well it 's it 's r it is the main point of the the the the look . no advanced chip , uh that 's a little bit of problem . if you make it double-curved , it costs one euro more . uh , there 's an a a athe aesthetic value , but not functionality . buti do n't know if twelve and a half is uh a fixed uh fixed price . yeah , well let 's assume it is . but i i figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion . no , well , y i mean uh , y you can go into your neighbour and tell him , ha , my k uh remote control is kinetic . yeah , but it does n't fit in our co cost profile . so because if you want to go to kinetic , you 're uh you 're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat , and i think now it 's it 's more of uh a compromise", "summary": "problems: which features should be changed to reduce production costs ."}
{"dialogue": "i i did n't think so . thatthere was a lot of room for it . but , that 's mainly because uh of the information that was delivered to us . and i could n't go on on i on the internet and search my own stuff . bu well , i th i think you two , <other> uh especially you and uh and uh daniel , you d you you both had uh the less creative uh roles in the project . i think jeroen and i , we had a more designwe could have morewe had more room for creativity than than you two . well , we work together on a project , but everybody has his own task . and it 's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed . but , really teamwork were you two uh", "summary": "problems: there were not enough opportunities for creativity and teamwork ."}
{"dialogue": "nah . yeah , we we had some trouble with the pen , but d uh just write your name right now . uh he he knows how it works , yeah . the idea is great , but it does n't work properly . uh it 's it 's not real real use for me . i it 's the same concept as the pen , where you f have to download the software or s uh very uh slow . be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things ,", "summary": "problems: the digital pens did not work very well ."}
