{"dialogue": "welcome at the functional design meeting , again presented by maarten . uh , we 've got three presentations . and i 'm gon na show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "'kay , we 're going to um uh talk about working design . it 's an electrical circuit which compose uh messages in the form of uh uh infrared signals to control the television . uh , diodes , uh bat batteries and uh uh led lights , they 're needed and they 're uh everywhere available . uh , the circuit board , it 's the most um important uh um part of the remote control .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer reported on working design , explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components ."}
{"dialogue": "well , the technical functions . and i think they'rewe have to focus uh on uh the uh one hand the expert view or the novice user . <other> th i think it 's it 's very much uh depending on the user requirements , w if you want try a a a huge market , if you want to reach a huge market , uh like elderly people andwe have to choose for novice user . uh well , there are l at least uh basic functions , uh like just th the channels uh one till nine , uh on and off switch , which must be clear with a red button or something like that . um , most standard uh have volume , of course , and a mute function , and , of course , the next and previous channel . and i do n't know if there uh are any umuh if you put more functions , more buttons , maybe it 's com becoming less trendy or something like that . uh , i th i thought the thewith less buttons you can make a more trendier uh", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer talked about what functions should be included ."}
{"dialogue": "and i think they'rewe have to focus uh on uh the uh one hand the expert view or the novice user .", "summary": "abstract: he suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users ."}
{"dialogue": "uh well , there are l at least uh basic functions , uh like just th the channels uh one till nine , uh on and off switch , which must be clear with a red button or something like that . um , most standard uh have volume , of course , and a mute function , and , of course , the next and previous channel . three out of four people claim m uh to find remote controls ugly .", "summary": "abstract: the basic functions should include an on / off switch , buttons for channels one to nine , volume , mute and buttons for next and previous channel ."}
{"dialogue": "and i do n't know if there uh are any umuh if you put more functions , more buttons , maybe it 's com becoming less trendy or something like that . uh , i th i thought the thewith less buttons you can make a more trendier uh", "summary": "abstract: he suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "alright , i 've done some research for functional requirements . there were hundred uh uh w h one hundred people , uh how do you say uh , f watched using remote controls in the usability lab and they also uh filled out a questionnaire uh with a few questions . so if we make a trendy design , we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market , which you can reach . um , three out of four users uh zaps a lot , as i uh quoted here from the uh results . furthermore , fifty percent says uh they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control . fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room . um , all the settings , about audio settings , video settings and channel settings , which are not very often used , we could group them uh on one button and make them accessible uh in one menu button or whatever , and a trendy look , well uh , although seventy percent of the market is uhconsists of elderly people uh who do n't really care for trendy looks or whatever , i guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert reported on user requirements , including how users rated the importance of different features ."}
{"dialogue": "so if we make a trendy design , we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market , which you can reach . um , three out of four users uh zaps a lot , as i uh quoted here from the uh results . fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room .", "summary": "abstract: he stressed that a trendy design is important , that users zap a lot , and that remotes often get lost ."}
{"dialogue": "well , then wei 'm gon na show you some of the new project requirements well , they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet . well , i think that may be so , but well , we ca n't just leave the teletext button off . so the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , you know , like on and off , the remote control should only be used for television . otherwise , the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market . new products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty . it 's a very small market which we will approach then if we uh want to reach customers younger than forty . yeah , but it isit 's is a dif it 's a fact that the th th that bigger market you 're talking about , we already cover that . so maybe we can make a remote control that 's primarily interesting for the younger group , but is n't that bad for an older person either . our product 's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager informed the group of new requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "well , they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet . well , i think that may be so , but well , we ca n't just leave the teletext button off . so the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , you know , like on and off , the remote control should only be used for television . otherwise , the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market . our product 's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design .", "summary": "abstract: the remote is only for tv , should not include a teletext feature , and should feature the company colour and slogan ."}
{"dialogue": "that means we can uh well d yeah , discuss on the remote control functions . yeah , we we 're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic t _ v _ functions . i know that the younger people will most likely have a d _ v _ d _ player they want to , no , yeah , th th the user requirements of the thethe new project requirements told us not to but just the basic functions . maybe like rewind and wind , no , new requirements say no . maybe if we just leave the d _ v _ d _ functional m uh yeah , we we 'll make w this one trendy . i think stop function is very useful . yeah , yeah , but maybe you s yeah yeah , maybe y you do , but i 've never heard of it in the first place . and i think we should just put one teletext button on it . i think the plus and the minus button should be uh quite present , no , okay , but we do n't have touh , when we do n't want to uh control other devices , i think it makes it even more simple . uh uh the batteries maybe . if you use large batteries or small batter batteries . i think double a _ . but i in a way we have to be uh uh special . do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that ? how we canwhat the extra touch can be . maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing . or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it , so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something . so big buttons , flashy design , and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing . a swapable front or whatever . yeah , or just different colours would be uhi do n't know if people also wan na spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control . <laugh> i in in the base we could like make uh a button , and if you push it , the remote control itself s makes noise . yeah , you have to put it on itsso it 's like a vase or uh something you put on a table . if you do that , but i do n't know if that 's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half euros . and then also you do n't even need batteries , because you can make it uh chargeable . <laugh> but when youyou can imagine that when you spend twenty five euros on a remote control and it 's a basic remote control , then the then the moneythere must be money to spend on that kind of st you know , rechargeable units . well , maybe yeah , you couldwhen that'swhen it 's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger , on the other hand , if you do n't do it , we can also make a nice bay . i mean , it looks trendy and still <laugh> still put a bleep function in it , well , we will see what 's possible concerning the the costs , and if it 's possible we 'll do that . and and what people just think about , well , i 'll never have to buy any r batteries again , so y b because it 's very annoying when your battery is empty .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed what functions and features the remote should have , and whether to include dvd / vcr controls , a teletext button , stop button , changeable covers , and a base / recharger with locator function ."}
{"dialogue": "has anyone got um <other> a little bit detailed ideas about the shape ? maybe like this pen . it has to feel nice in your hand . you should like make alessi or something design it . yeah , but <other> twelve and a half euros ? uh <laugh> i think it uh has to be a rit has to have round forms or something . something like that is very ergonomic . and on th and then uh s a base unit underneath it . it 's also round . maybe uh , i do n't know , some some lights , a big but well . maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons . but i also meant the the blinking li w you know , the ones that also blink when you try to uh uh locate your remote . maybe put something on top of it <laugh> or , you know , like that'slooks funny . i think i think that 'll be too big tha too big then .", "summary": "abstract: the group also discussed making the remote a rounded , ergonomic shape , and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost ."}
{"dialogue": "i had some problems with uh the digitising the the first minutes , the the s the next minutes wo n't be a problem , but i 'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too ,", "summary": "action: the project manager will write up the minutes , and put the minutes from both this meeting and the previous one in the project folder ."}
{"dialogue": "we have lunch break , and then we have thirty minutes of individual work .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert , industrial designer and user interface designer will have thirty minutes after lunch to work on their individual presentations ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , we we 're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic t _ v _ functions . yeah , we we 'll make w this one trendy . but i in a way we have to be uh uh special . do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that ? how we canwhat the extra touch can be .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a simple , trendy design , with some kind of special feature that makes it stand out ."}
{"dialogue": "well , maybe yeah , you couldwhen that'swhen it 's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger , well , we will see what 's possible concerning the the costs , and if it 's possible we 'll do that .", "summary": "decisions: if the budget allows it the remote will include a base unit with a locator function , which will also act as a recharger ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i think that may be so , but well , we ca n't just leave the teletext button off . so the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , you know , like on and off , i think we should just put one teletext button on it .", "summary": "problems: even though the new project requirements stated that teletext was outdated , the group felt they should still include one teletext button ."}
{"dialogue": "i know that the younger people will most likely have a d _ v _ d _ player they want to , no , yeah , th th the user requirements of the thethe new project requirements told us not to but just the basic functions . maybe like rewind and wind , no , new requirements say no . maybe if we just leave the d _ v _ d _ functional m uh", "summary": "problems: the group were still unsure whether to include some dvd / vcr functions on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but i in a way we have to be uh uh special . do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that ? how we canwhat the extra touch can be . or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it , maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing . so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something . a swapable front or whatever . yeah , or just different colours would be uhi do n't know if people also wan na spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control .", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulty deciding what special feature they should include to make their product stand out ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> i in in the base we could like make uh a button , and if you push it , the remote control itself s makes noise . yeah , you have to put it on itsso it 's like a vase or uh something you put on a table . if you do that , but i do n't know if that 's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half euros . and then also you do n't even need batteries , because you can make it uh chargeable . <laugh> but when youyou can imagine that when you spend twenty five euros on a remote control and it 's a basic remote control , then the then the moneythere must be money to spend on that kind of st you know , rechargeable units . well , maybe yeah , you couldwhen that'swhen it 's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger , on the other hand , if you do n't do it , we can also make a nice bay . i mean , it looks trendy and still <laugh> still put a bleep function in it , and and what people just think about , well , i 'll never have to buy any r batteries again , so y b because it 's very annoying when your battery is empty .", "summary": "problems: the group were not sure whether to include a base / recharger for the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "if you do that , but i do n't know if that 's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half euros . but when youyou can imagine that when you spend twenty five euros on a remote control and it 's a basic remote control , then the then the moneythere must be money to spend on that kind of st you know , rechargeable units . well , maybe yeah , you couldwhen that'swhen it 's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger ,", "summary": "problems: they were not sure how much a recharger would cost to make ."}
