{"dialogue": "okay , welcome to the detailed design meeting . oh , we 're gon na have a prototype presentation first .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "'kay , we 've made a prototype . especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . the logo is uh is uh <laugh> is pretty uh <laugh> obvious to see on the on the remote control , i think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . did we want to have a m mute button ? alright , and uh you got ta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button . yeah , but you you got ta make it clear on theon next to that i kinda miss a zero actually . i think it 's pretty basic , there 's one there 's one button , the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area . then your uh left thumb of uhyour right thumb is uh near the programme uh button , which is the most common used uh function , yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or or the buttons that can make uh light on it .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and industrial designer presented the prototype design ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the volume uh uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . and then we had uh just uh two buttons , we place them in the middle , uh the menu , and for the teletext uh then the the the nine uh channels . uh , power button . we 'll apply them then for now . i do n't know uh i do n't know if if it 's it 's necessary .", "summary": "abstract: the remote has buttons for power , mute , teletext , volume and channel up / down , and nine numbered channel buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh <other> do uh like uh d i call it teens and twenties . all n no , that 's um <other> kinda dependent on the television . but do we havedo we need extra buttons , i think you should add <other> a cross , or whatever . yeah , line . yeah , but you do n't you do n't actually need them , becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds no , that 's dependent on the television . i know some remote controls that do n't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twentyuh a number in the twenty or in the ten . yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um <other> they come with the television . when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it 's the same thing as when you just push the one , some televisions do n't accept uh that that when you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . and when y whe when you do n't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one . it it it works uh if you have n't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space . yeah , but it 's exact the samethat w would appear when you put a separate buttonpush a separate button . yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons . yeah , but you do n't underst uh you do n't understand my point . that special but buttonyou 're talking about , eh ? that 's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv t _ v _ that they have to put a one inon your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . when you do n't have that separate button , and you push y one , it 's exactly the same thing . no , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c that 's the same thing as the button with the one and it it 's simply not true . it 's simply not true . i i know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that does n't sport these buttons , it still works . we 'll discuss them in the usability lab . yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . i think it 's more c is m maybe we don'tuh we both do n't really understand how it i how it really works , but i think there 's more to in than wha than what you just said . no , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above ."}
{"dialogue": "but i still think i it itall t _ v _ s in some ways support it , but maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because real <other> real reaction sells more products than only remote controls . so maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh m _ p _ three players or or uh i think that 's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices . yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it 's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh the technology and the voltage can be the same . that 's uh that 's true . when when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it . should n't it fall then ? itis n't going to fall down ? no , when you make it large enough no it it will not . but it 's just an idea . it 's leaning . it 's leaning backwards , i think , in the in the docking station . well let 's ha let 's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issues <laugh> still to come .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed adapting the docking station so it could be used with other products but did not make a decision ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it . because we 're gon na use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , then we 're gon na do the buttons in the i are we 're gon na have rubber buttons . uh , in the same colour as the side . but uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours ,", "summary": "abstract: the remote is plastic with different coloured rubber strips on the sides and rubber buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "right , we 're gon na evaluate that design according to a few points . <other> um , we g the four of us are going to do that um together . we we got ta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , <laugh> the remote control is not ugly . how do you feel ? yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . i think i think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your own no , not not fronts , but different designs . okay , three . the remote control 's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy . yeah well , let thatlet 's make that a one . <laugh> it 's something we really put work into . the remote control the remote control 's relevant buttons are prominently visible . yeah , but we d we didn'twe 're we 're not planning to use fronts , i believe . i would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . the remote control has n't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . i think we totally succeeded there . well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , the remote control has got a really trendy look . yeah , uh a t i think a two . we 've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever . but i do think that it 's more trendy than beautiful . you agree on the two ? remote control has got innovative technology implanted . no , not l _ c _ d _ , so . you mean the rubber stuff ? but that that 's not innovative . or seven maybe , <laugh> yeah . with the lights itit 's it 's kind of future yes . <laugh> the docking station is a is a little bit innovative . well , let 's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . no uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so i think we how would you innovate a remote control more ? yeah , more through uh like function t _ v _ functionalities and but i d i definitely do n't think it 's a five , think about it la later on remote control is easy to use . yeah , a two . it will be bought by people under the age of forty . yeah . definitely . yeah , a two . the remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan . yeah , you can put that on the side if <laugh> if we would like to . yeah , and i will i th still think it 's gon na be a two or a three . remote control 's got a basic design intended uh for novice users . yeah , make it a two .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert led the product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's something we really put work into . yeah well , let thatlet 's make that a one . <laugh> yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . okay , three . i would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . i think we totally succeeded there . well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , the remote control has got a really trendy look . yeah , uh a t i think a two . we 've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever . but i do think that it 's more trendy than beautiful . you agree on the two ? no , not l _ c _ d _ , so . you mean the rubber stuff ? but that that 's not innovative . or seven maybe , <laugh> yeah . with the lights itit 's it 's kind of future yes . <laugh> the docking station is a is a little bit innovative . well , let 's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . no uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so i think we how would you innovate a remote control more ? yeah , more through uh like function t _ v _ functionalities and but i d i definitely do n't think it 's a five , think about it la later on yeah , a two . yeah . definitely . yeah , a two . yeah , you can put that on the side if <laugh> if we would like to . yeah , and i will i th still think it 's gon na be a two or a three . yeah , make it a two .", "summary": "abstract: the group were generally satisfied with the design but did not think the remote was technologically innovative ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's a two point six . which is uh quite a great score .", "summary": "abstract: the overall score was 2.6 ."}
{"dialogue": "i received uh a spreadsheet . i 'm gon na open the spreadsheet and we 're gon na work this out together , first of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . we include one battery . we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . we should know how many simple chips , regular chips the simple chip is e enough i i think , the the email i got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like i think the advanced chipmaybe . maybe you can uh look it up right now . well , point out the advanced chip for now , i guess . yeah , but it will it will it will because a lot of problems . okay , we went for the double-curved case made out of plastic and rubber . and with a special colour . otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour . yeah , i think we uh we have special colours . okay , then the push-button , i was just counting them . uh , i think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , well that 's bit of a problem , because i re but i really do n't understand that , because i can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it would n't be possible according to this uh sheet . it 's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . maybe it 's the kind of push-buttons . you can have f four kind of push-buttons . and plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it 's will be uh eighteen . why is that so uh expensive . yeah , i do n't understand . well , okay , well well let 's make it just one . i i i could n't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . really . i 've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , yeah , but i d i would n't want to own that . really . uh , it 's it 's still for little children . but then still , <laugh> when wethere 's no room for a docking station or something . we 'll give the buttons special colour . we 'll give them a special form . <other> a special colour , why a special colour ? because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . i do n't think the special form is really true . i think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that 's what we were planning to do , 'kay , but the problem now is that <other> thethere 's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents . <laugh> but we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station then the docking station is n't relevant for this project anymore , no , but youotherwise you ca n't retrieve it . i mean if it 's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two euros and thirty cents . but for two euros and thirty cents , we uh we do n't get a docking station . if it would cost two euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , or we can ki do the kinetic cells . but uh what can we do with the simple chip and what 's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , yeah , but when we skip when we umwhen we do n't use the do we 're not gon na make the docking station , then we stillyeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , we can make a plain docking station for two euros . wi wi without recharge i 've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or you can look at it for s presentation . i do n't think hereit 's in here already . was it working design or components design ? you know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires okay , so we only need a simple chip . it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . and what 's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ? maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down . so we 're gon na use the simple chip . nah , there is some money left to be spent . i think we can make a docking station . yeah . we are n't gon na apply any uh innovatedinnovative te technology anyway , i think . we can make a docking station for two thirty . yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . but we uh we do n't inc we have n't looked at thethese costs of the speaker and other stuff . <other> well then it 's a useless project . yeah , then we do n't have any innovation things . ca n't we say fifteen euros ? no , then we have to sell it for thirty euros . you can sell for twenty seven and a half . <other> no .", "summary": "abstract: the group worked out the manufacturing costs ."}
{"dialogue": "first of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . we should know how many simple chips , regular chips the simple chip is e enough i i think , i have n't got an idea on on which we need to use , really . the the email i got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like i think the advanced chipmaybe . maybe you can uh look it up right now . well , point out the advanced chip for now , i guess . yeah , but it will it will it will because a lot of problems . well that 's bit of a problem , uh , i think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , because i re but i really do n't understand that , because i can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it would n't be possible according to this uh sheet . it 's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . maybe it 's the kind of push-buttons . you can have f four kind of push-buttons . and plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it 's will be uh eighteen . why is that so uh expensive . yeah , i do n't understand . well , okay , well well let 's make it just one . i i i could n't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . really . i 've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , yeah , but i d i would n't want to own that . really . uh , it 's it 's still for little children . 'kay , but the problem now is that <other> thethere 's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents . <laugh> but we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station then the docking station is n't relevant for this project anymore , no , but youotherwise you ca n't retrieve it . i mean if it 's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two euros and thirty cents . but for two euros and thirty cents , we uh we do n't get a docking station . if it would cost two euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , but uh what can we do with the simple chip and what 's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , yeah , but when we skip when we umwhen we do n't use the do we 're not gon na make the docking station , then we stillyeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , we can make a plain docking station for two euros . wi wi without recharge i 've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or you can look at it for s presentation . i do n't think hereit 's in here already . was it working design or components design ? you know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires okay , so we only need a simple chip . it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . i think we can make a docking station . yeah . we can make a docking station for two thirty . yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . but we uh we do n't inc we have n't looked at thethese costs of the speaker and other stuff . we can really can do the docking thing , then we have one euro thirty for the whole docking station .", "summary": "abstract: the group had problems figuring out the cost of the docking station and buttons , and did not know which kind of chip to use ."}
{"dialogue": "or we can ki do the kinetic cells . maybe i think maybe the kinetic thing is something . instead of the rechargeable kinetics are n't uh nowadays only used in watches and that 's because you 're always walking . the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking . hey thatmaybe that 's coolthat 's a cool thing about it , you know . you do n't use batteries . uh maybe itwith the kinetic thing , i think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing . maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . battery and kinetic . you you got ta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really . uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time . because i think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when i move my remote control around and yeah , it 's funny for a week . okay , then we d okay , well y we do n't have to do it , but whatthat would just have a lack of key features , you know .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed using kinetic energy to make the remote more technologically innovative but decided against it ."}
{"dialogue": "then we have one euro thirty for the whole docking station . no no , it 's not possible .", "summary": "abstract: they eventually decided that they could not afford a docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "warning , finish meeting now . well , we were gon na what looktake a look at the last sheet . no , we ca n't . yeah , we have toyeah , it 's <laugh> yes , yes . celebration .", "summary": "abstract: they did not have time to evaluate the project process before the end of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we got ta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest .", "summary": "action: the group will fill out a final questionnaire ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're gon na use the simple chip .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a simple chip ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , then we d okay , well y we do n't have to do it , but whatthat would just have a lack of key features , you know .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a standard battery and not kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "no no , it 's not possible .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not come with a docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds i think you should add <other> a cross , or whatever . yeah , line . but do we havedo we need extra buttons , all n no , that 's um <other> kinda dependent on the television . uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh <other> do uh like uh d i call it teens and twenties . no , that 's dependent on the television . i know some remote controls that do n't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twentyuh a number in the twenty or in the ten . yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um <other> they come with the television . when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it 's the same thing as when you just push the one , some televisions do n't accept uh that that when you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . and when y whe when you do n't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one . it it it works uh if you have n't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space . yeah , but it 's exact the samethat w would appear when you put a separate buttonpush a separate button . yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons . yeah , but you do n't underst uh you do n't understand my point . that special but buttonyou 're talking about , eh ? that 's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv t _ v _ that they have to put a one inon your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . when you do n't have that separate button , and you push y one , it 's exactly the same thing . no , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c that 's the same thing as the button with the one and it it 's simply not true . it 's simply not true . i i know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that does n't sport these buttons , it still works . we 'll discuss them in the usability lab . we 'll apply them then for now . i do n't know uh i do n't know if if it 's it 's necessary . yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . but i still think i it itall t _ v _ s in some ways support it , i think it 's more c is m maybe we don'tuh we both do n't really understand how it i how it really works , but i think there 's more to in than wha than what you just said . no , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals .", "summary": "problems: the group could not agree what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above ."}
{"dialogue": "but maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because real <other> real reaction sells more products than only remote controls . so maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh m _ p _ three players or or uh i think that 's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices . yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it 's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh the technology and the voltage can be the same . that 's uh that 's true . when when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it . should n't it fall then ? itis n't going to fall down ? no , when you make it large enough no it it will not . but it 's just an idea . it 's leaning . it 's leaning backwards , i think , in the in the docking station . well let 's ha let 's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issues <laugh> still to come .", "summary": "problems: the could not decide whether the docking station should be adapted for use with other products ."}
{"dialogue": "first of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . 'kay , but the problem now is that <other> thethere 's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents . <laugh> but we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station then the docking station is n't relevant for this project anymore ,", "summary": "problems: the group did not know how much the docking station would cost ."}
{"dialogue": "we should know how many simple chips , regular chips the simple chip is e enough i i think , i have n't got an idea on on which we need to use , really . the the email i got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like i think the advanced chipmaybe . maybe you can uh look it up right now . well , point out the advanced chip for now , i guess . yeah , but it will it will it will because a lot of problems . but uh what can we do with the simple chip and what 's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , i 've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or you can look at it for s presentation . i do n't think hereit 's in here already . was it working design or components design ? you know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires okay , so we only need a simple chip . it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip .", "summary": "problems: they were not sure what kind of chip they would need or where to find this information ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , i think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , well that 's bit of a problem , because i re but i really do n't understand that , because i can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it would n't be possible according to this uh sheet . it 's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . maybe it 's the kind of push-buttons . you can have f four kind of push-buttons . and plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it 's will be uh eighteen . why is that so uh expensive . yeah , i do n't understand . well , okay , well well let 's make it just one . i i i could n't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . really . i 've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , yeah , but i d i would n't want to own that . really . uh , it 's it 's still for little children .", "summary": "problems: they were not sure how much the buttons would cost because they seemed too expensive ."}
{"dialogue": "then the docking station is n't relevant for this project anymore , no , but youotherwise you ca n't retrieve it . i mean if it 's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two euros and thirty cents . but for two euros and thirty cents , we uh we do n't get a docking station . if it would cost two euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , yeah , but when we skip when we umwhen we do n't use the do we 're not gon na make the docking station , then we stillyeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , we can make a plain docking station for two euros . wi wi without recharge i think we can make a docking station . yeah . we can make a docking station for two thirty . yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . but we uh we do n't inc we have n't looked at thethese costs of the speaker and other stuff . we can really can do the docking thing , then we have one euro thirty for the whole docking station . no no , it 's not possible .", "summary": "problems: they were not sure whether they could afford the docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "or we can ki do the kinetic cells . maybe i think maybe the kinetic thing is something . instead of the rechargeable kinetics are n't uh nowadays only used in watches and that 's because you 're always walking . the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking . hey thatmaybe that 's coolthat 's a cool thing about it , you know . you do n't use batteries . uh maybe itwith the kinetic thing , i think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing . maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . battery and kinetic . you you got ta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really . uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time . because i think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when i move my remote control around and yeah , it 's funny for a week . okay , then we d okay , well y we do n't have to do it , but whatthat would just have a lack of key features , you know .", "summary": "problems: the project manager wanted to use kinetic energy but the others were not convinced ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> it w it wo n't tell , but no , this not gon na sell . no . yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . you have to do it over . no no uh there 's still there 's still someth concept and something special left . yeah , and i would li i would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature ,", "summary": "problems: the group were dissatisfied with the final product ."}
{"dialogue": "warning , finish meeting now . well , we were gon na what looktake a look at the last sheet . no , we ca n't . yeah , we have toyeah , it 's <laugh> yes , yes . celebration .", "summary": "problems: they did not have enough time to evaluate the project process ."}
