{"dialogue": "so welcome back . first . i want to say i 'm the secretary , so i make the minutes . you find them in yourin the map in the from the group . there 's the minutes from the first meeting . you 'll find the next minutes also there .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting by explaining how to locate his minutes from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "so first i wan na ask the < sing-song pause filling noise > industrial designer to tell what he did . so it 's a little difficult what i 'm gon na tell you . it 's about the working of the remote control . i just had an half an hour j to study it and <laugh> i do n't get it . first uh i will tell you something about the findings , what i discovered about the remote control . uh then i 'll have uh some kind of map , and it 's the top of the remote control . the remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who have n't seen a remote control uh inside . uh there 's a lot of uh plastic on it , um because its uh not so expensive . and there are uh a lot of uh wires , uh which um connect the components in it , and there are um switches and things like that . there 's a lot of small uh electronics . so it wo n't be um uh too expensive to build it . only twelve euro fifty i think uh we will make it . and here i have the top of the remote control . uh here 's some kind of chip . uh on top of this , there are uh the numbers . uh you have all on your remote control . and uh the teletext uh button . and uh here 's the battery . and when you push the button , it will uh will be sent to the chip . and the chip will um send it to all kind of sub-components . my preferences ? we should n't make it too big . uh also for the cost , uh we should only put one battery on it . a long-lasting battery . uh also for the cost , uh use only plastic . also because of the cost , uh not too much buttons on it . we can also make uh a button uh with amenu uh button . and then um that that you will see it on the t _ v _ . and the bleep signal , y uh you told us . uh but we can also use it uh a bleep like something , when the battery 's empty , then there is a bleep . and also the bleep , whenwhat i told you about uh when you lost it , and you push a button , and then you hear bleep bleep , and we will find it . the battery . you say one battery is cheaper . if we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light , then it will be cheaper than when we use two . when you use two , you can use it two times longer . then we 'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting . okay and the buttons . when you use it on the television , you'veyou need the television , wh which can use it . but uh i think thisour remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company ? or is it also for other companyuh for other televisions ? i think we have to use it also on other televisions though . maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions . they are two different things though . we have to choose one . it has to work on o uh all televisions . then i think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer briefly explained the internal workings of the remote , and mentioned his preferences for power source and case material ."}
{"dialogue": "and i just uh have one more idea . butuh , to have a trendy remote control , we can also um make something like the nokia um mobile phones . to change covers . so if you have uh a trendy half with all red , uh yellow and something . and then you can put a red cover on it . will this will this add to the cost ? uh then it wo n't beuh will have just one cover on the uh original one . and then you can buy the covers . but you have to m uh be able to change it . d does it make it more difficult to design ? i think it will be a little more difficult , but not too much . just like with the nokia uh mobile phones . yeah but there are much more nokia telephones than um these ones . if it wo n't works then we 'll get something else . then we uh wo n't g uh go further with it . yeah but are their profits bigger than their cost ? uh a p a <laugh> a cover made in uh in china , it it wo n't be i guess so expensive i think . yeah but there are also design cost . would you change the cover ? i wi i wo n't . but maybe i think trendy people or like children where you can paint on it , i think that too less people would change it for good profit . so i 'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh but it 's uh yeah it 's uh original idea . <laugh> but i do n't think we have to do it .", "summary": "abstract: he also suggested mobile phone-like changeable covers , and the group discussed the profit in this ."}
{"dialogue": "yes well uh uh i shall give a short talk about the the technical function design . <other> um i thought the the the technical function design was uh to uhfor a remote control to to to have some influence on the t _ v _ set . and uh well , it all by pushing a button on the remote . uh i find some uh some interesting quotes on the web . uh message to the television . and uh and and and well basic uh operations like on and off , and uh switching channels , and uhand maybe uh teletext or something like that . well these are two uh remotes , and that 's our uh our dilemma i think . uh but uh shall we make a basic remote control , uh just uh swapping channels and volume and uh power button and well nothing much more . or uh uh more functions on the remote . uh maybe more devices you can influence . uh a radio or a v a video recorder , uh v _ c _ r _ . um any ideas about that ? basic or multifunctional ? we 'll got back on that later . so uh i did n't know what uh what way we would go .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer very briefly mentioned some features a remote should have and suggested it should be multifunctional ."}
{"dialogue": "then it 's your turn , the marketing expert . so i 'm uh gon na have a presentation about um the market , uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons . and we looked at uh several um things . uh among them design , uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls . uh our users , they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls . um uh they especially found found them very ugly . and um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it . uh well they also zap a lot . and uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons . so a lot of unused buttons . well uh the most used button is the channel selection . the power , volume and channel selections are very relevant . uh teletext is uh less relevant but also important . uh not important they found the audio , uh that 's not the volume but uh specific the the pitch , or the left or right . uh the screen and the brightness . and uh channel settings . uh th and they also are not used very often . uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups . then we have a few um graphs about the market . um as you can see , most users are uh between thirty six and forty five . um the the the younger group between sixteen and twenty five is not very big . and to come back on the the swapping uh things , uh i do n't think uh , i <other> i think the younger will be most interest in it . um in thewe asked them , uh how would you like a s a new feature . if you have an l _ c _ d _ on the remote control , what would you think of it . now you can clearly see young users say . i willthat would very nice . and older user think uh they will be scared of change <laugh> i think . and another thing , how would you like to have a speech recognition on it . young users uh think that 's an interesting idea . and old users not . uh well we uh found out that there are twoseveral markets at which we can aim . uh the first are the younger , the age between sixteen and forty five . uh they are highly interested in the features , as you can see uh here . uh the second group is the older group . aged between forty six and sixty five . they are less interested in uh new features . but uh they spend their money more easily . well then i come to my uh personal preferences . uh yeah the first question is uhalso we have to ask is at the which market do we aim at . uh of course n uh saying we aim at the young group does n't say that old people wo n't buy it . what i thought , um even young people say it 's hard to use , remote control . so if you make a remote control that is uh very easy to use , that 's especially aimed at this group , even uh the young group will also be more interested . but when use it , uh i do n't know what 's uh good thing of speech recognition . uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control . you can find most functions on a t _ v _ set . so uh you do n't have to have a lot of audio options , or screen options to change the brightness . and such things . one thing i did not say i think , is that a lot of users also said then i would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one . so the design of our remote control is very important .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert present the findings of the usability study ."}
{"dialogue": "if we aim for the younger people , um and there will be uh a lot of features like l _ c _ d _ or the the the speech uh f recognising , uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher . uh i think we do n't have that in our budget . and i do n't uh i do n't think twenty five euros for a remote is really cheap or something . so it'syeah , it 's hard to uh get the younger group . i think uh the l _ c _ d _ is cheaper than speech recognition . uh we goback on the decisions later . so i think that can be an d good option . l _ c _ d _ .", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed their target group , and what features they might include to attract them ."}
{"dialogue": "now we have a few new product requirements . first , teletext . we have internet now so we do n't need the teletext anymore . so not necessary . only for the television . so we do n't look at the other things like the radio or something . we look at the age group of forty plus . uh no , younger than forty . our corporate colour and slogan must be used . so you can see it on our site . i uh personally think uh teletext is a good option . it 's a <laugh> new requirement . yeah but we do n't use it . no discussion about it .", "summary": "abstract: the manager introduced new requirements to the project , insisting they were to be followed ."}
{"dialogue": "now we have to decide what controls do we need . yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said . well a power button ? uh the well um i think separate channels . so so so uh zero to nine or something . uh volume . to move up , move down . do we make a menu ? uh yes i think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . up-down for channel selection , and left-right uh for volume . and if you press the menu button you get into the menu , on the l _ c _ d _ screen , you mean ? uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the t _ v _ . or you get the menu on the l _ c _ d _ screen on the remote control . think it 's better to have it on the remote control , but then we come to the costs . but well if you aim at the younger market , um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab , uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control . so if we have a l _ c _ d _ sh uh screen , and uh not too many buttons , i think that will incre uh uh even when it 's a bit more cost , it will still sell . is this enough ? mute .", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed what buttons they might need , which included menu , numbers , channel and volume changing arrows and mute ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh we do n't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like ? or that 's for the next phase . i think that 's enough for the next phase . phase two is the conceptual design .", "summary": "action: the design of the remote control is to be carried out at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "your individual action , you can find them in the email .", "summary": "action: individual actions for the next meeeting can be found in emails to be sent ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the well um i think separate channels . so so so uh zero to nine or something . uh volume . to move up , move down . uh yes do we make a menu ? i think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . up-down for channel selection , and left-right uh for volume . and if you press the menu button you get into the menu , mute .", "summary": "decisions: the buttons will consist of number , a menu button , arrows for changing channel and volume , but also navigating the menu , and a mute button ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: * na *"}
