{"dialogue": "now uh , i ask you to presentate the prototype . <laugh> this is it . it 's uh it 's uh it 's yellow . and uh , this is rubber . and and and this too . and the rest is hard plastic . the sides . we had a new idea <laugh> that that this can uh can be uh uh turned inside . and then it covers thethese buttons and then you can still use the the power button and the mute and the the joystick . so , you can still operate uh all the things . because you do n't always use the menu . and the buttons ? big buttons . and everything is blue , except the power button . yeah , and the mute and the the other button . and the joystick is for the volume and the channels . very obvious . up is channel up . down is channel down . to the right is volume up . to the left is volume down . okay , so if joystick and l _ c _ d _ . what 's the r _ r _ r _ r _ 's the l the the the the company uh logo . that 's on the rub rubber part . so , what they say on the side is put fashion there . so , that 's it . that 's prototype .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer and user interface designer presented their prototype design , made of yellow rubber and hard plastic , with large , mostly blue buttons , a joystick and lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we gon na do the evaluation now , together . i have um thinked a few evaluation uh criterias , uh based on um our marketing strategy , on uh the latest trends , on user preferences . uh , we have a seven point scale from uh true , as well . to false , seven ? and on base of each c uh criteria , we need to um give a rating . um , well uh we have the word document uh , what this just an example . so , this not very important . but um , if i can get a number in here . um , so uh you have to think of it as uh the remote control is techno technologically innovative . uh , and then we have to uh agree on the rating together . and in the end , we will c uh count an average of all rating . yeah , i think it 's uh <laugh> uh , well technologically using , it 's not uhit does n't contain many new features . um , i think i will give it ayeah , yeah , yeah , a four . i think the scroll-button is something also uh new . i think technologically i 'll give it an seven . so now i i think you uh see itum its statement . and youtrue or false . oh , true or false . oh , uh i 'll i 'll give it uh a t a two . two . it 's a one . <laugh> the first item . um , this product is for all sorts of customers . well , it 's a statement which uh i disagree with , because we uh really aim uh at at young market and i think the way it looked uh c uh totally in yellow , it 's not uh really aimed for all customers . that 's uh a six . mm , four . so i think it 's four . i mean it still has l large buttons and not m many buttons . maybe version uh three point o _ uh <laugh> has other colours . <laugh> we put the fashion in electronics . yeah , well do we do this with uh this product ? i think if we do this , as it 's uh uh c uh it 's really orientates on the design . um , so i would give it a two . me too a two , because only the battery is not uh techin uh technologically high standard . uh , i say uh a five . it 's not fashion , it 's new . then make it th three . the next element um is the product looks good . well personally , i do not prefer a um remote control that 's fully in yellow . so , i would give this a five . i give it a one . <laugh> well , i say three . uh uh , the next statement . it has not too much buttons . i i have uh said is not because uh a low number is better . well , uh if we go to <other> uh this fashion , iwe still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers . so , i would give this a two . one . me too . one . it does not get lost easily . yeah , did we implement uh the sound ? yes . <laugh> no , we did not . so , but can it get lost if it 's such a thing ? ah . yellow . i do n't think so . it wo n't get between uh the pillows uh on the couch . a one ? <laugh> yeah , o one . okay , um well we aimed for the younger market . uh yeah , did we achieve that . i think with the way it looks and um it is designed , i will give it a two . there 's a fancy look-and-feel . that that was uh , yeah , one of the most important things that uh trendwatch said . well , let 's also give this a two . i gave this a one because of the rubber . yeah , f very fancytrendy . it 's a a bit personal . if it 's fancy . so i think s two is better . uh it goes with the latest trends . no , it 's new . innovation . if we looked at the latest trends for the uh younger people , and they ate uh fruit and vegetables , well it has a um a nice colour , uh well compared to food we did not paint any uh fruit and vegetable on it for something like that . we 'll go for a three . i go for two because uh the the shapes are still round . but the the colours are um basic , like yellow , red , um blue . something what also younger people want .", "summary": "abstract: led by the marketing expert , the group evaluated the prototype on a scale of one to seven , based on a set of evaluation criteria ."}
{"dialogue": "two . so um , come back to the presentation now . so , we find yourself there , and now we have to calculate an average rating . effort is three , ten and twelve . thirty , forty , fifty , . twenty one . so , it 's uh two and three nine two and one third . so uh , that 's a pretty low rating , i think . so , it 's good . so , according to our uh own evaluation uh we did a good job . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the overall rating was two ."}
{"dialogue": "next . finance . so , now uh we have a product . but uh , is it cheap enough ? we have a battery . cheapest there is . electronics . advanced chip . it 's the most advanced . we have the simple , regular and advanced . we have the adva advanced . we have double curved . we have half rubber , half plastic . special colour . yes , yellow . so , we have the l _ c _ d _ we have two scroll-wheels ? or one ? one . and it 's not really a s joystick uh thing . now , uh button supplement . special colour . the buttons are regular colour . it 's too expensive . fifteen euros . so , we have to change something .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager calculated the production costs , which were too high at fifteen euros ."}
{"dialogue": "well uh when we lose one scroll-wheel , it 's okay . 'cause we ca n't lose the battery . we ca n't lose the advanced chip . we ca n't lose the double curve . we have rubber , special colour . uh , i do n't think it 's a very special colour . yellow ? uh , is it a special colour ? for a remote control , i think it is . <laugh> if we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick . for up down left right . um , then we uh lose two euros . then we have thirteen euros . half a euro too much . exactly the special colours . um <other> just only plastic or only rubber ? one euro discount . i think we have to keep the l _ c _ d _ . and if you say it 's just a r uh normal colour normal colour , and the the joystick away , but if you lose the joystick , it 's still uh an advanced chip ? or it 's then a regular ? the advanced chip was for the l _ c _ d _ if we lose the l _ c _ d _ , then we have an uh regular chip and no l _ c _ d _ . then you 'll have to m uh see the menu on the television . and then uh we move the the colour . no joystick . push-buttons . no special colour . and you can not use the red and green button . so , all the buttons has tohave to be the same colour . what 's the normal colour ? very good .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed how to make the design cheaper , and decided to keep the lcd screen , but to remove the special colour and replace the joystick with regular push-buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "now , uh project eva evaluation . process . went good . i think uh the creativity uh <laugh> was good enough . uh leadership . yeah , you were the project project manager , and uh had the final vote . team-work okay . new ideas found . <other> nope . i i espe i especially uh liked the the means , the the smartboard yeah , i think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices . well , the laptops if you have them out front of you , you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation . um , well uh the draw-board , well you can draw things . but it not really going very convenient . uh , maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor um , and uh the project . yeah , i agree on what was said uh mainly . uh , yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others . and maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking . i think it was good . not too many discussions . so , it 's good for the speed . so , i think we 're ready . good price . evaluation ready .", "summary": "abstract: finally the project manager led an evaluation of the project process before closing the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "process . went good . i think uh the creativity uh <laugh> was good enough . uh leadership . yeah , you were the project project manager , and uh had the final vote . team-work okay . new ideas found . <other> nope . i i espe i especially uh liked the the means , the the smartboard yeah , i think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices . well , the laptops if you have them out front of you , you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation . um , well uh the draw-board , well you can draw things . but it not really going very convenient . uh , maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor um , and uh the project . yeah , i agree on what was said uh mainly . uh , yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others . and maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking . i think it was good . not too many discussions . so , it 's good for the speed .", "summary": "abstract: overall , the group were satisfied with the creativity , teamwork and available equipment , although the marketing expert thought the smartboard and laptops were sometimes distracting and not that helpful ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "i think we have to keep the l _ c _ d _ .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "if we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick . for up down left right . normal colour , and the the joystick away , no joystick . push-buttons . no special colour .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have regular push-buttons instead of a joystick ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , i do n't think it 's a very special colour . and if you say it 's just a r uh normal colour normal colour , and the the joystick away , and then uh we move the the colour . no joystick . push-buttons . no special colour .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be a normal colour rather than a special colour ."}
{"dialogue": "now , the finance . <laugh> do we change the the order ? or are we going to uh ev evaluate it first ? finance is um first uh yes . we have to evaluate the product yet . sorry .", "summary": "problems: there was some confusion about the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's too expensive . fifteen euros . so , we have to change something .", "summary": "problems: the production costs of the initial design came to fifteen euros , so the design had to be changed ."}
{"dialogue": "well uh when we lose one scroll-wheel , it 's okay . 'cause we ca n't lose the battery . we ca n't lose the advanced chip . we ca n't lose the double curve . we have rubber , special colour . uh , i do n't think it 's a very special colour . yellow ? uh , is it a special colour ? for a remote control , i think it is . <laugh> if we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick . for up down left right . um , then we uh lose two euros . then we have thirteen euros . half a euro too much . exactly the special colours . um <other> just only plastic or only rubber ? one euro discount . i think we have to keep the l _ c _ d _ . and if you say it 's just a r uh normal colour normal colour , and the the joystick away , then you 'll have to m uh see the menu on the television . if we lose the l _ c _ d _ , then we have an uh regular chip and no l _ c _ d _ . and then uh we move the the colour . no joystick . push-buttons . no special colour . so , all the buttons has tohave to be the same colour . and you can not use the red and green button .", "summary": "problems: which features should be removed or changed ."}
{"dialogue": "but if you lose the joystick , it 's still uh an advanced chip ? or it 's then a regular ? the advanced chip was for the l _ c _ d _ if we lose the l _ c _ d _ , then we have an uh regular chip and no l _ c _ d _ .", "summary": "problems: which chip would be needed for the revised design ."}
