{"dialogue": "okay , the waiting is for our marketing expert , ruud . is there a schedule for this meeting ? yes , there is actually . um i will li list the agenda for today . for this meeting . it 's important that the laptops are um exactly on the square , um for the cameras . um we 're here to develop uh a new product . this is the first meeting to to generate some uh uh some ideas about it . um you are here in a specific role . uh ruud is here as the marketing expert , roo is here as the user interface designer and sebastian is here uh in the role of industrial designer . we 're going to do um uh uh a little tool training uh for the tools we are going to use uh during uh the meetings we are going to have here . um then i will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan , uh and we will have a discussion . uh this meeting should take no more than twenty five minutes , um is there any room for a little presentation ? uh maybe during the discussion uh section ? <laugh> no problem . this new product we are are g are going to develop , um it 's a remote control , um and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly . <other> um we will discuss uh later on more ideas about uh how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those kind of things . um <other> we are going to use a a pred a project method uh during uh this development , uh the functional design , the conceptual design and the detailed design , um all of these stages um um mean that we do some individual work , prepare , and then uh meet to discuss our uh uh the um the first stage , the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements , um <other> the second is the technical functional design , um what effect should the remote have ? um and the last one is the working design . how exactly does it work in the technical sense .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project , describing what the project would involve , the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> okay , um before we think about remote control we will um work with some of the tools we have uh here . you can uh uh display pr uh two presentations if you want to . <other> to um presentate , to show us uh a file you 'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder , um then we have this electronic white-board system . you can draw on the board using this pen . there are little um uh sensors , it 's on the um eraser now , so we click the pen button . <other> you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button . um all our um whi um uh smartboard um notes should be kept in the same file . so do not m make a new file . but we all use the same white-board file um so now i d have a different line width and uh colour . current colour , you can choose another colour . i wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder um as a little training <other> um i will ask ruud first to draw uh uh your own animal on a new slide uh with uh a different colour and a different line width than the one uh now selected . uh a wee rabbit . um roo , could you do the same please ? but a different animal with a different colour and a different line width . it it should be a cat . okay , so um you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to .", "summary": "abstract: he the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using , and the group practiced using the smartboard by drawing their favourite animals ."}
{"dialogue": "the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five euros . uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million euros , we uh we will focus this internationally , and um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve euro fifty ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then went over the project budget ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe the time for sebastian to show his presentation . yes , um i have some technical uh issues which i would like to present to you uh before we start the discussion , i would like to think about uh the implementation of uh of things , and the technical possibilities and impossibilities . so if someone of you comes up with uh ideas , uh i 'll try to translate them in technical functions , but uh there might be some impossibilities . um and i also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available i have some uh initial ideas about some things one thing about uh interopera operability . um i think a modern uh remote control should uh control a devicediverse subset of equipment . uh for instance , uh d _ v _ d _ players , cell phones , video and audio equipment . well , there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them . um and we should think about the way how these things uh should communicate with each other . we 're not uh living in the uh nineteen eighties anymore , so infrared is not uh is not really uh hot uh technical stuff anymore . but you should uh think about the things like uh bluetooth . yeah , but the infrared , it 's uh , well , a little bit old-fashioned , if you would call it like that . but all the t _ v _ s are uh equipped with infrared , so you should equip infrared and bluetooth together in one remote . but that 's uh something we should discuss but take these things into account when you start the discussion .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project , suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared ."}
{"dialogue": "um i i do think it 's time now to to discuss uh mm some things . um sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen uh implications . um there are other things like um <other> how to make it trendy , which is i think uh um most uh ru uh ruud 's uh role . um the way how it should be controlled by the user , which is uh roo uh r uh during this part . h how do you think the remote should um function for the user ? okay , um uh i just want to hear uh ruud 's um input for this meeting . um do you have anything already w um ab idea about how the market uh will respond to thesuch a product ? or what we should take um in account when developing such a product ? uh i think most most things have already been said , and uh , yeah , infrared might be an issue . like uh control multiple devices .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas ."}
{"dialogue": "um well , the interoperability , just like uh sebastian said , um the remote should work on different t _ v _ s or even different devices ?", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "and you you see uh the buttons as a as a means of doing this ? or are there any o other controls ? yeah , or maybe you want a touch-screen or i i 've seen these remote controls with uh this little stick uh which you can move forward , sidewords . and um it 's very easy for a user to to switch to to switch b uh between uh channels or uh change uh between tracks on a on a c _ d _ , and for other user interface i had um , well , it 's more industrial thing . uh point at a t _ v _ , i think it 's it 's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the t _ v _ , so in that case infrared should uh maybe uh be restriction to that . so you must <other> point everywhere , maybe not even pointed . so when you 're not able to point at the device um the range is very limited . for t _ v _ , you 're always in in the neighbourhood of a t _ v _ , so i do n't think think the range should be a problem to that , but if you want to uh get it working with a radio , and you 're inoutside your garden with just one uh speaker , then maybe the range should be uh you should able to feel the buttons without uh it mis um <laugh> you have to know what you do without looking at the buttons , so it should be as user interface um for feeling should be uh good to understand . and of course you do n't always know where all buttons are , so it should be visible al um <other> in dark too . uh i 'll write down glow in the dark . but uh lots of devices already use infrared . and uh , yeah , infrared might be an issue . we 'll probably have to implement that . um you said something about visibility in the dark . uh would it be nice for a user to have display on this uh remote control , on which you can see functions ? but it it can be quite simple , you can just have white buttons with a black mark on it . the uh the the digits in black . uh then it 's already visible in dark . so it it do n't have to be a lightning or or a fancy well , it can be for design , of course . the digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade . always have s the soft buttons , always uh clear the the the paint on it .", "summary": "abstract: they also discussed having glow in the dark buttons , using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and / or a joystick instead of conventional buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product . yes , but there 's a cost limitation too . so that 's a big problem , i think . twelve euro fifty , yeah . i think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it 's not going to be a high high-end product . the cost price is very low .", "summary": "abstract: however , they were unsure about what the budget would allow ."}
{"dialogue": "um uh d i think the device should either be rechargeable very easily um or it should not consume too much um power . because it 's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s uh uh every other week . maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or but then bluetooth uh might be problem . <other> it 's use uh a lot of uh well does it ? i know it from the cell phone . well , cell phones have uh integrated bluetooth also and , well , it'sit seems to work uh quite okay . but you ca n't you ca n't use bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power , but this might be difficult if using bluetooth ."}
{"dialogue": "okay . gentlemen , i 'm afraid we do not have any more time . <other> so we will go back to our own uh work . um next meeting starts in thirty minutes and um , well , you know your o your individual actions or your personal coach will probably email you about th it . see you in thirty minutes .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager closed the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> so we will go back to our own uh work . and um , well , you know your o your individual actions", "summary": "action: each member of the group will work on their individual tasks ."}
{"dialogue": "or your personal coach will probably email you about th it .", "summary": "action: they will receive information from their personal coaches ."}
{"dialogue": "um and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly . it 's a remote control , this new product we are are g are going to develop , um", "summary": "decisions: the group will design a trendy , original and user-friendly remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five euros . uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million euros ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote control will be sold for 25 euros with a profit aim of 50 million euros ."}
{"dialogue": "we uh we will focus this internationally ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold internationally ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve euro fifty ,", "summary": "decisions: the production costs should be no more than 12 . 50 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "um the remote should work on different t _ v _ s or even different devices ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , i think it should be something like that . i think it 's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store . we 're just developing this product , and we want to sell it to a very broad uh public ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold directly to individual consumers rather than companies ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it 's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store . yes , i think it should be something like that . it 's not for uh for uh for uh philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product , right ? okay , so we 're we 're going business to consumer , yeah , i do i do n't know that . we 're not developing this product for a specific vendor , are we ? do n't have the information for it .", "summary": "problems: the group were unsure about whether they would be selling their product directly to consumers or to electronics manufacturers ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , but there 's a cost limitation too . so that 's a big problem , i think . i think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it 's not going to be a high high-end product . the cost price is very low .", "summary": "problems: it was felt that the low production costs would not allow them to create a trendy high-end product ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or but then bluetooth uh might be problem . <other> it 's use uh a lot of uh well does it ? i know it from the cell phone . well , cell phones have uh integrated bluetooth also and , well , it'sit seems to work uh quite okay . but you ca n't you ca n't use bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day .", "summary": "problems: whether using glow in the dark buttons and bluetooth would mean that the remote consumes too much energy ."}
