{"dialogue": "the new project requirements , but we should not um support teletext in the remote , um the remote control should only be used for television , <other> then for roo , as well uh important , the corporate image should be recognisable in our product .", "summary": "abstract: there are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for tv only , they should ignore the teletext function , as it is dated , and , also , the remote should be recognisable as a real reaction product ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty ,", "summary": "abstract: the target group will be people below 40 ."}
{"dialogue": "but myinmy opinion , the the easy to use r _ c _ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us .", "summary": "abstract: the ui preferred an easy-to-use remote to a multi-function one ."}
{"dialogue": "and the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a t _ v _ set . the user interface connected to a chip , which is connected to the sender , which generates messages using uh infrared light ,", "summary": "abstract: the function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip , and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver ( the tv ) via infrared ."}
{"dialogue": "personally i think we should infra use infrared , uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse , friendly components . <other> um for cost-effectiveness , we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board ,", "summary": "abstract: the use of infrared , energy-efficient power source and cheap circuit was suggested ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques , blinking leds and all that kind of fancy stuff . it should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . s just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . and um <other> um yeah , some some fancy lights .", "summary": "abstract: the remote could light up via led 's placed inside ."}
{"dialogue": "the buttons to zap are used theabout uh fifteen hundred times , and uh lots of people complained they kin ca n't find their remote control .", "summary": "abstract: functions like zapping are very prevalent , as well as complaints about remotes being easy to lose ."}
{"dialogue": "do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple if we um include other uh innovative functions <laugh> uh then they uh might , 'cause young people uh like new features .", "summary": "abstract: it also transpires that customers like innovative technology like speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "abstract: the design can focus on such customer needs , like finding a mechanism to locate a lost remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but i want um the kind of functions , for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting . dual channel watch . when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it 's very easy to change uh the channel . that 's one thing . but keep the programme and the volume , we 've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design .", "summary": "abstract: the functions of the remote will include a back button to switch between two channels , volume , program selection , and speech recognition , with a focus on simplicity of design ."}
{"dialogue": "um maybe sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will look into what would be an appropriate technology to help users find their remote , when it is lost ."}
{"dialogue": "um i will put the minutes i just made in the project documents folder .", "summary": "action: the project manager will add the minutes into the project folder ."}
{"dialogue": "um <other> the interface designer , um i would like tothe next meeting i would like to receive the uh components concept .", "summary": "action: the id will present the components concept ."}
{"dialogue": "user interface designer , uh roo , i would like to see the user interface c uh concept .", "summary": "action: the ui will present the user interface concept ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will need to find information on current trends ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques , blinking leds and all that kind of fancy stuff . it should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . s just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . and um <other> um yeah , some some fancy lights .", "summary": "decisions: led 's can be used to light up the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it 's the same as in the cell phone , just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons ,", "summary": "decisions: using them sparsely , as in mobile phones , could bring down the cost ."}
{"dialogue": "so we might want to build in a feature to uh support them . some uh audio signal . like uh home phones . m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function , if it 's possible within the costs and all that kind of things . yeah .", "summary": "decisions: it would be a good idea to integrate a mechanism for finding the remote control , when the user loses it ."}
{"dialogue": "and do we even uh prefer the sound above the the leds , the lightning uh function ? i i think so ,", "summary": "decisions: the latter would be preferable to implementing a backlight into the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's just an easy uh way of of a round button whatwhich can be pushed in four directions . instead of a stick . just a round uh button should be the trick , i think .", "summary": "decisions: a single , large , round button can be used for both volume and channel selection by using the four separate quadrants ."}
{"dialogue": "dual channel watch .", "summary": "decisions: another button to switch between two channels could also be implemented ."}
{"dialogue": "but i want um the kind of functions , for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting . when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it 's very easy to change uh the channel . that 's one thing . but keep the programme and the volume , it should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . s just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . and um <other> um yeah , some some fancy lights .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will also include volume and program selection , and speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge , then there would n't be uh a big problem .", "summary": "decisions: a recharging cradle can be added to compensate for the extra energy consumption ."}
{"dialogue": "if we use the leds , i does it use much more energy", "summary": "problems: led 's would signify extra energy consumption ."}
{"dialogue": "they 're p f uh power friendly leds also . uh no , they 're uh they 're a little bit more expensive ,", "summary": "problems: power-saving led 's are available , but these could be more expensive ."}
{"dialogue": "so we might want to build in a feature to uh support them . some uh audio signal . like uh home phones . i do n't think people would bother walking to the t _ v _ and press that button because they lost thetheir remote . there 's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment .", "summary": "problems: it 's difficult to choose a technique to find a lost remote ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe maybe like clapping in your hands , because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds .", "summary": "problems: they can not install a special button on a tv , and using a special signal , like clapping , is tricky , because it needs to be differentiated from normal sounds ."}
{"dialogue": "but we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the t _ v _ . just a little antenna or uh something . just a base station next to the t _ v _ is the best possibility . but that will be very costly , i think .", "summary": "problems: similarly , using an extra base station would probably be too costly ."}
{"dialogue": "but um before i do that i w i want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated", "summary": "problems: adding such features may complicate the design and escalate costs ."}
{"dialogue": "and and do we want um the ten digits ? i would n't buy it personally . a remote control without the ten digits . but i think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull . uhif if we would um drop the ten digits", "summary": "problems: there was a challenge regarding the need of the digit channels , based on the fact that they are not often used , and they also look dull ."}
{"dialogue": "you c <other> you can d make them very fancy", "summary": "problems: despite that , customers may want them to be on a remote ; furthermore , they can be designed in a more attractive way ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control . when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it 's very easy to change uh the channel . that 's one thing .", "summary": "problems: the discussion also focused on their replacement with speech recognition , as the latter helps with locating the remote as well ."}
{"dialogue": "but i 'm afraid it will be a bit costly .", "summary": "problems: however , this solution may prove too expensive ."}
{"dialogue": "although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uhprofitable . we weyeah , we still need to take in account the the bit older people .", "summary": "problems: an expanded target group may have to be taken into account in order to achieve the projected sales and profits ."}
