{"dialogue": "uh in this meeting i i 'm going to discuss about the trend watching , we have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey , but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market , when we did our remote control market survey we found that uh people l uh people do have preference for tho fancy mobi uh f remote controls which look and feel very good , rather than having a functional look and feel uh good . the second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative . and the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use , and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language , something .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented the results of a market survey that indicated users ' most important preferences in remote control features ."}
{"dialogue": "when we did uh f fashions uh , recent fashion uhour recent fashion update shows that because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes , shoes , and everything with fruits and vegetables , the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look , hard look . do you think like rubber would be good or does it really want to be like gel kind of stuff ? the rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co", "summary": "abstract: he discussed trends in fashion that should be incorporated into the prototype design ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so the interface concept um . um so the method , we looked at existing designs , <other> okay , so most remote controls use graphical interface , um and we also found that there 's inconsistent layout , which makes it confusing . but i think standard kind of um shape and uh play and those kind of but buttons and we 've got some pictures of some uh new remote controls to show you . this one isgot a kind of scroll like a mouse , um andbut i 'm not exactly sure how you 'd use that , but the one below that has got like <other> a little scroll function on the side . but i presume that the functions must come up on the t _ v _ screen . again that 's just quite boring shape , grey , looks quite space-agey , but too many buttons , i think on that one . um this one i thought was really cool . it 's w it 's got the programmability function that we talked about . and it 's quite an organic shape yeah , i m i mean the one thing i think about about these ones is um these kl uh secured areas um <other> , i 've seen a lot of them with the the cover missing . so like have it hinge rather than sort of clip on or whatever . and this one , the over-sized one , i do n't know about you , but i think it 's a bit too gimmicky . i like <other> some of these things um the the raised symbols and everything , the raised symbols i thought were good , and the mouse one , i thought it was a good idea , child-friendly , i thought this was good ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer compared the designs of several competitors ' remotes to decide which features should be used in their own design ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's um an l _ c _ d _ thing , i thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us . and i 've just got <other> an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in . i think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good . you program it like you say , record , um and then , play , and then , record , play machine , and stuff like that , the l _ c _ d _ , it does look smart , but i think maybe for our budget , 'cause i think we 're definitely going for the speech recognition , but in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more , it 's still it 's still got to get within our twelve fifty , you know . i 'm not sure if theif <other> for twenty five euros uh per uh twelve euros fifty m manufacturing cost , . although , th i mean to be to be sure they have goti mean they are going crazy with the l _ c _ d _ technology now , and one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use , so i think i 'm not sure about the l _ c _ d _ . it 's a it 's great , it 's a good idea , but for our budget and for the thing we 're trying to go for eas easy to use , it 's not the thing we should go for , i think . we could make a vegetabley kind of round shape , i think . well , si since we 're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours , i think your lemon was n't that far s <laugh> i like i like the colourful buttons as well . i like the d the different shapes of the buttons and stuff .", "summary": "abstract: she discussed using voice recognition , an lcd screen , and color to make the device easier to use and to improve its look ."}
{"dialogue": "i guess there are a lot of options that we 're gon na have to choose from among , and i 'll i 'll give you the uh , <other> i guess , technical considerations for those . and i 'm gon na use the whiteboard , just 'cause we have n't used it <other> . the way i 'm gon na do this <other> is uh we 're gon na take a look at some old remote controls , see how they work , and then we 'll throw in our new innovations um <other> um you open it up , there 's a circuit board inside , and there 's a a chip , a processor , the t _ a _ one one eight three five , which um receives input from the buttons , um so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the to the amplifier , which is made of some transistors and amplifiers , op-amps , and then that gets sent to the uh to the l _ e _ d _ light , um . so you know , as we said , we got the outer casing , which we have to decide , you know , what 's it gon na be , processor , um we 'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had , um so for the casing , uh this an e-mail i got from our manufacturing team uh , you know , we have a bunch of options from wood , titanium , rubber , plastic , whatnot , um latex , double-curved , curved .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer went over all of the internal components and materials that will be incorporated in the design ."}
{"dialogue": "um you open it up , there 's a circuit board inside , and there 's a a chip , a processor , the t _ a _ one one eight three five , which um receives input from the buttons ,", "summary": "abstract: he gave a layout of the placement of the components in the device ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i mean like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it , and that would k also give it kinda durability and ther that 's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast . so maybe s uh a sort of uh plasticinitial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath ? i like the rubber , the stress balls , i think , w like , 'cause there 's gon na be the the cover the the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to use a rubber or latex material to give the device a spongy feel ."}
{"dialogue": "so multi-coloured buttons . or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it does n't look too childish , perhaps . <laugh> although i mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well . i mean double-curved sounds good to me if we 're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use , like uh <other> an hour glass kind of figure , uh i could put the microphone here . <laugh> so should the microphone be just anywhere on it or button will be on the upper side , buttons will be the on the upper side .", "summary": "abstract: he discussed the color and shape of the remote with the group and the placement of the components on the device ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , like we could have a big banana shaped remote control , mm and a lemon might be a little hard to grip . yeah . <laugh> how would you point it ? we could have a little l _ e _ d _ s on each end . y i 'm i 'm not sure about the banana idea . it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe . <other> i think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape . so maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable like a gourd almost , or a squash of some sort ? you do n't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape , <other> or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want . there 's a good man . there 's a good idea . yeah , what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition ? <other> do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it 's a fruit ? <laugh> l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh , i dunno , an apple . we can just have a remote control and casings of different different shapes , different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed colors and shapes further , and decided that the remote will be yellow , and perhaps having a fruit-inspired shape ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we shoulda rechargeable <other> battery will be a good idea . having a rechargeable stand , so that not only it doubles as a stand , but um for using it asuh recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to use a rechargeable battery and recharging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "uh our next meeting 's in half an hour and what i would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay . <laugh> um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to construct the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "and what i would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will build a prototype out of clay for the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "so maybe s uh a sort of uh plasticinitial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath ? i like the rubber , the stress balls , i think , s i guess we decided on material , so that that spongy latex rubber everything feel ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a rubber or latex casing ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want . there 's a good man . there 's a good idea .", "summary": "decisions: several shapes will be designed and shown to the public so that the most popular shape is chosen ."}
{"dialogue": "but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that , because al already we 're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , you know . so again i mean like we could have , uh i mean , we could quite easily have the the main body be a different i mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour , so you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be yellow or partially yellow and have an organic shape ."}
{"dialogue": "'cause i think we 're definitely going for the speech recognition , uh speech recognition , i think ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we shoulda rechargeable <other> battery will be a good idea . having a rechargeable stand , so that not only it doubles as a stand , but um for using it asuh recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be powered by rechargeable batteries and come with a recharging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it does n't look too childish , perhaps . <laugh> although i mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well . y i 'm i 'm not sure about the banana idea . it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe . <other> i think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape . so maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable like a gourd almost , or a squash of some sort ? you do n't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape , do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it 's a fruit ? <laugh> l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh , i dunno , an apple . well , i i 'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing , and i think maybe fruit could be a bit of atoo much of a gimmick , but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that , so you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing . so again i mean like we could have , uh i mean , we could quite easily have the the main body be a different because al already we 're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , you know . i mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour ,", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulty deciding how to incorporate the company 's yellow color and the fruit and vegetable trend into the prototype design without the remote seeming overly gimmicky or childish ."}
