{"dialogue": "um <other> will you guys first with your prototype um before we get to the good news ? we made three for you . um one 's based on the banana , one 's based on the tomato or as mm few buttons as possible , so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one , mainly speak recognition . if you do need buttons , you can flip it over , and there 's some there , <cough> well i like the feel of it , i like the feel of it . but that 's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand . um the black on the back is the slogan . but also we 're gon na have the company name on the front , which is the little black kind of line in the middle . these are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down . it does actually feel quite ergonomic , it would have to be a bit bigger . <laugh> um , obviously i do n't think that 's real sized . um that 's a speaker at the top , oh that 's the charging base prongs at the bottom . and um then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one . and and um we have the banana-based one too . this one is uh , i suppose for the younger audiences . <other> so are there any um improvements or issues or <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototypes to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "um one 's based on the banana , one 's based on the tomato so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one , or as mm few buttons as possible , mainly speak recognition . if you do need buttons , you can flip it over , and there 's some there ,", "summary": "abstract: two prototypes featured different fruit shapes , with one including speech recognition instead of a large number of buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "these are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down .", "summary": "abstract: it also featured scroll wheels for channel control ."}
{"dialogue": "and and um we have the banana-based one too . this one is uh , i suppose for the younger audiences .", "summary": "abstract: the other prototype was designed like a banana with children users in mind ."}
{"dialogue": "um main problem that we have unfortunately being finance . uh , let 's just enter in the um evaluation criteria . the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons , uh it 's gon na cost us fourteen point six euros . <other> so basically , um in order to save our two euros um i was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape , but just have it flattened . does n't save us quite as much . w why is the uh double curved two of them ? oh , good point . i think it means double curved as in um like uha single curve on that bottom half , and the double curved would be if it was that similar curve upward . and why why i 've got it two , i do n't know , but you think it should be one . <laugh> um okay , so that would take away three , which would give us eleven uh eleven euros sixty .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager announced to the group that with all of their desired features , the project would go over the alotted budget ; after a reanalysis of the features of the prototype , the project came in under the budget instead ."}
{"dialogue": "so we could even add something . ah yeah , we could add things . yeah , if we 're happy with the design there 's no point in spending money , if we do n't have to .", "summary": "abstract: it was decided that another feature could possibly be added ."}
{"dialogue": "uh room for creativity , were we happy with that ? w i think we were very creative . leadership , great leadership . <laugh> uh teamwork . i thought went well . yeah , everyone got enough input , i think . <other> these pens are are neat though . <other> yeah , these are new ideas , like glow-in-the-dark or something like that . so just general thumbs up for all of us then .", "summary": "abstract: the group evaluated their effectiveness as a team and felt that all members worked well together and could be creative , and that the project had very good leadership ."}
{"dialogue": "so now is the final evaluation , final evaluation of the uh uh of our product . whether it meets our standards or not . w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything . we will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements , whether it meets the user requirements or not , this product . then trends , whether it is asfashion trends or not ? then marketing strategy of the company . now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale . what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not ? it had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the uh new technology that people said they wanted . <other> seven is good , yeah , is n't it ? true or false ? uh one ismeans highest ranking , so it 's one for from your point of view . i 'm gon na give it a two . oh , i 'll go for a one . <other> uh for me personally it is everything fine , but there is one thing which limits the customers , like we are having only two , three designs , but if a person does n't like banana , or orange , you are limiting him . so we are showing our preference for particular fruits , is that no is that not trends ? because whatever companiesthey launch their products in the shape of fruits , they give a range of products , a range of shapes , but in electronics , i think , it 's not q always quite so umyou do n't always have so many choices as with chocolates . we are doing a very wrong thing . we 're gon na average them ? i have taken it very wrongly . about one point f one point eight . well um going on uh the specifications that we had , that fruit and vegetables are quite popular , and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons , i would give it um , so i would actually give it a three . 'kay . as far as the uh technology it its ' got the latest trends in speech technology , um but it does n't have that fancy solar power or the the vibrating energy mechanism . it might be trendy to some , but i 'm just not swallowing the fruit , it is cus spongy also . uh personally i wi uh i think that in terms of trends , these products are quite good , so what about company strategy ? well , i think it 's the the remote control conforms to the the company strategy . pretty much kept to the company strategy , so i would go for aa one , as we not only kept it , but we were limited by uh overall we are getting twosomething , so we can launch it . yeah . 'cause we 've evaluated and we are within budget .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert led an evaluation of the prototype according to the initial project goals ; the evaluation showed that most of the goals had been sufficiently satisfied in order to launch the product ."}
{"dialogue": "um one 's based on the banana , one 's based on the tomato so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one , or as mm few buttons as possible , mainly speak recognition .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will come in several designs: two will have different fruit or vegetable shapes , one of which will feature speech recognition in lieu of a large number of buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "and and um we have the banana-based one too . this one is uh , i suppose for the younger audiences .", "summary": "decisions: there will also be a child-friendly banana-shaped remote ."}
{"dialogue": "um the black on the back is the slogan . but also we 're gon na have the company name on the front , which is the little black kind of line in the middle .", "summary": "decisions: both the company name and slogan will appear on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but that 's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand .", "summary": "decisions: the remotes will be bundled with a yellow charging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "we forgot to mention it 'll be made out of kind of a rubbery latex , new material that we 've got .", "summary": "decisions: the devices were made with a latex product with a rubbery texture ."}
{"dialogue": "so we can launch it . yeah . 'cause we 've evaluated and we are within budget .", "summary": "decisions: it was decided that the product had met enough of the initial project goals to be launched on the market ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: the project manager felt that the group had been too constrained by the budget ."}
{"dialogue": "it might be trendy to some , but i 'm just not swallowing the fruit , but if a person does n't like banana , or orange , you are limiting him . like we are having only two , three designs , uh for me personally it is everything fine , well , because it 's hard to make a fruit good to look at , that that looks cool , you know ,", "summary": "problems: some felt that the banana shape would not appeal to enough of the market and that there was not enough variety in shape in the remotes to make up for this problem ."}
