{"dialogue": "so , this is uh first meeting of this design project . um and i um like to show you the agenda for the meeting , is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly , this is the the plan for today 's meeting then the main purpose is toso that we get to know each other a little bit more . um then we want to practice using some of the tools that we 'll be using during the the course of the design project and the meetings , um specifically the whiteboard over there . um then we need to go through the specifics of our project plan um come up with some preliminary ideas about it . so we 've got twenty five minutes to do that ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "what we 're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television . um we want it to be something original , something trendy and also something user friendly , so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product .", "summary": "abstract: she explains the project , which is to create a new remote control for television that should be original , trendy , and user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "the method that we 're going to use to complete the project , that has three components as such . there 's the functional design of the the remote control . the way we 'll do that i think is to to work individually initially and then come together for meetings to to work on that . um similarly with the conceptual design , um and then the detailed design will come after that . we 'll pull it all together . i 'm a bit confused about uh what 's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design ? uh i is it just uh more detail , uh as i understand it ? i think itth w we 're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you 'll be we want to look at what functions we need in the remote control but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that and includes thehow people are going to use it and and that kind of thing . it 's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product ? um i think we 'll we 'll start that initially with the functional design already but then", "summary": "abstract: the three components of completing the project will be functional , conceptual , and detailed design ."}
{"dialogue": "um what i 'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we 're using for <other> for the project , each person in turn , i 'd like us to go up to the whiteboard , and draw your favourite animal and then tell everyone what the f your favourite characteristics of that animal are and while you 're doing that tell us your name , what your role is and perhaps how your animal relates to the role that you 're taking in this project . <laugh> so , my name 's cat um this is a rabbit . <laugh> i am the marketing expert <other> i 'm gon na be doing theapparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everythingthe user g requirements specification of the functional design , um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design <other> um so my name is maarika . i 'm the interface designer in this project but i do like dogs . um so um in the different um <other> stages of the design , so at first i will be responsible for um for <other> yeah , designing the technical functions of the um <other> um of the remote control uh then in the in the conceptual design stage i need to um come up with uh interface concept um my name is gaurav . my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer , so i 'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design , i 'm jen . it 's a gecko . and i 'm your project manager for today and my role is basically to keep things going and make sure that you all work together in a productive way , so that by the end of the day we come up with a great product .", "summary": "abstract: they introduce themselves by going up to the white board and stating their name , role , drawing their favorite animal , and sharing their favorite characteristic about the animal ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so this is the um overall budget for our project . um we 're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five euros each . um and with that we 're aiming for a profit of fifty million euros . and that 's selling them on the international market , not just in the u _ k _ . um so to do that our finance people estimate that we need production costs of maximum twelve and a half euro so that we can reach that profit target . does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we 're thinking of this remote control ? i 'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to havew want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones . but if we all have a think , when we go away from the meeting , what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that <other> are out of the ordinary . <other> i think uh i in the beginning uh one thing wasthat was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy , user friendly and original that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this . although i do n't think that um it 's a huge problem for remote controls anyway , battery life , but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life , i mean we can think about all these little things ,", "summary": "abstract: after they talk about their overall budget , they discuss what special features they want to include in this remote control that existing ones do not have ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 'm kind of thinking , you know like those phones that they have , the new generation ones , where they do n't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that . so perhaps some sort of menu-based thing , or like i mean you know , theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your t _ v _ , right ? something that 's a little less crowded than this , but what do most people do ? they turn it on , they watch certain specified channels , you know , and then they turn it off again . <other> there is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time , it could be one button for a menu or something , if you really need to go and do that . and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons , which just confuse them . <other> because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems yeah but uh i mean e even though it has to be re original we should n't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones , a big learning curve , yeah .", "summary": "abstract: they discuss making a menu-based remote which would be less crowded with buttons and therefore stylish and sleek but functional ."}
{"dialogue": "so we need to wrap it up now , um <other> we 've got another meeting in thirty minutes , you 'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace , uh i 'll see you in half an hour .", "summary": "abstract: they end the meeting with the project manager going over the task each member is to complete before the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and for you it 's the user requirements specification ,", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on user requirements specification ."}
{"dialogue": "but im basically you 're looking at the working design ,", "summary": "action: the interface specialist will look at the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "you 're looking at the technical functions design ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the technical functions design ."}
{"dialogue": "you 'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace ,", "summary": "action: they will get specific instructions when they get back to their workspace ."}
{"dialogue": "um we 're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five euros each .", "summary": "decisions: they will sell the remotes for twenty five euros each ."}
{"dialogue": "um and with that we 're aiming for a profit of fifty million euros .", "summary": "decisions: they will aim for a profit of fifty million euros ."}
{"dialogue": "and that 's selling them on the international market , not just in the u _ k _ .", "summary": "decisions: the remotes will target the international market ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 'm kind of thinking , you know like those phones that they have , the new generation ones , where they do n't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that . so perhaps some sort of menu-based thing , or something that 's a little less crowded than this , it could be one button for a menu or something , if you really need to go and do that .", "summary": "problems: the group got the idea of making a menu-based remote that would require very few buttons to operate ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah but uh i mean e even though it has to be re original we should n't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones , because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems a big learning curve , yeah .", "summary": "problems: although this is an original idea , one group member points out that may be too innovative and users could have difficulty learning how to operate it ."}
{"dialogue": "so we need to wrap it up now ,", "summary": "problems: they did not yet come to a decision about whether this idea should be implemented ."}
