{"dialogue": "now we are here at the functional design meeting . um <other> hopefully this meeting i 'll be doing a little bit less talking than i did last time 'cause this is when you get to show us what you 've been doing individually . the agenda for the meeting , i put it in the sh shared documents folder . um <other> i 'll act as secretary for this meeting and just take minutes as we go through , the main the main focus of this meeting is your presentations that you 've been preparing during the time , um then we need to briefly discuss the new project requirements that were sent to us . at the last minute , then we need to , by the end of the meeting come to some kind of decision on who our target group 's going to be and what the functions of the remote control you said uh targ target groups , what does that mean ? as uh who it is that we 're going to be trying to sell this thing to , yeah , we need to have a fairly defined group that that we want to focus on just before you start , to make it easier , would you three mind emailing me your presentations ? once we you do n't have to do it now but whenonce you go back , just so that i do n't have to scribble everything down .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating that they will address functional design and then going over the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> so n uh with uh with regard to the <other> uh working design of this uh uh remote control uh i 've identified um <other> a few basic uh components of the remote and uh <other> se uh from the design , functional design perspective um w i c we can now uh know wha what exactly the components are um the identification of the components , uh and uh since since i 'm dealing only with the technical aspects , i would need feedback from the marketing person uh and <laugh> uh from the user interface person . uh we 'll then integrate this into the product design at a technical level these were the basic findings from today . the last three bullets have been integrated from uh the last minute uh email . as i told you the identification of how the remote control works and what are the various parts to it uh and what are the different processes um <other> and how the parts uh communicate with each other . also uh the remote control should be used only for television , because incorporating other features um makes it more comp complex . and the reason why teletext is outdated because uh of internet and uh the availability of internet over television . also the management wants that um our design should be unique so <other> it should incorporate um colour and the slogan uh that our company um has it as its standard . <other> okay , so he he here is a functional overview of the remote control . there 's basically an energy source at the heart uh which feeds into the chip and the user interface . the user interf interface communicates with the chip , if uh if this is our energy source and this is a cell , uh it communicatesuh it feeds energy into the into the chip , which basically finds out h uh how how to do everything . there is a user interface here . <other> so whe when the user presses a button , it feeds into the chip and the chip then generates a response and takes the response to an infrared terminal , um the there can be uh a bulb here or something to indicate whether the remote is on or communicating . so the output of the chip is an infrared bit code , whatever new functions that we need to do , um make the chip more complicated uh and bigger , basically . i in my personal preferences um <other> i 'm hoping that we can ke keep the design as simple and clear as possible . this would uh help us uh to upgrade our technology at a future point of time . and uh also if we can incorporate uh the latest features in our chip design , so that our um <other> uh remote control does not become outdated soon and it 's compatible with mot most uh televisions . do you have any um i idea about costs at this point ? <other> no , i do n't have any idea about what each component costs . 'cause that 's something to consider , i guess , if we 're if we 're using more advanced technology , it might increase the price . we definitely need to operate within our constraints ,", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gives his presentation , explaining how remote controls function and giving personal preference to a clear , simple design that upgrades the technology as well as incorporates the latest features in chip design ."}
{"dialogue": "i think since since we were discussing some um design issues then i i i would like to continue so i 'm going to speak about technical functions design uh my method was um to look at um other <other> um remote controls , uh so mostly just by searching on the web and then um after having got this inspiration and having compared what i found on the web um just to think about what the de what the user really needs and what um what the user might desire as additional uh functionalities . um so the findings uh were <other> um that the main function of the remote control is is just sending messages to the television set , and uh w some of the main functions would be switching on , switching off , uh then the user would like to switch the channel um for example just m changing to the next channel to to flip through all all of the possible channels , or then mm <other> uh the other possibility would be that um she might just want to choose one particular channel , so we would need the numbers . and and also the volume is very important . um um among the findings i found that m m most of the curr mm presently available remote controls also include other mm <other> functionalities um in their design , like operating a v _ c _ r _ , but they do n't seem to be able to deal with d _ v _ d _ players , but according to the last minute update um actually um we do not want to have all this complicated functions added to our design . so my personal preferences would be uh to keep the mm the whole remote control small um just like the physical size . and then it must be easy to use , so it must follow some conventions um like whereabouts you find the on off button and maybe the colour tends to be red or something . but then um other functionalities um <other> could be just uh there could be a menu button and you could change things on the screen then , um for example brightness and mm similar functions could be just um <other> done through the menu . the last question i had about whether we wanted to incorporate n uh more functionalities , the answer was already no because of the last minute update . but if we had a a decent case forthat we really think it 's important to include video and d _ v _ d _ , i could get back to them and see . and also it 's it 's umother question is uh because there are so many differentand there are so many different things that could possibly be included because besides video and d _ v _ d _ there are the mm um video c _ d _ s and whatever , so it might be problematic to to choose between all these possible things .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist gives her presentation next , addressing the main purpose of a remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh w some of the main functions would be switching on , switching off , uh then the user would like to switch the channel um for example just m changing to the next channel to to flip through all all of the possible channels , or then mm <other> uh the other possibility would be that um she might just want to choose one particular channel , so we would need the numbers . and and also the volume is very important . but then um other functionalities um <other> could be just uh there could be a menu button and you could change things on the screen then , um for example brightness and mm similar functions could be just um <other> done through the menu .", "summary": "abstract: she pinpoints the main functions of on / off , channel-switching , numbers for choosing particular channels , and volume ; and also suggests adding a menu button to change settings such as brightness on the screen ."}
{"dialogue": "so my personal preferences would be uh to keep the mm the whole remote control small um just like the physical size . and then it must be easy to use , so it must follow some conventions um like whereabouts you find the on off button and maybe the colour tends to be red or something .", "summary": "abstract: she gives preference to a remote that is small , easy to use , and follows some conventions ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh have some kind of a fancy user interface or something like that . um well , i think the buttons are still mm kind of the most um easy for the user to use , ori mean inwe can completely do away with buttons so so at this stage , uh how we go about implementing those button we will not identify <other> so in the u user interface requirements uh uh uh we we have been able to identify what are the basic buttons that we do want . i mean um what other options would you have ? a little screen or something , but this would be really kind of i think a lot of learning for the user and and i mean the user just wants to get um get a result um quickly , not to spend time in like um giving several orders um i dunno . i think i th i would i would think the put the buttons , uh i think the co costs will also play a big role when we come to know about them . so well we can probably wait until t we have more knowledge on that . uh i if the if the costs allow , we can have like an l _ c _ d _ display because we do want something fancy and fashionable as well .", "summary": "abstract: the group briefly discusses the possibility of using an lcd screen if cost allows it , since it is fancy and fashionable ."}
{"dialogue": "so what i have , wh where i 've got my information from is a survey where the usability lab um observed remote control use with um a hundred subjects and then they gave them a questionnaire . what they found is that people do n't like how current remote controls are , um seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly . uh eighty percent of users would spend more to get um you know , a nice looking remote control . um current remote controls , they do n't match the user behaviour well , um i dunno what zapping is , it 's um switching between channels , sort of randomly going through . but you have that little thing that comes up at the bottom and tells you what 's on . um okay , fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons , so that 's going back to what , you know , we were saying earlier about , you know , do you need all the buttons on the remote control , they just make it look ugly . um so this is my little graph thing . what it shows is how much things are used relatively and what you can clearly see from that is the thing that 's used most is the channel selection . what you ca n't see is volume selection , it 's a little bit higher than all the others . so what the graph shows is that , you know , power , channel selection and volume selection are important , and the rest of them , you know , nobody really uses and so that 's the the numbers along the top represent their like um their importance , you know , and , you know , channel selection and volume selection are absolutely essential , and the power , well it 's not quite so essential , apparently , <laugh> um and everything else , i think , you know , you can forget about having those buttons on the remote control , so this is what people find annoying about remote controls . uh that they get lost , that the uh you know , they 're not intuitive and that they 're bad for repetitive strain injury . you want something with an ergonomic t design that encourages good use of the remote control but that shows how peoplewhether they would pay more for voice recognition software . so you can see from that that , you know , younger people to the age of thirty five are quite likely to pay quite a lot more f well quiteare quite likely to pay more for voice recognition software , whereas as people get older , they 're a bit more sceptical about it um so clearly voice recognition is something to think about , but um you know i d i do wonder how well that would work given that a t _ v _ , you know , tends to be people talking and um , you know , how are you going to stop it from just flipping channels whilst watching t _ v _ . so these are my personal preferences . <other> so you have sleek , stylish , sophisticated , you know , so something that 's , you know , a bit cool . um you know , functional , so it 's useful , but minimalist . so things should either be functional or beautiful or preferably both , um okay , then a long battery life , like you were talking about earlier and um , you know , i was thinking that solar power would be quite cool because , you know , your remote control just sits there , and you could just sit it in the sunshine and save the environment a bit . um and then like a locator , so you know , kind of like you have for a mobile phone or some kind of a ring , whistle and it <other> screams at you , yeah . <laugh> so yeah , so maybe something where you clap and then it beeps ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presents , giving statistical information from a survey of 100 subjects ."}
{"dialogue": "so these are my personal preferences . <other> so you have sleek , stylish , sophisticated , you know , so something that 's , you know , a bit cool . um you know , functional , so it 's useful , but minimalist . so things should either be functional or beautiful or preferably both , um okay , then a long battery life , like you were talking about earlier and um , you know , i was thinking that solar power would be quite cool because , you know , your remote control just sits there , and you could just sit it in the sunshine and save the environment a bit . so you know , kind of like you have for a mobile phone or some kind of a ring , whistle and it <other> screams at you , yeah . <laugh> so yeah , so maybe something where you clap and then it beeps , um and then like a locator ,", "summary": "abstract: she prefers a remote that is sleek , stylish , sophisticated , cool , beautiful , functional , solar-powered , has long battery life , and has a locator ."}
{"dialogue": "so , we 've got about ten , fifteen minutes to discuss <other> i think one of the very interesting things that came up in um <other> uh ka kate cat cat 's uh presentation was um <other> uh this this issue of uh uh like voice recognition being more popular with uh younger people . so if we need to have a target group um then uh <other> i think as far as the m motto of our company is concerned , if we want to have something sleek and uh you know , good looking uh we are better off targeting a younger audience then um you know , people who are comparatively elderly . i mean that 's the thing is that it did n't say in the survey , you know , whether , you know , these are the people that will pay more for a more stylish remote control , bu but but the survey did say that f things like voice recognition are more popular with them , then again i guess the th where it was most popular was the fifteen to twenty five bracket and thei do n't know how often they 're buying televisions . i would 've thought it 's it 's more that twenty five to thirty five , when people are really moving out and they 've got their first job and they want their nice toys and wh uh um people between twenty five to thirty five , uh how popular was seventy six point three percent . but i mean it has been proven that that people of that age group have a higher disposable income i mean like it is an age group to target , really , i think . and if we 're if we 're talking twenty five euros as a price , that 's not unaffordable , even for young people . but the problem is whether people need it , whether they do have a t _ v _ <laugh> to use its full and be a bit strange to have a fancy <laugh> rome remote . i think i think the fact that , you know , ninety one point two percent of fifteen to twenty five year olds are saying yes , i would pay more for a voice recognition remote control , does say quite a lot really . but at the same time i think maybe we can we can just decide to to have both of these groups as our target , because actually i mean they 're all still re young people . yeah , if we ta if we take fifteen to thirty five ,", "summary": "abstract: they discuss the target group , deciding it should be 15-35 year olds ."}
{"dialogue": "but that then does imply that we should try and incorporate voice recognition . is that gon na have aan implication for the technical specs ? but voice recognition itself i 'm not very sure about , with umbut with a t _ v _ remote it 's gon na be quite limited if we 're t saying the main things people want to do is on off channel five , tha that should be relatively simple . y you 'd maybe need a code word . but like so you 'd just say remote five , you know , remote ten , remote one two nine . but maybe if you wan na look into that just to just to check . w well now the v the voice recognition if if it works wonderfully w we could possibly do away with all buttons , but i think this is not really the right moment yet , because people are just so used to buttons what wh uh <other> what i was thinking is that there is this uh separation between what the channels are on t _ v _ and how they are numbered on the remote control . if we can do withaway with that , our product can be really popular uh in the sense that uh a person can say , i want to watch uh i _ t _ v _ one instead of saying that i want to go onto channel number forty five . so that if that was in the the voice recognition , that would be great . it 's more like if you lost it and it 's down the sofa sometime , you can yell at it <laugh> and it 'll just change it , you can look for it later , yeah . yeah but m but on the other hand , remote control is n't <other> as close to you you probably might just just uh speak into it yeah and it might become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what you 're saying because of the noise factor for the remote control no , but i i i was just defending the <other> the fact why why we want to keep the remote control close to us , a and uh not to yell at it from the distance . so uh <other> wh another thing uh that can be used is that uh there can be a beeper button on the t _ v _ , so you can go and press that button and um and the remote control , wherever it is , it 'll beep , so we we can probably come to know where it is . but if we go away with that that kind of general um <other> specification in mind that we 're looking at fifteen to thirty five year olds , we want it to look simple , but still have the buttons so it 's easy to use , but only those key buttons , the major buttons and then one sort of menu one , and then voice recognition included as an option um but that obviously needs a little bit more working out as to whether it 's really feasible and some of those problems we were mentioning um . <other> what we have to do now is to go back to our little places , complete our questionnaire and some sort of summarisation , send me your presentations so that i can use them to make the minutes , and after lunch we go back to our own little stations and have thirty minutes more work . um i 'll put the minutes in that project documents folder , but i 'll send you an email when i do it , so that you know . you 'll be looking <laugh> you 'll be looking at the user interface concept , and you 're watching trends to see how we go as to where we 're going from here , you 're going to look at the components concept . w before lunch we just have to complete the questionnaire and some sort of summary .", "summary": "abstract: after they talk about features they might include , the project manager closes the meeting by allocating tasks ."}
{"dialogue": "what we have to do now is to go back to our little places , complete our questionnaire and some sort of summarisation , send me your presentations so that i can use them to make the minutes , w before lunch we just have to complete the questionnaire and some sort of summary .", "summary": "action: when they return to their desks they will complete a questionaire , do a summary , and send the project manager their powerpoint presentations ."}
{"dialogue": "you 'll be looking <laugh> you 'll be looking at the user interface concept ,", "summary": "action: the interface specialist will look at the user interface concept ."}
{"dialogue": "and you 're watching trends to see how we go", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will be watching trends ( possibly relating to voice recognition ) ."}
{"dialogue": "as to where we 're going from here , you 're going to look at the components concept .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will look into components"}
{"dialogue": "but um you know i d i do wonder how well that would work given that a t _ v _ , you know , tends to be people talking um so clearly voice recognition is something to think about , and um , you know , how are you going to stop it from just flipping channels whilst watching t _ v _ . but that then does imply that we should try and incorporate voice recognition . is that gon na have aan implication for the technical specs ? but voice recognition itself i 'm not very sure about , with umbut with a t _ v _ remote it 's gon na be quite limited if we 're t saying the main things people want to do is on off channel five , tha that should be relatively simple . y you 'd maybe need a code word . but like so you 'd just say remote five , you know , remote ten , remote one two nine . but maybe if you wan na look into that just to just to check . w well now the v the voice recognition if if it works wonderfully w we could possibly do away with all buttons , but i think this is not really the right moment yet , because people are just so used to buttons so that if that was in the the voice recognition , that would be great . it 's more like if you lost it and it 's down the sofa sometime , you can yell at it <laugh> and it 'll just change it , you can look for it later , yeah . yeah but m but on the other hand , remote control is n't <other> as close to you you probably might just just uh speak into it yeah and it might become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what you 're saying because of the noise factor for the remote control no , but i i i was just defending the <other> the fact why why we want to keep the remote control close to us , a and uh not to yell at it from the distance . but if we go away with that that kind of general um <other> specification in mind that we 're looking at fifteen to thirty five year olds , we want it to look simple , but still have the buttons so it 's easy to use , but only those key buttons , the major buttons and then one sort of menu one , and then voice recognition included as an option um but that obviously needs a little bit more working out as to whether it 's really feasible and some of those problems we were mentioning um . <other>", "summary": "problems: the group is interested in voice recognition- this is an option they will have to explore further before deciding whether to use it ."}
