{"dialogue": "this is our final meeting , the detailed design meeting . what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two , so you can show us what you 've been working on so diligently . it does look very cool . <laugh> then cat 's going to present the evaluation criteria that we 're going to be evaluating this against . then i need to say some st a few things about finance , 'cause we have to check that it 's within the finance criteria . um and then we 'll be making sure that our product fits both the evaluation criteria from cat and the financial limits . um and then we uh will have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that we 've been through .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens this detailed design meeting by going over the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things and and then i will explain the the user interface th uh things , like the buttons and the scrolling things and <other> okay . so um basically going with our trend of vegetables and <laugh> we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . <laugh> you think bananas are a safe thing to use ? it 's a bit um phallic . <laugh> well , but it 's it 's just an a approximation . <laugh> so i would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable . <laugh> yeah , but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing , that one side was supposed to be rounder , is it to scale , or do you think you can make it a bit smaller ? um it could be made a bit smaller , and it 's <other> with the the black and yellow you 're even in the right colours . yeah , i think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website .", "summary": "abstract: the designers present the prototype , which they decided to make the color and shape of a banana ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> um so basically it 's the it 's the flip open thing again . and it flips open on the side , so it opens like that . and we have the user interface o in here and uh <other> the the l _ c _ d _ and and the scroll are inside . and it'sthe whole thing 's made of rubber , is that so <laugh> so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the <other> on the cover we just have the very basic things . so we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three so it 's four , up to four , up to seven , up to nine and zero , z zero here . and then , well this is on off button . and and also the colour is quite often red , and then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and and and we would also have a l little um thing saying here , previous and ne prevon prevon next . the volume is is scrolling . on the side , and and and it 's it 's on the back is mm cover or back lid , because if you flip it open , you can still do the scrolling here . and and you have the mm <other> spinning wheel with options to choose . oh , the thing we forgot was like a mute button . well , we 'll have this on the screen , on the display . on the wheel , like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute . uh on the l _ c _ d _ we r you know , the main menu will have various options . yeah , the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute , right ? if it 's a scroll and click so you hold it in ? but if you hold it in , <other> and okay , so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it . you ca n't really see it in the interface .", "summary": "abstract: they demonstrate the remote components , showing how it flips open on the side and features a lcd and scroll inside ."}
{"dialogue": "so what we 're gon na do is preferprepare the evaluation of the new design . <other> um so we 're gon na be using a seven point scale , so one is , you know , yes , it totally meets with that requirement and seven is , no , it really does n't , we need to go back and start again . um , you know . basically , what i did was i went through all the like user requirements and things that we 've done and we 've worked on and like made a list of them . so for each of these we need to give it a one to seven . i did have a _ , b _ , c _ , and d _ down here , but it seems to have turned into like just bullet points . okay . but if you can imagine that they say a _ , b _ , c _ , and d _ , then that would be really good . okay um uh what i 've done on the next page is i 've set it up so we just put the marks in . if you take a note of them , left-handed people ca n't normally write right-handed , um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , does it match the operating behaviour of the user ? so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m <other> model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . so maybe we need to putthat needs a little bit of investigation , maybe give it a five , i would say ? or maybe six , it might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , i th i think the alternative is flipping from the top . yeah , but wewhich makes it kind of really big , yeah . or are we saying we 're gon na stick a locator on the t _ v _ ? th there 's the locator dot . mm that you stick on t _ v _ . so that means you need athat does mean you need a little speaker on it though , to make it beep . so that 's seven , yeah . if <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things i 'd say six , 'cause thei mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you 've got it . but it 's not the immediate thing that you 're used to . but uh it 's a good technology , i mean once they get used to it . so , should we maybe say f a five so possibly for left-handed . investigate . but otherwise it 's superb . so , should we give it a six ? um uh the ergonom ergonomic design well mm i mean i d uh i dunno , i mean the the repetitive stress things , but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway , and moreover it it has um <other> l _ c _ d _ and everything , so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway . okay , so we give that a six , g _ technologically innovative . it 's the most sophisticated remote that i ever seen . <laugh> well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well , which isyeah , it 's kind of new . all of the components have been used in other things before . they 're never been used i they 've never been using remote remote control before i do n't think . what do you reckon , five , six ? six . put fashion in electronics . fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days , so .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert gives the product evaluation , which is based on the criteria of attractiveness , whether it matches operation behavior of the user , locatability , intuitiveness , ergonomic design , and how technologically innovative it is ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe give it a five , i would say ? or maybe six , it might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , i th i think the alternative is flipping from the top . yeah , but wewhich makes it kind of really big , yeah . so that 's seven , yeah . if <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things i 'd say six , 'cause thei mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you 've got it . but it 's not the immediate thing that you 're used to . but uh it 's a good technology , i mean once they get used to it . so , should we maybe say f a five so , should we give it a six ? um uh the ergonom ergonomic design well mm i mean i d uh i dunno , i mean the the repetitive stress things , but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway , and moreover it it has um <other> l _ c _ d _ and everything , so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway . okay , so we give that a six , what do you reckon , five , six ? six . so , we need the average here , so i think we 've done very well , the average is about six and something . <other> six point five , yeah . that 's pretty good , i think .", "summary": "abstract: they rate the product using a 7 point scale and come up with an average score of 6.5 ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria . and now we have to calculate the production costs . so i 've got an excel spreadsheet to help us do that . um i started filling it in , no hand dynamo , right ? one simple battery . the chip , we 're going for an advanced chip on print . we also said the sample sensor and sample speaker . um single-curved surface , so that we can fold it . case material we said rubber . i do n't know what special colour means . i think something coloured , but rubber comes coloured , does n't it ? you know . <other> maybe it 's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured , it 's different . or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it , we have pushbuttons , scroll wheel with pushbutton we had , no ? and we have l _ c _ display and button supplements . yeah , but what do we ha we have l _ c _ display , but but the wh but the s spinning wheel we 've got more than one pushbutton though , that means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total does n't it ? that seems unlikely . whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we we have to count all of them , i do n't think that makes sense . if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five , it 's a scroll wheelso we we 've put it 's pushbutton and scroll wheel and l _ c _ d _ display , so , as we can see , that 's way too expensive down here . our budget 's twelve point five .", "summary": "abstract: the group goes on to calculate the production cost and finds they are over the budget ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 'cause that 's the most expensive thing on there . so that has implications though for the . uh it does not have for voice recognition , but it does have for the feedback speaker . when you saywhen you press one it says one or it says hello . but that 's a bit of a gimmick anyway really , is n't it ? mm <other> and the locator also goes away . well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive , but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps . a also i in the case i 'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface , because it 's just rubber , so it 's probably a flat surface rubber . right , so we need one fifty off . take it down to just a scroll wheel . in the l _ c _ d _ we can scroll , right ? how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the l _ c _ d _ ? but how do we make a selection if we d can not push the button . you can push this one , but we do n't have a pushbutton uh we ca we do n't have this muting mechanism for this scrolling thing . so that 's point three . and i thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing . the scroll wheel is on the side . we 're point three over at the moment . unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether and just have pushbuttons for the volume . instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , upfor up and down . oh look , we 're way under budget yeah , well we could admit to the single curve , could n't we ? <laugh> <laugh> or or that we have to have some sort of special colour . so did we lose um on our evaluation criteria , as a result of doing that ? no , i do n't think so . because we keep all the features , we keep voice recognition , we keep l _ c _ d _ display . instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons . <other> but we lose the locator . so we still have the locate . we 're gon na have a beep . it can come in the same colour as the the case .", "summary": "abstract: they have discussion and decide to eliminate the sample speaker locator and the scroll wheel inside ."}
{"dialogue": "so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went , um so that we can feed back to the management for next time they 're designing a product . as far as creativity is concerned , yeah i think there was there was room for creativity . the only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had . i think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . if we 'd had that sheet at the beginningshould 've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let 's just throw it together and do what we can . but in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting , that that worked in terms of . i think 'cause the meetings were so regular , you know . yeah , the m the means were very very good , the means we used . the whiteboard digital pens . <laugh> we like the pens . <laugh> but that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the powerpoint , new ideas found . not quite sure what about . well it 's it 's it 's pretty new , i think we 'd like to think the ideas were new ,", "summary": "abstract: the team discusses the project process- saying that they had to cut out some creativity in order to meet the budget because they had not known the cost of features beforehand ."}
{"dialogue": "i was i was satisfied with with the leadership , yeah . yeah , and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the <other> i mean especially with that last-minute alteration . i mean that was fairly tight anyway , but yeah , but i mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting , yeah . you were n't like a a dictating leader , so that was always good . and then the teamwork i think i think it worked quite quite nicely , yeah . did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit ? mm . i guess it was a fairly small group , so all of us got to express our opinions , yeah . and my main difficulty was the the time pressure . sometimes it 's like a little bit rushed .", "summary": "abstract: they were satisfied with the leadership but felt rushed for time ."}
{"dialogue": "costs are within budget , one euro left over for bits that we did n't foresee . um we 've evaluated the project . can you put that in the project documents file ? and the process wheel did n't really have any major problems with . we 've got like five minutes left . but if we 've finished , then we 've finished . yeah , it was a pleasure working with you . so i would say that 's the end of that meeting . right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . was there a questionnaire already sent ? do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now ? i do n't see why you ca n't stay here , really .", "summary": "abstract: they finish the meeting 5 minutes early and the project manager tells them what is left to complete ."}
{"dialogue": "right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . was there a questionnaire already sent ?", "summary": "action: the team needs to complete the final questionaire and meeting summary ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> okay . so um basically going with our trend of vegetables and <laugh> we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . and it flips open on the side , so it opens like that .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be black / yellow color and the shape of a banana ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: remote flips open on side ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh <other> the the l _ c _ d _ and and the scroll are inside .", "summary": "decisions: lcd and push buttons inside flip-open door ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the lcd will display the main menu , which offers various options ."}
{"dialogue": "so we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three and then , well this is on off button . the volume is is scrolling .", "summary": "decisions: has an on / off button , channel flipping , volume scroller on side ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website .", "summary": "decisions: corporate logo will be in grey ."}
{"dialogue": "one simple battery . the chip , we 're going for an advanced chip on print .", "summary": "decisions: remote uses one simple battery and an advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "um single-curved surface , so that we can fold it .", "summary": "decisions: single-curved surface ."}
{"dialogue": "and it'sthe whole thing 's made of rubber , is that", "summary": "decisions: rubber case material ."}
{"dialogue": "but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps . we 're gon na have a beep .", "summary": "decisions: locator will have a beep instead of a speaker ."}
{"dialogue": "left-handed people ca n't normally write right-handed , um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m <other> model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . it might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right ,", "summary": "problems: when rating the product on how well it matches the user 's behavior , they found that the product is more convenient for right-handed people and less so for those who are left-handed ."}
{"dialogue": "'cause thei mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you 've got it . if <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things but uh it 's a good technology , i mean once they get used to it . but it 's not the immediate thing that you 're used to .", "summary": "problems: when rating whether the product is intuitive , the layout is different , a good technology but less standard ."}
{"dialogue": "but it 's not the immediate thing that you 're used to .", "summary": "problems: it could be more difficult to get used to ."}
{"dialogue": "so , as we can see , that 's way too expensive down here . yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 'cause that 's the most expensive thing on there . take it down to just a scroll wheel . right , so we need one fifty off . we 're point three over at the moment . unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , upfor up and down . the only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had .", "summary": "problems: the team had to cut out some features in order to make the budget ."}
{"dialogue": "i think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . if we 'd had that sheet at the beginningshould 've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let 's just throw it together and do what we can .", "summary": "problems: this happened because they had not known beforehand the cost of such features ."}
