{"dialogue": "i 'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting . decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five , and we decided that it was gon na be non-rechargeable battery-powered , that we 're gon na group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories , um <other> . and i told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext , ignoring everything except the t _ v _ , and trying to incorporate the the uh corporate colour and slogan .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "uh basically what i wan na do here , before we get into it uh too far , is i want to show you all the background information i have that i think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful . okay so out of um different uh figures and ratings ob uh of people in general , um consumers in general , the number one thing that was found was that uh the br t television remote control , a fancy look and feel , okay , and not , it specified , not a functional look or or feel , uh b f f fancy . number two was that it be innovative . uh and third priority uh for ease of use , is that i think um <other> what we should think about is how the um <other> about how the innovation uh contributes to the look and feel , and not so much to the functionality of it . uh top european fashion trend um <other> that i read about says there 's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetables , okay , especially in clothes and furniture . so my my feeling is that we w do want to observe this trend , and then in terms of m material trends are for things to be soft and spongy and sort of , you might say ergonomic or or friendly to handle , and then at the end there are vibrant natural colours um softness in materials , shape , and function , so i 'm thinking if we imagine that we 're taking some of the features of a mac ipod and we 're then making it s more of like a more of like a comfortable type of we think of some kind of a thin theme that unifies it all , uh sorta like a marketing identity . like um the ones the ones which i 'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that , maybe like it could light up in different colours or something or or people could buy the buy the control and then it comes with different like covers or something so .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports , stressing the need for a product that has a fancy look and feel , is technologically innovative , is easy to use , and incorporates some aspect of fruit and vegetables in its design ."}
{"dialogue": "um there 's a wee bit of discussion about the other existing ones there , um so i 've taken the um suggestions from them and tried to incorporate them into this um we 're looking for um suggestions on size th um size of control and the buttons , and whereabout the buttons should be located on the control . um the shape of the control , um what i found from the research is that most the current controls are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons all over them . um they 're not very attractive to look at , <other> and they 're not very comfortable to hold , and they 're very easily lost . um for instance , the stand-by button is n't always red ,", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presented research on the appearance of current remotes , concluding that current remotes are generally unappealing in terms of look and usability ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> the buttons should be large . they should be easy to press , very comfortable . so the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button , that 's kinda confusing . um should avoid s things like that . um <other> if the the corporate colour scheme allows it we should have a very bright colour so that it can be easily identified anywhere . any extra features we add beyond the basic ones should be m hidden , <other> um if we did decide to go for voice activation <other> there sh should always be a button as alternative , um <other> we should definitely avoid the big square block look . <other> and they 've said th the voice control um can now talk back if you ask it a question . so it sh it could be good to have them um confirm any action you take um i do n't know where the slogan should go , or really what the slogan is . i think it 's um , fashion into electronics . and we do n't know how flexible the colour scheme is .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presented ideas on how to remedy the unappealing aspects of current remotes in the team 's design and also how to incorporate the corporate color scheme into the design ."}
{"dialogue": "um like you said time to market was a problem , um and how many components are physically in there in cost . and the power is basically a factor of that . um and the lower components , the power , the logic , the transmitter , and the infrared , um they affect you in terms of the size of your device , so i guess three things , um cost , um complexity , and the size . um i 'm not very sure about the voice thing 'cause i got another email and it was in fact quite sketchy on what n the voice options are . um it said it could talk to you , but it never said anything about being able to listen . i it said something about a sensor but never clarified that . okay so your basic components are buttons , okay and you have a wheel available , like a mouse scroll wheel , okay there 's an l _ c _ d _ display , okay um then there 's um how the case actually looks . it can actually be flat or it can be curved , um and then the different types of materials that you can use , um i do n't think you can use them in a combination , um i think plastic and rubber would be fine , but plastic , rubber , and wood , um the rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use , but the titanium had a different kind of things on the shape of the thing , but you know it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one . um and the other components are logic chips , um again i 'll i 'll go back to the component chips . the com how complex or how easy the logic is , it depends on how many functions you have on the on the unit um i do n't think the logic chip has a issue about size 'cause they should be about the same size . power consumption should be about the same . um and the other thing is um the power options . um the first one is a standard battery . okay the second one i think is more of a gimmick then actually a useable thing , it 's a wind-up < sounds imitating winding up > you know , a crank <laugh> . i think that 's more of a look and feel decision because i do n't think you can have one power source if you 're using the alternative power sources . i think whatever it is you still need a battery okay the other ones are a solar powered cell , um and the kinetic one i guess for me is the most interesting one you haveyou had those balls , you know those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it and it lights up and it goes , you know that might be a gimmick combined with rubber . i guess that 's more in the sense ofsmall and slim in terms of comfortable not so small you ca n't , you know like a phone or something , too small phone . um the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit . um and also the time to market and the complexity of developing designing and debugging itum so . the user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features , like the buttons are standard okay , the l _ c _ d _ panel and the scroll wheel you need more complicated logic . <other> um the caseokay with a rubber case you ca n't have the solar panels . titanium case ca n't be curved , it has to be square . okay um there 's no restriction on the plastic , and on the wood . um i think we could because the l _ c _ d _ panel requires power , and the l _ c _ d _ is a form of a light", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented options for materials , components , and batteries and discussed the restrictions involved in using certain materials ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're gon na need to put in a really good battery so people do n't have to charge their r remote control every few days . um that 's why i think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch , like an automatic watch but are people gon na wan na shake their movie controller ? um it 's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it . um <other> i think we could go for like um <other> maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape . um you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit . um probably something that s sits in your hand comfortably , sort of feels right in your hand . so something quite curvy ? about how if you have a bright colour you 'll not lose it so much . um and when the corporate colour is yellow , i mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow so for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion , then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize . um maybe what we could do is t th think about a concept which touches b back to theon the um <other> the colour , 'cause i i i was kinda thinking about as wellyou know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones , and they 're plastic but then also have like rubber on the outside , and it kinda feelsit feels kind of warmer to the touch . it feels a bit more comfortable , and maybe we could incorporate plastic and rubber into it . i 'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape . um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand , and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need . so i reckon it 'd look quite nice if we just had um thishere , had a sorta background yellow , and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons . the fact that it talks to you , i mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says , what is it , putting fashion into electronics or something , i think that 'd probably scare me . also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an l _ c _ d _ display , where would we put that ? do we need an l _ c _ d _ display ? it 's bound to increase the cost of it a lot , i would 've thought . what would we what would we achieve from it ? and the th the thing i could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings . so as you scroll through , 'cause we said we might have a jog dial , so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is . i think that will be a problem because we do n't have an input device to get the listings into it , i would say no need for a talk-back . um i mean do you wan na group them into s head of the snowman , body of the snowman , inside of the snowman , um <other> well i think the advanced ones the the ones you do n't usually use could be hid inside . where would you physically position the buttons ? um energy whatdo you think that 's suggesting we'rehow we 're powering the thing ? i really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you 'd have the back-up of the battery , but have have kinetic power , and this size here , i 'd suggest this be small , like quite small . i know we 're gon na have like rubber buttons um but we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech , rubber buttons plastic frame , it 's almost like we 're reproducing the same old remote control that 's out there . okay so so backlighting , that would be good . um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable , s so like cur slightly transparent case , so it 's yellow , like tinted yellow , but you can maybe see through it . or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse . but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow , does n't make it freaky . um and then the other thing that we we 're s we 've committed ourselves to achieving is simplicity , 'cause that 's the main thing people will f wan na do . could we use like a jog dial , like a nice just sort of round , somewhere on it where you just roll it ? the question is when you 're rolling it , how do you wan na roll it ? 'cause in a mouse your hand 's in a position to roll it , whereas the other thing about having it jog dial this way , it tends to get moved accidentally . can you imagine you have to scroll a lot . um it might work for volume , but not for channels right . and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that , and the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing ? and that we 've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side , that that might have one problem in terms of um in terms of whether you 're left handed or you 're right handed you might be locking yourself in . yeah i think the jog dial , what if it was flat and you just spun it , a slide , because then you you do n't have to put the hand . and i think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons , 'cause that 'd just be so standard . and also t plastic i 've seen can get really textured , so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand . feel like fruit .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed options for the shape and color scheme of the remote , as well as what components , batteries , and materials to use ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i know that the designers are gon na be working with play-doh on that . the next meeting 's gon na be in thirty minutes ,", "summary": "action: some team members will design a prototype of the remote"}
{"dialogue": "um <other> i think we could go for like um <other> maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape . so something quite curvy ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be curvy ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape . um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand , and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be shaped like a snowman ."}
{"dialogue": "i would say no need for a talk-back .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not have a talk-back function ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah i think the jog dial , what if it was flat and you just spun it ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a jog dial ."}
{"dialogue": "and also t plastic i 've seen can get really textured , so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand .", "summary": "decisions: the materials used will be plastic and rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "feel like fruit .", "summary": "decisions: the case will have a soft fruit-like feel to it ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not have an lcd display ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a kinetic battery ."}
{"dialogue": "i know we 're gon na have like rubber buttons", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have rubber buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "can we get a strong enough battery to power a light ? we 're gon na need to put in a really good battery so people do n't have to charge their r remote control every few days . um energy whatdo you think that 's suggesting we'rehow we 're powering the thing ? i really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you 'd have the back-up of the battery , but have have kinetic power ,", "summary": "problems: what sort of battery to use ."}
{"dialogue": "um and when the corporate colour is yellow , i mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow um maybe what we could do is t th think about a concept which touches b back to theon the um <other> the colour , so for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion , then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize . so i reckon it 'd look quite nice if we just had um thishere , had a sorta background yellow , and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons . and the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing ? and that we 've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side ,", "summary": "problems: how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme , the corporate color , and soft materials into the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape . um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand , and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need .", "summary": "problems: what shape the remote should be ."}
{"dialogue": "the fact that it talks to you , i mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says , what is it , putting fashion into electronics or something , i think that 'd probably scare me .", "summary": "problems: whether the remote should have a talk-back function ."}
{"dialogue": "also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an l _ c _ d _ display , where would we put that ? do we need an l _ c _ d _ display ? it 's bound to increase the cost of it a lot , i would 've thought . what would we what would we achieve from it ? and the th the thing i could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings . so as you scroll through , 'cause we said we might have a jog dial , so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is . i think that will be a problem because we do n't have an input device to get the listings into it ,", "summary": "problems: whether to have an lcd display on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow , does n't make it freaky . s so like cur slightly transparent case , so it 's yellow , like tinted yellow , but you can maybe see through it . or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse . okay so so backlighting , that would be good . um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable , and that we 've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side ,", "summary": "problems: what the case will look like ."}
{"dialogue": "so as you scroll through , 'cause we said we might have a jog dial , so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is . could we use like a jog dial , like a nice just sort of round , somewhere on it where you just roll it ? the question is when you 're rolling it , how do you wan na roll it ? 'cause in a mouse your hand 's in a position to roll it , whereas the other thing about having it jog dial this way , it tends to get moved accidentally . can you imagine you have to scroll a lot . um it might work for volume , and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that , but not for channels right . yeah i think the jog dial , a slide , because then you you do n't have to put the hand .", "summary": "problems: whether to include a jog dial on the remote ."}
