{"dialogue": "so i just wannarather than going uh miss marketing and miss this and miss that <other> wanted to know your names again . okay , right , welcome to meeting b _ . um this is gon na go a lot better than the last meeting , basically , uh 'cause i know what i 'm supposed to be doing now . and , uh yeah , i 'm just here to sort of liaise between the three of you and get things going , get people talking and and i 'm gon na be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff basically . what this meeting is all about is um i 'm gon na have some presentations from all three of you , we 'll we 'll uh talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all . so i want each of your presentations to not be too long , five five minutes , something like that . this meeting it 's not very long . it 's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now . um if you have n't done a powerpoint thingy , it does n't matter ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager had the team members re-introduce themselves and then briefed the team on his own duties and on the meeting agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm gon na draw it on the board then . so um <other> the idea is that we 've got the energy source um , so um i think maybe uh two batteries , then on the uh remote control itself will have um the sender for the signal , which could be uh an infra-red signal , um which will be sent by an electronic chip . is a battery like the only way of no 'cause like cha 'causealways changing um um batteries can get like annoying . swi i th i th i think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain , but as far as the infra-red signal , do we have control over , you know , how far away you can be from the receiving unit , the the t _ v _ , and still have it be operational ? it 's never gon na be more than it 's never gon na be , you kno unless you 've got a t _ v _ the size of a football pitch , it 's notdoes n't have to go that far , well , we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it . yeah , yeah i d it sounds like youyou w do n't wan na overcomplicate things . how about bluetooth ? does n't have to go through a wall , because you 're not gon na be looking through a wall .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed options for batteries and infra-red signals ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , and basically uh , as far as methods , i was i was looking looking at looking at uh already existing remotes , trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there . and so in the research that i was doing there 's basically two types of remotes , i mean people want a remote that 's familiar , that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics , but um so things that <other> seem like absolute must-haves uh would be a volume control , uh channel keys up-down , but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want , rather than doing up-down , ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred , judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting i kind of gathered that that 's what we were going after , so , the engineering centred ones uh provide a lot of functionality , so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use . um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or no that that that seemed like a novel idea as f as far as i know . what uh do you guys have a a yea or nay on thata feeling about whether that 's really necessary ? i would say it'sif it 's simple to do , and what i did n't mention yet really is is the sort of like the ergonomic design .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed what features the remote was required to have and presented two existing products which were based on different concepts ."}
{"dialogue": "um i 've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred <other> well , something we should take into account is um we 've got ta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit . it 's got ta d look like it 's in the r _ and r _ . uh , everything is going t ergonomic , you know ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then introduced some new requirements to bear in mind when designing the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "well , for our marketing report uh we observed remote control users in a usability lab , so seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly . um <other> current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user . um eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really cool and fancy . i was thinking something easy to use , especially for older people . um <other> has to look really cool , flashy groovy for people to buy it . and also we asked them whether they wanted <other> whether they 'd be interested in um <other> voice activating . what about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost ? most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five , it 's older generation , they 're the ones that have gone out and but the younger generation who we are catering for , like who have most of the money nowadays , do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote . <other> voice activation might not be the best . i would say scra i 'd say scrap that straight off . um also with um with buttons , <other> a thing called r _ s _ i _ , i think we can do some reallyin in that department , the the ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences on remotes in general and on voice recognition and the team discussed the option to have an ergonomically designed remote ."}
{"dialogue": "we 've decided that it 's gon na be , you know uh , we 're going for a basic television remote . i think , we should just go with the simplest option on everything , uh and that would be infra-red , energy source , that would be batteries . uh mean we we can look into using the s , you know , the little tiny weeny batteries , all like special long-lasting batteries . um . <laugh> so are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as i i kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background , well , it 's like white on i white and blue on a black background with whitewith yellow borders . ca n't we have different colours in the remotes , and this is something that came on down from from the higher ups , so , i mean , we are sort of beholden to them . so we have to have it one colour . not one colour , but the pattern needs to be recognisable . but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it 's one of our products so maybe , so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein , perhaps . but it could come in different colours and have the r _ r _ colours just somewhere", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the decisions made so far and the team discussed color options for the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "we should probably consult with our legal department uh . i 'll see if i can getsee if i can get hold of them for the next meeting .", "summary": "action: the project manager will consult with the legal department to discuss the prevention of lawsuits from consumers claiming the remote caused rsi"}
{"dialogue": "energy source , that would be batteries .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use regular batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "um i 've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred <other> well , something we should take into account is um we 've got ta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit . it 's got ta d look like it 's in the r _ and r _ . so , i mean , we are sort of beholden to them . not one colour , but the pattern needs to be recognisable . but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it 's one of our products", "summary": "decisions: the corporate image will be displayed on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> voice activation might not be the best . i would say scra i 'd say scrap that straight off .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not contain a voice activation feature ."}
{"dialogue": "and that could be one of our niches p sort of uh uh in the market , i guess . um . i think we can do some reallyin in that department , the the ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have an ergonomic design ."}
{"dialogue": "uh and that would be infra-red , yeah , yeah i d it sounds like youyou w do n't wan na overcomplicate things . it 's never gon na be more than it 's never gon na be , you kno unless you 've got a t _ v _ the size of a football pitch , it 's notdoes n't have to go that far , does n't have to go through a wall , because you 're not gon na be looking through a wall .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a regular infra-red signal ."}
{"dialogue": "as far as the infra-red signal , do we have control over , you know , how far away you can be from the receiving unit , the the t _ v _ , and still have it be operational ? it 's never gon na be more than it 's never gon na be , you kno unless you 've got a t _ v _ the size of a football pitch , it 's notdoes n't have to go that far , well , we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it .", "summary": "problems: how powerful the infra-red signal should be ."}
{"dialogue": "um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or no that that that seemed like a novel idea as f as far as i know . what uh do you guys have a a yea or nay on thata feeling about whether that 's really necessary ? i would say it'sif it 's simple to do ,", "summary": "problems: whether the remote should have a locking function ."}
{"dialogue": "and also we asked them whether they wanted <other> whether they 'd be interested in um <other> voice activating . what about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost ? most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five , it 's older generation , they 're the ones that have gone out and but the younger generation who we are catering for , like who have most of the money nowadays , do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote . <other> voice activation might not be the best . i would say scra i 'd say scrap that straight off .", "summary": "problems: whether to include a voice activation feature in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "uh , everything is going t ergonomic , you know , and that could be one of our niches p sort of uh uh in the market , i guess . um . i think we can do some reallyin in that department , the the ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements .", "summary": "problems: if the remote should have an ergonomic design ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> so are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as ca n't we have different colours in the remotes , i i kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background , well , it 's like white on i white and blue on a black background with whitewith yellow borders . and this is something that came on down from from the higher ups , so , i mean , we are sort of beholden to them . so we have to have it one colour . not one colour , but the pattern needs to be recognisable . but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it 's one of our products so maybe , so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein , perhaps . but it could come in different colours and have the r _ r _ colours just somewhere", "summary": "problems: what color the remote should be ."}
