{"dialogue": "um alright first off we 'll just uh recap from our last meeting . um <other> which was we got together just to basically decide onwell to talk about what it is that we were actually uh supposed to be doing ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> um so um for the energy sources we can have a basic battery , a hand dynamo which iswhich was used uh in the fifties for torches , you can have a kinetic provision of energy , or you can use solar cells , but i 'm not sure about that indoors , really , but well , there 's sometimes combinations , i mean , like calculators do combinations of battery withbut also using some solar power . and uh if we want something fancier , i think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice , think the the uh what would cost the less would be the basic battery , really . <other> for the case of the remotes itself , um they can be a general case , which is just a flat one . you can have uh a curved one or a double curved one , <other> um then the case material itself , so it can be uh uh either plastic or latex , uh rubber , wood , or titanium . and th for each of them you have uh cases wherefor example titanium , you ca n't use it forif you if we 're choosing a double curved case , we ca n't choose titanium . but if we 're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything . so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels , like you have on a mouse , um or you could have um l _ c _ d _ , which gives you a display . um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons . um so the push-buttons themselves they can be just simple or they can be if we get an advanced chip which is um used for the l _ c _ d _ , the display thing , then that 's even more expensive .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed different options for batteries , materials , and components , as well as restrictions involved in combining particular materials , components , and batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "so that might be an idea of using the rubber , and also it does n't break as easily maybe , rubber , we 're all we 're all goingwe 're all liking that idea ? mean so what 's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub doublerubber double curved case ? <laugh> let 's have rubber push buttons , hey . <other> is uh , okay , advanced chip on print , which i presume is like one p _ c _ b _ and that 's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender ? well , if if it 's not chip on print then , i guess , you get different chip components , and you build them separately and does n't include the infra-red . if it 's something that 's inside the the unit . <other> i it does n't affects whether the customer 's gon na buy it or not . so let 's not let 's uh not bother with the chip on print . what about the just developed uh sample sensor ? i 'm just guessing . but it 's gon na be the most expensive option , probably and it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the t _ v _ on like , turn the t _ v _ on , and i turnscomes on , a it just gives you a verbal response . oh , thenforget about it . so rubber rubber keys , yeah . so we want it rub rubber double curved . <laugh> but the fact that this this rubber i is actually used in these anti-r _ s _ i _ ps specific", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed and decided what materials , components , and what type of battery to use in their product ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so i 'm continuing with the user interface uh topic . uh and so the manufacturing division uh sent some some samples of of uh interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products , uh like the coffee machine . they they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an m _ p _ three player like ipod . so i already mentioned the speech recognition interface . i guess , we we basically vetoed that idea . but they suggested uh , you know , going i a little bit into a a niche , but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general , but done well . i can give you an example here of uh , good layout and bad layout so this would be an example of bad layout , where you have volume up and volume down , but they have a v _ on both of them , so uh uh this is the example of the giant remote that 's impossible to lose . uh so i was against the speech recognition and against going uh towards anything in in a niche sense . i did n't i did n't think the spinning-wheel or the uh l _ c _ display were were crucial for us . so we'rewe 're not gon na have any sort of display i think uh . i think we shall have a limited number of buttons , ideally , i mean a a power , channel up , channel down , volume up , volume down , and a numerical keypad . it will either have a a lock button like we mentioned or or a cover or something like that . um it seems like we would n't wan na make it too busy and too sort of gaudy , yeah , i would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere , i i guess <other> the fact uh also that we are having a rubber case uh would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presented examples of existing remotes on the market with good and bad layouts and stated what features the remote required ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i 'm just basically letting you know what 's happening in the markets so the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that alreadythat we already have . <other> um second , uh it should be technologically innovative innovative . next year 's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . okay , so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a uh and an avocado key on them . and as it 's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy , yeah , we 're we 're ahead of the game there .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed research from trendwatching reports , finding that products now require technological innovativeness , a fancy look and feel , a spongy feel , and a fruit and vegetable theme ."}
{"dialogue": "now the trouble is is we 've already decided that we 're going with the stuff that works already , that 's cheap . i mean it 's different , but i would n't say like a rubber remote is fancy . that 's why i was thinking , bluetooth , 'cause bluetooth is the in thing nowadays , like it really is <laugh> , they do n't really care whether , you know , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not . of course , they do . so is is the advantage of bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other that would mean you 'd need a television that has bluetooth in it , which no no television does , well , if you 're looking at <other> if youlooking at something that 's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art . like it does n't have to be , you know , bluetooth , if we want something new , we need to move away from what we already have", "summary": "abstract: this lead to a discussion on whether to use bluetooth or infra-red technology in remote ."}
{"dialogue": "and um i 'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though . maybe make it like fruity colours or something . the power button could be like a big apple or something . um like i 'm just thinking bright colours . wan na make it different colours so <other> anybody can choo like like so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the where , you know , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they 're customising it when they buy it , even , you know , just just by the fact of choosing .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "from you catherine wi your y y you know you 're gon na be working on the the look and feel design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design ."}
{"dialogue": "um gabriel , you 're gon na be working on , you knowcome up with the the user interface design .", "summary": "action: the interface specialist will work on the user interface design ."}
{"dialogue": "then basically , you two are gon na be working together on this . come up ki you know , be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some some i some physical ideas . um and i think you are gon na get a chance to play with some clay .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and the interface specialist will work on a prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "um and you 're gon na be working on the product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on the product evaluation"}
{"dialogue": "let 's have rubber push buttons , hey . so rubber rubber keys , yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have rubber push buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "rubber , we 're all we 're all goingwe 're all liking that idea ? so we want it rub rubber double curved . <laugh>", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "so let 's not let 's uh not bother with the chip on print .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not use a chip on print ."}
{"dialogue": "okay . <other> yeah , thisthat 's that 's very good . right , we 're gon na go go back to um going with the kinetic thing ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery ."}
{"dialogue": "so we want it rub rubber double curved . <laugh>", "summary": "decisions: the case will be double curved ."}
{"dialogue": "so we'rewe 're not gon na have any sort of display i think uh .", "summary": "decisions: there will be no display physically featured on the remote itself ."}
{"dialogue": "well , what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit ? what about the just developed uh sample sensor ? it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the t _ v _ on like , turn the t _ v _ on , and i turnscomes on , i 'm just guessing . but it 's gon na be the most expensive option , probably and a it just gives you a verbal response . oh , thenforget about it .", "summary": "problems: whether to have a sample sensor in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere , wan na make it different colours so <other> anybody can choo like like so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the where , you know , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they 're customising it when they buy it , even , you know , just just by the fact of choosing .", "summary": "problems: what color the remote should be ."}
{"dialogue": "that 's why i was thinking , bluetooth , 'cause bluetooth is the in thing nowadays , like it really is <laugh> , they do n't really care whether , you know , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not . of course , they do . so is is the advantage of bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other that would mean you 'd need a television that has bluetooth in it , which no no television does , well , if you 're looking at <other> if youlooking at something that 's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art . like it does n't have to be , you know , bluetooth ,", "summary": "problems: whether to use bluetooth or infra-red technology in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "and um i 'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though . maybe make it like fruity colours or something . the power button could be like a big apple or something . um like i 'm just thinking bright colours .", "summary": "problems: how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote ."}
