{"dialogue": "we 've got a cool prototype . everything uh that we wanted we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber , double curved . um but also something that was gon na jump out at people , so uh i think if you put this in the palm of your hand , you 'll see what a nice thing we have going here . so , basically , if you hold it like that , the one on your thumb , yeah , <other> the thumb button is the power button . your index finger is channel up , middle finger is channel down , um and then then you can alsothere 's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want . but we think it 's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different . that certainly does . i think it 's , well , if the r _ r _ motto is , we bring fashion to to electronics , i 'd say that could be quite fashionable . and it 's got the b the black and yellow and blue .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist and industrial designer presented their prototype to the team and discussed the features the prototype contained ."}
{"dialogue": "i have one thing about it , but it 's a small thing , but it 'd mean we 'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one . but , that 's i do n't see why that 's not possible . like i was just thinking if there 's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? yeah , i know i know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer <other> for the wholethe same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . i think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so but we can have both uh have them in stock .", "summary": "abstract: in presenting the prototype , the issue arose that the prototype could only be used with the right hand ."}
{"dialogue": "one thing i do need to dowe need to look at , is the costs . i could doyou know , i can do this o on my own or i could do it with you , but it 's just easy enough to go through it with you , so we 're going for the kinetic power . sothe case , we 've gone for the double curved . and it 's made out of rubber . well they 're in diff special colours , special form , we 're under budget . that 's gon na cost ten ten euro seventy cents a unit to make . and our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty .", "summary": "abstract: the team then looked at the production costs of the remote and found that their remote was actually under budget and that they could retain all the features they had originally decided upon without exceeding the target cost ."}
{"dialogue": "so we evaluate each criteria . and we have to do it on a scale of one to seven , one being true , so it 's it 's more like it'sfits the criteria , and seven being as in it does n't fit the criteria . so the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ? i would give it a seven . as in it 's not . oh sorry , one , d yeah . second criteria , new technology . well , the kinetic thing , yeah . maybe three , yeah . so criteria three is is it easy to use ? if we 're gon na have one left-handed and one right-handed then i would give it a one , but otherwise otherwise a two . <other> 'kay , criteria four is costs . it 's come in under budget . so that 's a definite one . amount of buttons . contains only the necessary buttons . r _ s _ i _ is it good against ? yes . very good . does it get lost ? i do n't think it 's gon na get lost easily . but it is smallish . i mean , you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but", "summary": "abstract: the team evaluated the prototype on the basis of its look and feel , technological innovation , ease of use , costs , and its ability to be misplaced ."}
{"dialogue": "w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new . not if you 're left-handed it 's not . so that 's the evaluation , <laugh> we 've , we 've done well . number one product .", "summary": "abstract: overall , the prototype performed very well in meeting all the criteria of the evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , i i think um i just wan na put in as project manager the you know , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they 've worked on it , during our design i mean there was some s some heated heated discussion , but we we keptwe tried to keep it cool and and um and then come together and worked in , you know , integrally , you know , at the right times , and be you know , has been good communication going on . <other> now you guys have been a a great team . and i think we 've co we have come we 've come up with something new , something that has n't been done before , i think actuallyand one advantage of of this is that after the uh , you know , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote , you know . um how does everyone feel about the technology that 's been used in this ? the sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that ? i love it . <laugh> i love it . <laugh> i think it 's cool . um , but a p a pen with a camera on it , i do n't think it 's such a new thing . it would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff , but as it 's not it 's literally that 'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text . i think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it 's just the first step .", "summary": "abstract: the team then evaluated the project process , finding that they we re happy with their product and their performance in the project ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: * na * ."}
{"dialogue": "but it 'd mean we 'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one . but , that 's i do n't see why that 's not possible . like i was just thinking if there 's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? yeah , i know i know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer <other> for the wholethe same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . i think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so but we can have both uh have them in stock .", "summary": "problems: the need for separate right-handed and left-handed remotes ."}
