{"dialogue": "good morning everybody . um i 'm just gon na have a little powerpoint presentation for us , for our kick-off meeting . my name is rose lindgren . i i 'll be the project manager . um our agenda today is we are gon na do a little opening and then i 'm gon na talk a little bit about the project , then we 'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit , including a tool training exercise . and then we 'll move into the project plan , do a little discussion", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and introduced herself to the team ."}
{"dialogue": "um we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about , it needs to be original , trendy and user-friendly . um so we 're gon na divide us up into three <other> compa three parts . first the functional design which will be uh first we 'll do individual work , come into a meeting , the conceptional design , individual work and a meeting , and then the detailed design , individual work and a meeting .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project in which the team is to create a remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "um we 're gon na do a little tool training , so we are gon na work with that whiteboard behind you . um introduce yourself , and then draw your favourite animal my name is alima bucciantini . and i guess i 'm the industrial designer on this project . i will draw a little turtle for you all . my name is iain uh and i 'm the user interface designer for the project . um . it 's a whale <laugh> , yes . i 'm jessy . briefly , it 's supposed to be a seal .", "summary": "abstract: the team members participated in a tool training exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal on the white-board and discussed why they liked the animal ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're gon na talk about project finances . we 'd like to sell it for about twenty five euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million euro um from our sales and because this is suchthis is for television it 's awe have a market range of internet , like it 's an international market range , um in order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty euro .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then talked about the project finances and discussed selling prices , profit aim , market range , and production costs ."}
{"dialogue": "just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project um , i couldi 'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls , what would be the best um like youwhat are the features that you really like um i hate when there 's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the t _ v _ 'cause i feel like you end up with multimedia overload . especially , like you know if i 'm watching t _ v _ i have have to have three separate remote controls ofin front of me , you know , one for the t _ v _ , one for the digital box , one for m the video recorder as well . um . and also they tend to they tend to be a bit confusing , uh too too sort of too sort of complicated they 've got too many buttons on them and that there 's not too many buttons , they are not too small , like are there some remotes that don do n't require like batteries but it 's possible we could use like a lithium battery it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes . i guess we have to define what what we 're aiming for .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then led the team in a discussion on their experiences with remotes and what features they would like to include in the remote they are producing ."}
{"dialogue": "it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes . does n't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder but that just has your major buttons forthat work for everything , you know volume control , on , off , so it 's like if you 're looki if you 're trying to get the t _ v _ on that 's , you know , like the top thing on the remote , i dunno if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we 're gon na make it , but if it 's like all the t _ v _ stuff was here , then all the v _ c _ r _ stuff was here , all thewhatever else we have programmed into it it 's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together , and if um if you 'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would n't need to use every day . would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it ? are we designing a remote control for a television only um or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it ? <other> i 'll look into that . if it 's just a television then thatit 's a bit simpler , if you have older people or people like me that are n't very co-ordinated hand-eye , it 's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it . so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .", "summary": "abstract: the team members discussed the option of combining remotes and how to produce a remote which is capable of controlling multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> i 'll look into that .", "summary": "action: the project manager will investigate whether the team is to create a remote that is to be sued solely with televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "um the industrial design , alima will be doing um the working design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "um the user interface designer , that 's for . technical functions , i guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing , the size of the buttons .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "um user requirements um , so you 'll be hearing about different trends , uh about different things that people need ,", "summary": "action: the project manager will type up the minutes of the current meeting and e-mail those to the team members ."}
{"dialogue": "can you e-mail your slides as well ? yes , i yes , i think i can . i 'll just attach it to an email . and probably email those out to all of you . um just including all the things that we talked about . um .", "summary": "action: the project manager will e-mail her slides to the team members"}
{"dialogue": "we 'd like to sell it for about twenty five euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million euro um from our sales", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "we 'd like to sell it for about twenty five euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million euro um from our sales", "summary": "decisions: the profit aim is fifteen million euro ."}
{"dialogue": "and because this is suchthis is for television it 's awe have a market range of internet , like it 's an international market range ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold on an international scale ."}
{"dialogue": "um in order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty euro .", "summary": "decisions: the maximum production cost for the remote is 12 . 50 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .", "summary": "decisions: one remote will contain main functions such as on , off , channel changing , and volume ."}
{"dialogue": "and if um if you 'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would n't need to use every day .", "summary": "decisions: an additional remote will contain special functions ."}
{"dialogue": "it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes . does n't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder but that just has your major buttons forthat work for everything , you know volume control , on , off , so it 's like if you 're looki if you 're trying to get the t _ v _ on that 's , you know , like the top thing on the remote , i dunno if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we 're gon na make it , but if it 's like all the t _ v _ stuff was here , then all the v _ c _ r _ stuff was here , all thewhatever else we have programmed into it it 's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together , and if um if you 'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would n't need to use every day . so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .", "summary": "problems: whether to combine remotes for different devices into one single remote or to have multiple individual remotes ."}
{"dialogue": "would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it ? are we designing a remote control for a television only um or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it ? <other> i 'll look into that . if it 's just a television then thatit 's a bit simpler , if you have older people or people like me that are n't very co-ordinated hand-eye , it 's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it .", "summary": "problems: whether the team is designing a remote that is to be used solely with televisions or a remote that is to be used with a variety of devices ."}
