{"dialogue": "um these are our minutes from r the functional design . we decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it , and we said it 's for all age groups , different um functions of it . our main objectives were simplicity and fashion . specific functions are something to keep the remote from getting lost , large buttons for the essential functions , a possibility for extra functions , like a sliding a sliding piece <other> and a long-life battery or a charging station .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "components design . the main elements of remote controls in general , and therefore ours as well , are the case , the buttons , the circuit board with the chip and the battery . uh the options that i 've gotten from headquarters about what we can do , um there 's there 's the shape of a case , we could do a flat sh a flat case , a curved case or maybe even a double double-curved case . i have n't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet , and we can make our case out of plastic , the m the main base will be plastic , but we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in , wood , latex , titanium , rubber or other coloured types of plastic . for buttons we have um pushbuttons , but we also have scror scroll wheels , which can have integrated pushbuttons , and have an l _ l _ c _ d _ screen . or we could go all high-tech <other> um circuit board and chip we can have a simple one , a regular one or an advanced one , and then battery i think is where things get most exciting . um we can we can have your sort of basic double a _ batteries , but we also have these options of um <other> using a kinetic battery , um so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery . or a solar battery , although there are slight um <other> complications with solar batteries as in we ca n't use a latex case if we have a solar battery . or um something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about fifty years ago , flashlights . um personal preferences that i was thinking through here 's what we 've been talking about all through , fashion and simplicity . so if we 're going for fashion in our cases , i think that what we 're gon na wan na look at is a curved or a double-curved case , probably with a variety of design elements . maybe titanium , maybe some wood . we 're gon na have to investigate that better when i get specifics of the actual materials , and we wan na go for simplicity . probably pushbuttons , but i 'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll scroll wheel , if anyone has anything and i 'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery . but i think we 'd also wan na go for e a simple chip or regular chip to keep our costs down . uh we really only need a regular or advanced chip t if we 're gon na start using an l _ c _ d _ . <other> solar i do n't think would be such a good idea , is double-curved likewould be like two hands kind of thing ? i 'm not sure . but i 'll let you know as soon as i get any pictures . i know if we do have a double-curved case , it ca n't have any titanium in it . um the weight of these different elements , have you no idea , no idea . um i 'm assuming that a kinetic battery is n't gon na take up that much weight , but if anyone has any specific questions , do n't hesitate to email me or something .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed possible materials to use in making the case for the remote , options for buttons , and options for batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm gon na describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device . so we need to determine what the essential functions of the d of the device are we have a number of different choices for a design concept um uh once we 've chosen a a concept for it , we can then design the features around the concept , <laugh> m we do n't want lots of buttons , uh complicated features . here 's a a fairly simple device . this is an an ipod from apple . uh you use these four buttons to m to move around a range of settings on the small l _ c _ d _ screen . so i think that 's that 's a good a good kind of model that we could have . um <other> here 's a another example . and i think i it looks pretty cool . uh it 's nice and colourful , it 's nice and bright . if you 're watching t _ v _ in the dark or whatever , you can work out which button 's which i <other> i like i like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presented two existing products which incorporate features the team is seeking to embed in their remote ."}
{"dialogue": "we 'd either have a small l _ c _ d _ display on the device itself , or uh have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television there 's no point having a television that you ca n't tune or that you ca n't set the contrast , so we need to find a way of including these somehow . so you 'd be advocating an l _ c _ d _ then ? i think that 's <other> that 's one way to go , um i mean there are there are advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an l _ c _ d _ display , an an l _ c _ d _ display would have to be quite small , um it would also have to have uh a kind of backlighting in it , the alternative is to have a <other> an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control . uh but i think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it'sum you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it . i think i think we 're talking menu like contrast and tuning the v _ c _ r _ or something if i 've understood you correctly , rather than menu as what 's on .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist also discussed other features to possibly incorporate into the design of the remote , such as an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're gon na look a little bit at trend watching . that was a market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted , and then also some fashion watchers in paris and milan commented on some things that are gon na be going on this year . and right now i d they 're saying that currently there 's a functional look and feel preference , but that really , over the next year it it that 's gon na be switching to fancy look and feel remotes , they 're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it 's fancy look and feel . and as these are ranked , the top one is doubly important to the second one , which is doubly important to the third one , <other> the second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations . and then ease of use was the third most important , <other> and then <laugh> the fashion watch talks about that this year 's top trend for clothes , shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there 's a preference for spongy , <other> tight material . <laugh> and so that brings us to my personal preferences . who wants a spongy remote or one with <laugh> fruit and vegetable padding . personally , i do n't really think that i want one that 's gon na go out of style or go stale , excuse the pun , um in a year , so and if necessarily this whole fashion to technology y edas ease of use is necessarily the right ranking . also , considering that the d research b has been carried out by real reaction , i 'm a little hesitant as to <other> like , how these questions may have been worded , but if we 're working for this company then i guess no matter what , we have to stress fashion the most .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed recent findings from trend watching reports and how to incorporate these findings into the remote design with respect to what materials to use and the overall appearance of the product ."}
{"dialogue": "um do you have any ideas how to possibly use these ? um how to how to use a fruit or vegetable or um or the spongy material at all ? could we make a s like could we make a spongy remote ? if it 's latexif it 's latexy my understanding of a latex case is that it 's in fact hard to protect stuff inside , there 's something to be said , i mean we we got that thing earlier from you about um not wanting it tor _ r _ repetitive stress injuries and things i 'm envisioning more like , you know , the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle , <other> could we go in fruit and vegetable colours ? um couple main ones being like , i dunno , lemons or strawberries or something . <laugh> i is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable ? uh like uh i dunno , like uh carrots or something . or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits . what about the idea of like a round remote ? instead of like a vertical up and down one . like in terms of holding it . like that 's a f shape of a fruit . would you think you youdo you think you 'd be able to hold it ? couldcould we uh could we have changeable covers like for your mobile ? in different fruit and vegetable colours ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed other options for how they could incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the appearance of their product ."}
{"dialogue": "i love the idea of the wheel like the ipod . or is it li more like a scroll thing ? and you press the centre button , that 's that 's your all-purpose select button right there . i think why it would be good for us is 'cause like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume . i think an <other> l _ c _ d _ screen might be good in theory , but not as useful in practice . um i 've one more slide before we close , but in that slide is when we need to make decisions about thisthese kinds of things , and then like the the covers could be spongy latex components concept . energy , chip on print . can you just explain what that is real quick ? what do people think about this kinetic battery idea ? <other> i think it 's awesome . i think it 's really cool . as as long as we consider the the cost and the uh how reliable it is , i got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced . which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us . al all circuit boards are pretty much the same , i think . i do n't really know what to tell you as far as decisions . i guess maybe if we decided on like a simple , a regular , or an advanced chip , maybe . if we 're gon na have pushbuttons , they require a simple chip , but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip , do we want a scroll wheel , um i do n't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel . it would be nice for changing the volume , but i do n't know how useful it 'd be for changing the channel . you really need buttons for changing a channel . and the volume would just be like the same way , forward and backward asi 'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker sort of looking . when you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus . i thinkyeah , i think a scroll wheel would be nice , but it 's not necessary . um uh i 'm kinda liking the idea of latex , if if spongy is the in thing . could it be hard , and then something around it ? i would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing . what i 've seen , just not related to this , but of latex cases before , is that <other> there 's uh like a hard plastic inside , and it 's just covered with the latex . um and probably in colours , maybe fruity , vegetable colours . and we want a curved case , or a double-curved ? umand i think if we wan na keep our costs down , we should just go for pushbuttons , for channel surfing i think a scrollan actuallike an ipod 's kind of scroll thing would be too fast , i think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case i mean i 'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel , it 's more just to give it a different kind of look , we 're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through . so we 're gon na have like a menu button , and then supplements , we 're gon na go with um type pushbuttons , uh volume , favourite channels , uh and menu . pre-set channels i think maybe numbers seemsis kind of old-fashioned . let 's go with a simple chip ? um did we decide on a chip ? but if it 's gon na be in a latex type thing and that 's gon na look cool , then that 's probably gon na have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed other options for batteries , chips , buttons , and materials for the case , as well as the option to have a menu function ."}
{"dialogue": "and you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay .", "summary": "action: two members of the team will work on creating a prototype using modeling clay ."}
{"dialogue": "um you each have things to do , look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design and will gather more information on curved and double-curved case options ."}
{"dialogue": "um you each have things to do , look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,", "summary": "action: the marketing specialist will work on product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "um you each have things to do , look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,", "summary": "action: the interface specialist will continue to work on the interface concept"}
{"dialogue": "we decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it ,", "summary": "decisions: the target group comprises of individuals who can afford the product ."}
{"dialogue": "what do people think about this kinetic battery idea ? <other> i think it 's awesome . i think it 's really cool . i think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery ."}
{"dialogue": "but if it 's gon na be in a latex type thing and that 's gon na look cool , then that 's probably gon na have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel . uh i 'm kinda liking the idea of latex , if if spongy is the in thing . what i 've seen , just not related to this , but of latex cases before , is that <other> there 's uh like a hard plastic inside , and it 's just covered with the latex .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a latex case ."}
{"dialogue": "um and probably in colours , maybe fruity , vegetable colours .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be made in fruity colors ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have some sort of a curved case ."}
{"dialogue": "umand i think if we wan na keep our costs down , we should just go for pushbuttons , we 're gon na go with um type pushbuttons ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have pushbuttons ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're gon na have like a menu button , uh volume , favourite channels , uh and menu . pre-set channels", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a power button , volume buttons , channel preset buttons , and a menu button ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's go with a simple chip ? um did we decide on a chip ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a simple chip ."}
{"dialogue": "i think that 's <other> that 's one way to go , so you 'd be advocating an l _ c _ d _ then ? we 'd either have a small l _ c _ d _ display on the device itself , or uh have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television um i mean there are there are advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an l _ c _ d _ display , an an l _ c _ d _ display would have to be quite small , um it would also have to have uh a kind of backlighting in it , the alternative is to have a <other> an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control . uh but i think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it'sum you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it . i think i think we 're talking menu like contrast and tuning the v _ c _ r _ or something if i 've understood you correctly , rather than menu as what 's on .", "summary": "problems: having an lcd on the remote versus a menu that is viewed on the television screen ."}
{"dialogue": "my understanding of a latex case is that it 's in fact hard to protect stuff inside , there 's something to be said , i mean we we got that thing earlier from you about um not wanting it tor _ r _ repetitive stress injuries and things and then like the the covers could be spongy latex uh i 'm kinda liking the idea of latex , if if spongy is the in thing . could it be hard , and then something around it ? i would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing . what i 've seen , just not related to this , but of latex cases before , is that <other> there 's uh like a hard plastic inside , and it 's just covered with the latex .", "summary": "problems: whether to use latex or titanium for the case ."}
{"dialogue": "um do you have any ideas how to possibly use these ? um how to how to use a fruit or vegetable or um or the spongy material at all ? <other> could we go in fruit and vegetable colours ? um couple main ones being like , i dunno , lemons or strawberries or something . <laugh> i is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable ? uh like uh i dunno , like uh carrots or something . or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits . what about the idea of like a round remote ? instead of like a vertical up and down one . like in terms of holding it . like that 's a f shape of a fruit . would you think you youdo you think you 'd be able to hold it ? couldcould we uh could we have changeable covers like for your mobile ? in different fruit and vegetable colours , and then like the the covers could be spongy latex um and probably in colours , maybe fruity , vegetable colours .", "summary": "problems: how to incorporate a vegetable and fruit theme into the design of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "my understanding of a latex case is that it 's in fact hard to protect stuff inside , al all circuit boards are pretty much the same , i think . i do n't really know what to tell you as far as decisions .", "summary": "problems: what sort of circuit board to use ."}
{"dialogue": "i guess maybe if we decided on like a simple , a regular , or an advanced chip , maybe . if we 're gon na have pushbuttons , they require a simple chip , but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip ,", "summary": "problems: whether to use a simple , regular , or advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "or is it li more like a scroll thing ? i love the idea of the wheel like the ipod . and you press the centre button , that 's that 's your all-purpose select button right there . i think why it would be good for us is 'cause like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume . do we want a scroll wheel , um i do n't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel . it would be nice for changing the volume , but i do n't know how useful it 'd be for changing the channel . you really need buttons for changing a channel . and the volume would just be like the same way , forward and backward asi 'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker sort of looking . when you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus . i thinkyeah , i think a scroll wheel would be nice , but it 's not necessary . um umand i think if we wan na keep our costs down , we should just go for pushbuttons , for channel surfing i think a scrollan actuallike an ipod 's kind of scroll thing would be too fast , i think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case i mean i 'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel , it 's more just to give it a different kind of look , but if it 's gon na be in a latex type thing and that 's gon na look cool , then that 's probably gon na have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel .", "summary": "problems: whether to use a scroll wheel or pushbuttons ."}
{"dialogue": "and we want a curved case , or a double-curved ?", "summary": "problems: whether to have a flat , curved , or double-curved case ."}
