{"dialogue": "we 're gon na use a kinetic battery um , we want to use a simple chip , we 're choosing a latex case w in fruity colours that 's curved and um we 're using push buttons uh with a supplement of an on-screen menu . we made three different prototypes our colours notare not fixed , uh we have the on off button at the tip , very visible , very big . we have our up and down buttons , which are also gon na be our channel selectors , and we have our little menu button here . if you pushif you 're just pushing these normally , they 're the menu buttons , ifuh the volume buttons rather . if you press select once , they become channel changing buttons . that 's our number one prototype . the little lightning bolt in it , very cute . we call that one the rhombus , um this one is known as the potato , it 's an ergonomic shape , um i 've gone here just for just for four buttons on this one . um the two blue buttons here are for adjusting the volume . so you 've got volume up and volume down on the other side here . uh this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button ? it would make it hard to turn the machine off , to turn your t _ v _ off . and then finally we have um the martian or the pear , either way . um it 's a bit different , just a little bit more of a creative feel . uh you have the on off toggle stem on the top . <laugh> and then you have on the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional , plus it 's an interesting talking point to have standing up . we figured it could stand up like this on your table , if you wanted it to , if i made the bot the bottom flat . <laugh> in terms of making decisions , what we 'd need to do is first of all decide on a form uh which of the three different shapes we want , then decide what kind of button layout we want , how many buttons , and then to choose what colours we want to make the buttons normally we 'd go for fruity colours , but maybe we 're also thinking that your sort of middle aged man , for an example customer , might not want a fruity coloured remote , i sort of like this one , it just it 's like small but still sort of like cute looking , but i dunno how much any of this has to do with the fashionable , sort of cool looking thing could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off ?", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented three prototypes which differed primarily in shape ."}
{"dialogue": "but um the f the um feature that we considered for it not getting lost . we were we were talking about that a little bit and we think that each of these are so distinctive , that itit 's not just like another piece of technology around your house . it 's gon na be somewhere that it can be seen . so we 're we 're not thinking that it 's gon na be as critical to have the loss would it be very difficult to um just have an external device that like i dunno , you tape to your to your t _ v _ um that when you press it a little light beep goes off ? i think it would be difficult technologically , and then i wonder if it 's if it 's more just a gimmick then anything else . there might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something , but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon . um weso we do we 've decided not to worry about that for now . 'causewell , the designs are very bright , so you 're right , they 're gon na stick out , it was inspired by the potato ,", "summary": "abstract: the team felt it was not necessary to include a feature to prevent the remote from getting lost as the prototype designs were quite bright ."}
{"dialogue": "um uh why do n't we do a product evaluation using your criteria , i think we 're supposed to have one that we do it for . i was a little vague on what exactly i 'm supposed to do , i have to like write something on the whiteboard , so . it 's kind of like uh like a joystick kind of thing , it makes look more fruity as well . there it could have a stem like that , is that where people are leaning then , the potato ? variety of colours are nice . i think i 'm leaning towards the potato . that 's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down , that one . potato . some of the things that we 've talked about before we need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to . what we sort of wan na do is that we each need to separately rank each of the following things and then i 'll tabulate an average and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true and seven being not true at all , or false , first we wan na know if it meets the fancy look and feel um objective . in my opinion the <other> for now at least , the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle so i 'm gon na say it 's like a three . i i kind of think it 's it 's unique enough that i 'd give it a one or a two . i dunno if fancy is the word i would use . and same sort of scale for functionality , is it functional ? i think it 's extremely functional , i think it 'll get everything done , then i 'm gon na give it a two . um is it technologically innovative ? mm . not really , i mean not so much , 'cause we we do n't have the l _ c _ d _ screen , the kinetic battery . how many people would notice that , though ? and if it 's made of like latex , that whole idea , that 's pretty cool . think i 'm gon na go with the four as well . um we next wan na see if it has a spongy quality and <laugh> if indeed it 's made of latex or rubber iit 's spongy all the way . <laugh> give it a one . and the next is , does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables <laugh> ? is it gon na be yellow ? we might wan na keep it yellow . i know it would make it a little less c a little more confusing , but if we had all the buttons in black , and a design inand the outside in yellow , that 'd be our corporate one and we could also have alternative colours , one a more conservative one , one that 's more fruity . um and can we have like an r _ r _ inscribed on the bottom or something ? it was inspired by the potato , so i think it 's pretty fruity . i think i it 's kind of mangoey too . that 's a much more trendy than a potato <laugh> um , and does the design match the appropriate behaviour ? remember earlier we discussed that people do n't use a lot of buttons , so i 'm gon na give it a one . also we talked earlier about r _ s _ i _ and wanting to prevent um any sort of like carpal tunnely kind of thing . do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account ? i think i 'll give it a two , and if it 's repetitive movement it is gon na be only four buttons that you 're constantly pushing , and the ease of learning it . the menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing , but i think if it 's one it 's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out , but you 'll have it afterwards . so i 'd i think i 'd give it a two i guess . because you have to you have to use the menu system and you have to tell it what your favourite channels are and that could take a bit of learning at first , so i 'd i 'd give it a four . also earlier we had something about losing it and so now we 're not addressing that at all , i think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour , i 'm gon na i 'm gon na give it a four , <other> how w how well does it address just being simple ? um it like wants to be simple but it 's not like totally totally simple , i'mgive it a three i guess . and fashionable ? it 's totally fashionable . i think it 's bringing technology and fashion together real really well . and does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal , that whole thing ? if we offer in ain at least three different colour arrangements . so i 'll give it a a two . we did n't we did n't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo , so let 's let 's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an r _ r _ on it . i think all of them should have an r _ r _ .", "summary": "abstract: the team conducted a product evaluation of the prototype the team liked the most ."}
{"dialogue": "first we wan na know if it meets the fancy look and feel um objective . in my opinion the <other> for now at least , the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle so i 'm gon na say it 's like a three . i i kind of think it 's it 's unique enough that i 'd give it a one or a two . i dunno if fancy is the word i would use . and same sort of scale for functionality , is it functional ? i think it 's extremely functional , i think it 'll get everything done , then i 'm gon na give it a two . um is it technologically innovative ? mm . not really , i mean not so much , 'cause we we do n't have the l _ c _ d _ screen , the kinetic battery . how many people would notice that , though ? and if it 's made of like latex , that whole idea , that 's pretty cool . think i 'm gon na go with the four as well . um we next wan na see if it has a spongy quality and <laugh> if indeed it 's made of latex or rubber iit 's spongy all the way . <laugh> give it a one . and the next is , does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables <laugh> ? is it gon na be yellow ? we might wan na keep it yellow . i know it would make it a little less c a little more confusing , but if we had all the buttons in black , and a design inand the outside in yellow , that 'd be our corporate one and we could also have alternative colours , one a more conservative one , one that 's more fruity . um and can we have like an r _ r _ inscribed on the bottom or something ? so i think it 's pretty fruity . i think i it 's kind of mangoey too . that 's a much more trendy than a potato <laugh> um , and does the design match the appropriate behaviour ? remember earlier we discussed that people do n't use a lot of buttons , so i 'm gon na give it a one . also we talked earlier about r _ s _ i _ and wanting to prevent um any sort of like carpal tunnely kind of thing . do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account ? i think i 'll give it a two , and if it 's repetitive movement it is gon na be only four buttons that you 're constantly pushing , and the ease of learning it . the menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing , but i think if it 's one it 's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out , but you 'll have it afterwards . so i 'd i think i 'd give it a two i guess . because you have to you have to use the menu system and you have to tell it what your favourite channels are and that could take a bit of learning at first , so i 'd i 'd give it a four . also earlier we had something about losing it and so now we 're not addressing that at all , i think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour , i 'm gon na i 'm gon na give it a four , <other> how w how well does it address just being simple ? um it like wants to be simple but it 's not like totally totally simple , i'mgive it a three i guess . and fashionable ? it 's totally fashionable . i think it 's bringing technology and fashion together real really well . and does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal , that whole thing ? if we offer in ain at least three different colour arrangements . so i 'll give it a a two . we did n't we did n't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo , so let 's let 's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an r _ r _ on it . i think all of them should have an r _ r _ .", "summary": "abstract: they rated the prototype on the basis of its appearance , functionality , technological innovativeness , sponginess , usability , learn-ability , its ability to be found when misplaced , simplicity , and its ability to meet the appropriate demographic ."}
{"dialogue": "now we 're gon na look at finances . um i have an excel sheet that we 're actually gon na calculate the cost um , we 're using kinetic battery , simple . guess it 's double-curved . do n't we need plastic , and it was rubber and special colour , we 're usingwe 're gon na need at least two special colours . i do n't know what the se the basic colour is though . like we 'll have yellow and black . maybe the r _ r _ will be in colour as well , and how many buttons do we have ? we have six . the case material will just have one colour , but then the buttons will be in special colours ? special form ? i think they 're fine . material , we want them rubber as well probably , yeah . thirteen point seven . what can we reduce ? let 's have our buttons all be one colour . maybe it 's single-curved , <laugh> it 's single curved . case material is rubber and it 's a special colour , it was it was thirteen and now it 's fifteen . now it 's twelve . what was our target price again ? twelve point five . so we 're okay , i think . um are theare the costs under twelve fifty euro ? yes . i thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's move on to the project evaluation . project process . satisfaction with for example the room for creativity , leadership , teamwork , the means , any new ideas found . so i guess what we 're gon na talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project , the information we got on the news , how we used it , if we were able to um , you know , use our creativity with the information , um how how well i guess i led it , um thehow well we worked together as a team , um the digital pens , the whiteboard . i felt very creative . <laugh> <laugh> i think we 've been successful i enjoyed making the prototypes . i think we could 've done even better with a little bit more information , like what 's a single-curved case , but given given what we had i think that we did we did really well . if i 'd had more market research on thefruits and vegetables , maybe we could 've taken that into account . i thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally , that was the last one , like i chose not to do a powerpoint i think we all made um very significant contributions , i do n't think anybody dominated it , mm . what did we find for new ideas ? people should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables . i i am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them . is the project evaluated ? yes .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then led the team in a project evaluation in which the team evaluated how they created the project , the information they found and used , their creativity , their teamwork , and the materials they had at their disposal ."}
{"dialogue": "i felt very creative . <laugh> <laugh> i think we 've been successful i enjoyed making the prototypes . i think we could 've done even better with a little bit more information , like what 's a single-curved case , but given given what we had i think that we did we did really well . if i 'd had more market research on thefruits and vegetables , maybe we could 've taken that into account . that was the last one , like i chose not to do a powerpoint i think we all made um very significant contributions , i do n't think anybody dominated it , people should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables . i i am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them . is the project evaluated ? yes .", "summary": "abstract: the team was generally quite satisfied ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's the final questionnaire and meeting summary . this is the great product kids , and that we have a market for it , um especially if we can produce it at twelve point three make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the um the final results <laugh> i do like the martian remote . if we could choose more than one , that would be my second choice . although the tog toggle i would break it . <other> i would break it . <laugh> isit started as a pear , kind of looks like a penguin , like <laugh> with no eye <laugh> . nothing will come up until after our meeting 's supposed to be over ,", "summary": "abstract: after the project manager 's closing , the team discussed their personal preferences in terms of the prototypes ."}
{"dialogue": "otherwise the technologytoday was kinda cool . i got more master classes , what did i get through the corporate website ? it 's just inspiration about circuit boards . the excel thing is pretty cool . i learned a lot actually . i could probably take apart a remote control now if i really needed to . i wrote it all down , because i thought it would be relevant , like all the different parts of the inside of a remote control , but then they 're like , you do n't actually need this i i thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing . . we did n't we did n't use the whiteboard that much although i do n't see how we could have very l at least for me and i think usually , like whiteboards are good , you know like crossing out ideas , or like if we had had like a brainstorming period . we could 've put our brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it , and with and with the powerpoint that we can all look at , like you can do all those things pretty much on powerpoint 'cause we all needed them separately , kind of on the whiteboards in this room . when you were um creating your um prototypes here , did you work together or did you like do separate projects ? . uh we we worked together like we sort of made different well done with the management , i felt well managed . . i think we did well in first of all giving our meetings the time it 's kinda fun . actually we we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings <laugh> i know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided . but i think here we got we got clear and and decisive decisive pointsat the end of the meetings i think the last time we had a lot of information , but at the same time not quite enough , like we we could n't answer every single question . and i i felt the first two meetings , that i was coming in with no information , um . i 'm a littlei am a little disappointed that we did n't do aum something for losing the remote , just gon na makei 'm making full minutes , so that it 'll include all of the agenda and all that . how much of your powerpoint was already done for you , most of it , i did n't even think about adding slides , 'cause i would just get slides with titles on them i think the r _ and r _ , especially if the yellow and black one . i think we just need the um the r _ r _ , 'cause they did n't give me any clear , like yellow , grey , or . i guess it is black , grey . i just feel like if you 're really doing like a a really big market evaluation , you would n't just have like one set of source ,", "summary": "abstract: they also further evaluated the project process and discussed what they had learned ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "is that where people are leaning then , the potato ? variety of colours are nice . i think i 'm leaning towards the potato . that 's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down , that one . potato .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will resemble the potato prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "um weso we do we 've decided not to worry about that for now . 'causewell , the designs are very bright , so you 're right , they 're gon na stick out ,", "summary": "decisions: there will be no feature to help find the remote when it is misplaced ; instead the remote will be in a bright color to address this issue ."}
{"dialogue": "um and can we have like an r _ r _ inscribed on the bottom or something ? so let 's let 's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an r _ r _ on it . i think all of them should have an r _ r _ .", "summary": "decisions: the corporate logo will be on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but if we had all the buttons in black , and a design inand the outside in yellow , that 'd be our corporate one", "summary": "decisions: one of the color concepts for the remote will contain the corporate colors ."}
{"dialogue": "we have six .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have six buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's have our buttons all be one colour .", "summary": "decisions: the buttons will all be one color ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe it 's single-curved , <laugh> it 's single curved .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be single curve ."}
{"dialogue": "case material is rubber", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "and it 's a special colour ,", "summary": "decisions: the case will have a special color ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's gon na be somewhere that it can be seen . and we think that each of these are so distinctive , that itit 's not just like another piece of technology around your house . we were we were talking about that a little bit but um the f the um feature that we considered for it not getting lost . so we 're we 're not thinking that it 's gon na be as critical to have the loss would it be very difficult to um just have an external device that like i dunno , you tape to your to your t _ v _ um that when you press it a little light beep goes off ? i think it would be difficult technologically , and then i wonder if it 's if it 's more just a gimmick then anything else . there might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something , but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon . um weso we do we 've decided not to worry about that for now . 'causewell , the designs are very bright , so you 're right , they 're gon na stick out ,", "summary": "problems: whether or not to have a feature which helps find the remote when it is misplaced ."}
