{"dialogue": "we said we were gon na have a snowman shaped remote control with no l _ c _ d _ display , no need for talk-back , it was hopefully gon na be kinetic power and battery uh with rubber buttons , maybe backlighting the buttons with some internal l _ e _ d _ s to shine through the casing , um hopefully a jog-dial , and incorporating the slogan somewhere as well . um , there are a few changes we 've made . um , well look at the expense sheet , and uh it turned to be quite a lot expensive to have open up and have lots of buttons and stuff inside , this is gon na be an l _ c _ d _ screen , um just a a very very basic one , very small um with access to the menu through the the scroll wheel and uh confirm uh , apart from that , it 's just pretty much the same as we discussed last time . the advanced functions are still hidden from you , but they 're hidden in the sense that um they 're not in use . um they 're in the l _ c _ d _ panel and the jog-dial ? the l _ c _ d _ panel just displays um functionally what you 're doing . if you 're using an advanced function right , like um c brightness , contrast , whatever , it will just say it might even be one , a bit more complex l _ c _ d _ panel with pictures like maybe the sun or the , you know , the the symbols of the various functions . that 's a number pad . where are we gon na have the slogan ? just like right inside there . <other> well <other> we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger so we reckon maybe that 'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand . so we 're talking about ten centimetres . we 're gon na have again the the sort of the foggy um yellow from last time that lit up when you pushed the button . this button um , because it 's red it 's sort of very prominent , we 're gon na use it as uhit can be the power button if you hold it for maybe two seconds it 'll send a stand-by signal . um apart from that it 's gon na be used as a confirm button for the l _ c _ d _ screen oh we 've discussed how h high it is , but how wide is it ? <laugh> be about th three and a half . what else can you do ? um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons . but um because we 've got the the l _ c _ d _ and the jog-dial we just thought we 'd um use that as the volume . um you can use it for um more advanced functions like contrast , colour and and what else do you do with the jog-dial ? um a lot of these things will have to be um free and open for users to define them . audio , we have like your basic y your base , your mid-range , your high range . left-right balance , um maybe even pre-programmed sound modes ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented their prototype and discussed the features the prototype contained ."}
{"dialogue": "we can now have a little look at the the excel sheet and price listing , and see if we need to um if we need to rethink anything at all . for this first part here power-wise , have we got battery ? we need an advanced chip i think , yep . we 've got push buttons as well . okay let 's just be safe and put like say four buttons for that one . the other thing could be that um you could take away the l _ c _ d _ panel and the advanced chip together , itit needs to be more than one big button because if you open up your phone , underneath there 's actually one button underneath , it 's just that the panel itself is a single panel . or the colours , you could take away s colours for th for the buttons . no can do .", "summary": "abstract: the team then looked at the production costs of the remote and had to decide which features to retain or lose in order to maintain the target cost ."}
{"dialogue": "no . do we have kinetic as well ? and that 's because of cost restraints is it ? yep . i think we 're gon na have to skip the rubber . um so then these just become normal coloured buttons , and now we 're under budget .", "summary": "abstract: in maintaining the target cost , the team had to lose a number of features which they originally wanted , such as a kinetic battery , an lcd display , and various color options ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning , and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan , so to sort of b bring together two things , sort of design goals and also the market research that we had , uh when we rate this , one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low , and um we 've been asked to uh to collectively rate this , so the first one uh , stylish look and feel . i rate that pretty highly . okay let 's go with five then . let 's go with two point five then . high tech innovation . so we 've had to remove a few of our features we wanted , but jog-dial yeah about three , okay . style reflects a fruit inspired colour , design . okay , the blue the blue colours anddo n't re do n't actually represent the colour , the the yellow is more representative of the colour , so we 'll go two . and um design is simple to use , simple in features . i mean i 'd give that nearly a one . um , <other> soft and spongy , have we achieved that ? we 've used mostly plastic in the end so it 's going to be quite a bit of a compromise for price . yeah i think it 's about five . logo , we 've got it in there , have n't we ? and um it 's within budget , yep .", "summary": "abstract: the team then evaluated the prototype on the basis of its appearance , technological innovation , and spongy quality ."}
{"dialogue": "out of forty nine with with zero being the highest . we are at uh two , seven , eight , ten , fifteen point five . so it 's pretty good .", "summary": "abstract: the prototype did fairly well in the evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "uh well next up then , because we 've done finance , is the project evaluation . um well do you wan na um just individually say what you think about about these four points and <other> well d do you feel though that that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into the thing ? yeah , yeah it feels as though the creativity goes on when we leave , and then we come here and then we kind of put out our ideas and then , you know . but i do n't i do n't think it means the room as in this room . so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual we 're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology , but build something for twelve and a half pounds , answering the question uh in those terms i 'd say that actually there 's sort of a tease of creativity i think another point is that the meetings um are more brainstorming sessions than meetings , the constraints do come in very fast . it 's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right , got ta cut everything out 'cause we do n't have enough money . and i think the fact that we 're wearing these things restricts it it it does actually you know affect how , w whether you feel comfortable to communicate . and and the time the time given also restricts in in reality i think here the the different elements of leadership such as the the original b briefing and then the personal coach and the and then you know having having you with yourthe meeting agenda is actually quite a quite a <other> quite a con confining framework to work within . and so it is leadership almost to the point of sort of disempowering the the the team member , so but it 's not bad leadership , it 's just sort of s fairly strong , you know . i think the interactions are very structured . so you think maybe a little too controlling or yeah , oh yeah , without without a doubt . i do n't think there 's a sense of control 'cause all the decisions have been made in terms of a , like a consensus right , we go around and we think about it , uh what about teamwork ? uh , reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting . i think the whiteboard , for me , is the kind of thing i would use all the time , maybe just in the way that we we use it , in the sense that once we have an idea out there or while work was going on in between meetings , that could have been up on a board uh you know as opposed to in like in text . i know that people who design cars and you know in aviation they quite often just have a simple like fibreglass prototype and it 's completely you know um abs abstract from the final product , but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and and point and discuss and in a way everybody'sas we discuss things in thein theoretically and out of our notebooks , we 're actually just each of us discussing something that 's in each of our own minds . i think um the the focus of it a lot was the powerpoint as opposed to the to the whiteboard , and i think that m um is also does you know hinder us and things i think . and a lot of the information on the powerpoints , i do n't think , you know , we needed to actuallyit could have , we could have gone through itverbally , what about the digital pens , did you find them easy enough to use ? oh they 're a bit clunky . having to tick it before you go off was a bit hindering as well , but i think the pen is v is very intuitive , so i think the pen 's good . and o on the topic of the technology , it just occurred to me that we actually did n't need to move our computers because each computer has all of the files . we only actually needed one computer . and the computer may not um be conducive to a meeting because um you tend to look at your computer and wan na have the urge to check something , you know , well you know it 's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you 're told you must now work away from your team . , the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other . i think it was quite good that we had time limits on the meetings because they really could have run on i really thi i i think maybe if we 'd like all been working in the one room , and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c oh , i did learn something new , play-doh is useful . it is useful and in in in in in in in um conceptualizing , in being creative . like we were playing with the play-doh and the ideas came with the play-doh rather than with everything else . it becomes tangible .", "summary": "abstract: the team then conducted an evaluation of the project process ."}
{"dialogue": "answering the question uh in those terms i 'd say that actually there 's sort of a tease of creativity we 're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology , but build something for twelve and a half pounds , so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual the constraints do come in very fast . it 's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right , got ta cut everything out 'cause we do n't have enough money . uh , reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting . if we could just go up to somebody outside the meeting and have a quick talk with them , that would 've been a lot easier . i think the tools that they were given , the tool set that were given to us are fancy but they do n't support collaboration , i think that 's the word . i mean sort of taking upon that idea , w the way i see this i is that it 's uh the the s the structure in which we 've we 've approached this whole task is quite contrary to the p principle of teamwork because the the tasks were d d sort of um divided , and then the work went on in isolation , the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other . well you know it 's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you 're told you must now work away from your team . i really thi i i think maybe if we 'd like all been working in the one room , and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c", "summary": "abstract: the team felt that their creativity was hindered by the project budget and their inability to discuss the project outside of their meetings and that the structure of the task did not foster teamwork ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "no . do we have kinetic as well ? and that 's because of cost restraints is it ? yep .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not contain a kinetic battery ."}
{"dialogue": "the other thing could be that um you could take away the l _ c _ d _ panel and the advanced chip together ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a regular chip ."}
{"dialogue": "so we want double-curved ?", "summary": "decisions: the case will be double-curved ."}
{"dialogue": "we 've got push buttons as well .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have push buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "the other thing could be that um you could take away the l _ c _ d _ panel and the advanced chip together ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not feature an lcd display ."}
{"dialogue": "so when we scroll we need just some way to get the t _ v _ to respond ,", "summary": "decisions: the display will be on the television instead of on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "um so then these just become normal coloured buttons ,", "summary": "decisions: the buttons will be normal colored ."}
{"dialogue": "square buttons ? yeah", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have square buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're w w quite far over . something 's gon na have to go . um we 're at sixteen point eight and", "summary": "problems: meeting the target cost ."}
