{"dialogue": "hi everybody and welcome to our kick-off meeting um for our new product that we 're gon na be designing . um i 'm mandy and i 'm the project manager . and i know all your names again , courtney , fenella and amber . okay , here is our agenda for this meeting . um tool training , we 're going to , i guess , figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles . um we 're gon na make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting . we 're gon na make a new remote control that 's um original , trendy and also user-friendly . we 're gon na havediscuss the functional design first , <other> how is it gon na be used , what 's the actual goal here , it has to operate t _ v _ , blah blah blah . and we 're going to do individual work on that and then meet . same thing with conceptual design . and then the detailed design , just more in-depth , get the actual schematics of the remote .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group and gave an agenda for the project as a whole ."}
{"dialogue": "first we 're gon na start off by using our tools . i think we should forgo the whiteboard since we ca n't actually see what we 're writing . um right now so we 're all gon na draw our favourite animal and then sum up our favourite characteristics of that animal .", "summary": "abstract: she then introduced a tool training exercise to acquaint the group with the meeting-room tools and to help them get to know each other ."}
{"dialogue": "um the selling price for our remote is going to be twenty-five euro , and our profit aim is fifty million euro . we 're going to make this an international product marketed in the states , in europe , in asia . and um our production cost to make that profit is gon na be a max of twelve fifty euro per remote .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then presented the project budget to the group and presented the projected profit aim , the production cost , and the price point of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "um here are some topics that we might be able to discuss . expe our experiences with remote controls um , our first ideas about this new remote , anything that you can bring to the table for this project . well , we wan na make a multifunctional remote ,", "summary": "abstract: the group then began a discussion about features of remote controls and their ownexperiences with them ."}
{"dialogue": "it needs to be compatible 'cause universal remote controls are never universal . and um another thing that i think is important is the d the design of the product , how it feels in your hand . they want the ergonomic ones . if it 's just flat and kind of boring th those don'tnobody wants to buy those any more . what kinda battery would we want to use ? double a _ . so double or triple ? it 's okay , we do n't have to decide about it now ,", "summary": "abstract: they discussed making the remote universally compatible and ergonomically-designed , and types of batteries to use ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to work on the internal working design of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer was told to work on the technical function design , and the marketing expert was instructed to research the needs of users ."}
{"dialogue": "you 're going to think about the working design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the internal working design ."}
{"dialogue": "and u _ i _ d _ , the technical fun functions design ,", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the technical function design ."}
{"dialogue": "and the marketing person , that 's courtney , is going to do the user requirements specification .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will research user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: na ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
