{"dialogue": "the function <other> of a remote control , as what uh we 've been informed , is basically to send messages to the television set , for example , switch it on , switch it off , go to this channel , go to channel nine , turn the volume up , etcetera . whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen , things like that , all the more complicated functions of menus . and we can decide if that 's what we want , , um if we want to include that on the remote , if that 's something that would stay on the t _ v _ itself , for example . these are two examples . um and you can see on the left , it 's got a lot more buttons , and then on the right , it 's a lot more simpler , and then lastly , it 's just the questions that we want to consider like what functions do we want it to include , and how simple , complex it should be ?", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented the basic functions of the device and discussed the designs of two existing products , showing an example of the simple design that the group wants to implement ."}
{"dialogue": "now we have courtney with the functional requirements . okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab , and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire , seventy five percent think they 're ugly . eighty percent wantthey'veare willing to spend more , which is good news for us um if we make it look fancier , and we need we need it to be simple , yet it needs to be high-tech looking . so what do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user , like they have to press the buttons . i i think it 's like the engineering versus user , <other> and so people say that they typically lose it , and r _ s _ i _ , i 'm not very sure what that is . do we really need t to provide more information on what r _ s _ i _ is ? uh yeah , that 's what my web site said , i think that we should go with something that 's more user-friendly . and also we foundour team found that speech recognition isit 's like an up-and-coming thing <other> did n't theyum did n't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the t _ v _ and it wouldthe remote would beep so if you have lost it we could definitely include that if we wanted to .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented feedback from users , showing that users want a simple but fancy-looking remote control and that young users want speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "and users do n't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there , because they only use ten percent of the buttons really .", "summary": "abstract: she discussed including only the most basic functions in the interface ."}
{"dialogue": "'kay . uh i did n't get a chance to complete this one , 'cause some of the tools that i was given were frustrating . um extra functions will probably need an additional chip . um power source , i figured , batteries , typically a remote has either two double a _ s or four triple a _ s , sometimes three . so a large on-off button would probably be good .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented her internal design of the device and discussed the processor chip and the energy sources that will be integrated ."}
{"dialogue": "um extra bulb could just be for flashiness , but the other bulb , i think , is good to just to indicate , i 'm doing something , it 's sort of like a reassurance . like that we know the battery 's working .", "summary": "abstract: she suggested integrating an extra lightbulb that lit up when the remote was communicating with the television ."}
{"dialogue": "new product requirements . first it 's only going to be a t _ v _ remote . so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . but it 's becoming out-dated now , because of the internet . nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news , so no d _ v _ d _ , no tivo , no stereo .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager gave the group new requirements for the product design ."}
{"dialogue": "would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? because i think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically non-technically challenged people are gon na use it . so we 're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed marketing the product to a wide range of customers ."}
{"dialogue": "we we need a like homing device . and on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it 's got a charger , and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you . well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery . rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually . if we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic . it 's really the people twenty five to thirty five . and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too .", "summary": "abstract: they had a discussion about possibly including a locator function and speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "and do n't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . we could just have the logo in yellow , or maybe a yellow light for the keys . if you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottomthe base of it , just like yellow with the r _ r _ . well , do we wan na include the numbers like zero through nine ? well , we definitely need those . so we 've simplified , we do n't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , or no menu buttons . so we 've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ? i think that that 's fine just for the t _ v _ . you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed integrating the company 's yellow color and logo into the design , and decreasing the number of buttons in the main interface ."}
{"dialogue": "the i _ d _ is going to work on the components concept , um u _ i _ d _ the user interface concept , and you 're going to do some trend watching .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to prepare the components concept , the user interface designer to prepare the interface concept , and the marketing expert to prepare a trendwatching report ."}
{"dialogue": "the i _ d _ is going to work on the components concept ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will prepare the components concept for the device ."}
{"dialogue": "um u _ i _ d _ the user interface concept ,", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will prepare the interface concept for the device ."}
{"dialogue": "and you 're going to do some trend watching .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare a trendwatching report ."}
{"dialogue": "we need a power source , we 're gon na need a smart chip if we 're gon na make it multi-functional .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a smart processor chip to accomodate all of the remote 's functions ."}
{"dialogue": "but the other bulb , i think , is good to just to indicate , i 'm doing something , it 's sort of like a reassurance . like that we know the battery 's working .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature an extra lightbulb that will light up when the remote is communicating with the television ."}
{"dialogue": "well , should it be larger buttons in general , i think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles .", "summary": "decisions: the interface will contain larger buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? because i think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically non-technically challenged people are gon na use it .", "summary": "decisions: the device will be marketed to all age groups , and made simple for those with less technical skills ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature mainly basic functions , such as channel changing and volume adjustments , so that the interface will have less buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "so no d _ v _ d _ , no tivo , no stereo . so we 've simplified , we do n't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , or no menu buttons . so we 've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers so we just have it likeadd a menu button then for the various things needed ,", "summary": "decisions: there will be no buttons for controlling a vcr or other device ; the interface will feature only channel and volume up / down buttons , a number pad , and a menu button to access the menu functions on a television ."}
{"dialogue": "and do n't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will include the company color and logo in its design ."}
{"dialogue": "and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . we we need a like homing device .", "summary": "decisions: the group will consider including speech recognition and a locator function in the functional design ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
