{"dialogue": "okay , so trend watching . fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like , fancy versus functional , and then it has to also be technologically innovative , and yet easy to use . so the customer basically is confused . um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year . um we need easy to read like large buttons , clearly labelled", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented more information on user requirements which showed that users wanted the look of a high-tech device that was still simple to use ."}
{"dialogue": "so in milan and paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing , shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns . um . but as for the fruits and vegetable patterns , i do n't know if we really want to go with that ,", "summary": "abstract: she presented the fruit and vegetable fashion trend that the group will integrate into their design ."}
{"dialogue": "looking at the interface concept , it 's gon na be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this . um uh ca n't really see , but there 's two possible ways , on the r left , if you see on th on the sides of of the remote , you have the sort of scroll down , and then on the right , we have what 's really big trend right now , it 's the ipod . and it 's sort of like you have the bothkind of trendy and hip , but also very sleek and um and very simple , but technologically advanced . um there 's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight . for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you 're looking at the up and down arrow . um this is particularly geared towards children . um and you have the shapes and it 's very simplistic and friendly looking . and then down at the bottom you have the logos and that 's where you could put the r _ r _ , real reaction . <cough> <other> but it 's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying , well out of this one we like , you know the round section of um , b or we 'd like the the button size on this .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented several ideas for the interface design taken from existing product designs ."}
{"dialogue": "so basic remote operation runs as follows , we need rubber for buttons , aluminium for battery y contacts , integrated circuit which consists of a diode , transistor , resonator , resistors , and a capacitator , um contact discs for the buttons , plastic for the casing , and a power-source , whatever power-source we 've actually determined we want . they suggested power options , solar cells , hand dynamo , and kinetic power , um i 'm not sure how the hand dynamo works , we can offer options for casing such as straight , curved , double-curved , you know , very specific to the customer . <other> um certain restrictions do apply here though . and uh so youfunctions whatfor the buttons , scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves . um the manufacturing division also has said that um <other> they have several types of chips and they 've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip , which we could utilise . um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the necessary internal components and presented options for energy sources and materials ."}
{"dialogue": "let me just add one more thing that i could n't say before , and that 's just that there 's the new technology that they 've developed on the voice recognition . um there 's a sample sensor and there 's a sample speaker unit for so , you would say like , good morning , coffeemaker , and it would respond , good morning , jill , i 'm not sure exactly how it 's gon na work , 'cause do you programmedo we program the responses and the questions . i feel like voice recognition would be , i do n't know , w it would be too hard to really", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer also presented the sample speaker technology recently developed by the company ."}
{"dialogue": "i feel like voice recognition would be , i do n't know , w it would be too hard to really if it 's within our price to get that kind of chip that would , you know , technology but , i guess , we have to look at w what <other> our production cost is for the chip itself anyway . let 's let 's see if we can decide what kind of energy source we want to have first and foremost . um . it 's not gon na be a huge universal remote . 'cause it still fits in your hand , so you still wanted something that 's comfortable and substantial , but not necessarily full of buttons . if we do a voice-activated locator , though , we 're gon na be looking at a more substantial chip . okay , so what kind of material do we want to be made out of ? i do n't think wood is a viable option . 'cause i was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium , i i think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now . i 'm not sure that we 'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of are we gon na go with the voice activated uh and what size batteries , double a _ , triple a _ ? or we could do one small lithium , i ki i kind of <other> like your idea about the retro phone dial , 'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle , then is it gon na get wider than your your hands are , because w and then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it ? which i think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side , well , the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side . well i sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the r _ r _ like that . i think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though , or if we 're going for the retro look , i think , like a really shiny black would be cool . or like a gun-metal grey , i 'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button . it 'll wear off . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group had a discussion to finalize the prototype features ."}
{"dialogue": "honestly , i think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base i think if we had a a locating device with the small one , i think that seems way more advanced .", "summary": "abstract: it was decided that the device will be small with a locator function instead of having a charging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we should just do um the recognition for when it 's lost , you know . because people could just be talking and we do n't want it going off all the time .", "summary": "abstract: voice recognition will not be included outside of the locator function ."}
{"dialogue": "uh since we 're going with batteries instead of solar power , i 'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . um we could do f a cherry cover for this year so we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could <other> give two latex covers to start .", "summary": "abstract: it will be covered by interchangeable latex casings ."}
{"dialogue": "so i was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . like a little cut-out kind of um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow .", "summary": "abstract: to incorporate the company logo and color , the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through the latex casings ."}
{"dialogue": "the i _ d _ is going to do the look and feel design , the u _ i _ d _ the user interface design . okay , and right now , the i _ d _ and u _ i _ d _ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . i think you 're going to get a lot of , i mean , the final say on what buttons get put", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to build the prototype , with the user interface designer deciding which buttons will be included ."}
{"dialogue": "'kay . and you 're gon na do some product evaluation .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "the u _ i _ d _ the user interface design . the i _ d _ is going to do the look and feel design , okay , and right now , the i _ d _ and u _ i _ d _ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . i think you 're going to get a lot of , i mean , the final say on what buttons get put", "summary": "action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to build the prototype ; the user interface designer will decide which buttons will be included and the industrial designer will focus on the look and the materials ."}
{"dialogue": "'kay . and you 're gon na do some product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "i i think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now . i 'm not sure that we 'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of", "summary": "decisions: there will be only one design of the remote rather than producing it in several different materials ."}
{"dialogue": "because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . uh since we 're going with batteries instead of solar power , i 'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , um we could do f a cherry cover for this year so we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could <other> give two latex covers to start .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be covered by a soft latex casing that can be changed ."}
{"dialogue": "i think if we had a a locating device with the small one , i think that seems way more advanced .", "summary": "decisions: the device be small and compact and will feature a locator function that uses voice recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we should just do um the recognition for when it 's lost , you know . because people could just be talking and we do n't want it going off all the time .", "summary": "decisions: voice recognition will not be incorporated for other functions ."}
{"dialogue": "so i was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . like a little cut-out kind of um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow .", "summary": "decisions: to incorporate the company logo and color , the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through a cutout in the latex casing ."}
{"dialogue": "not sure that we 'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of", "summary": "problems: several of the features that the group had wanted to include were no longer possible due to time and cost restraints , or constraints from the materials themselves ."}
