{"dialogue": "um , i 'm abigail claflin . and i guess we should all get acquainted <laugh> . so this is our kick off meeting . um hi i 'm chiara , i 'm the um marketing expert . <other> i 'm stephanie and i am the user interface designer . i 'm krista and i 'm the industrial designer .", "summary": "abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other ."}
{"dialogue": "um so f here 's our agenda for today . um we 're gon na do some tool training , project plan and discuss then close . so our aim is to produce a remote control that is original , trendy and user friendly . right . functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . so throughout our next couple of meetings we 'll we 'll be covering these things .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager discussed the goals for the project and gave an agenda for the project as a whole ."}
{"dialogue": "um <other> so we 're gon na try out our white board . so you want us to draw it and then talk about it ? or just draw it ? i think both . <laugh> we ought to decide who starts and <laugh> all that .", "summary": "abstract: the group practiced using the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard ."}
{"dialogue": "our selling price goal is twenty five euro and profit aim is fifty million euro . um , and we will hope to sell this internationally . how many should we sell then ? well it 's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty , that 'll do four million .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the projected profit and price point ."}
{"dialogue": "experience with remote control . um , i think one thing is that it should be easy to find i mean you always know where your t _ v _ is , so just have a call button , so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control . um or even amaybe a vib a vibrating thing . what if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it i mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base . but even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing , a pretty object attached to the wall . do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose , or does that not factor in ? hand-sized . i also think though that it should n't have too many buttons , but like , i do n't know you , just have like eight thousand buttons and you 're like , no , you never use half of them . so . but what if it had like a little screen , so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions . so you can programme like your favourite channels , but , would you have the screen on the thing , or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen . so i think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen , i mean , we have to remember our budget is twelve pointtwelve fifty forto actually make the device . and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um water resistant . maybe something didn does n't make your hands sweat lot . maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it , like so you can clip it to your", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed their experiences with remote controls ."}
{"dialogue": "um , i think one thing is that it should be easy to find i mean you always know where your t _ v _ is , so just have a call button , so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control . um or even amaybe a vib a vibrating thing . what if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it i mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base . but even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing , a pretty object attached to the wall . do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose , or does that not factor in ? hand-sized .", "summary": "abstract: they complained that remotes got lost too easily , and suggested using a locator function ."}
{"dialogue": "i also think though that it should n't have too many buttons , but like , i do n't know you , just have like eight thousand buttons and you 're like , no , you never use half of them . so . but what if it had like a little screen , so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions . so you can programme like your favourite channels , but , would you have the screen on the thing , or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen . so i think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen , i mean , we have to remember our budget is twelve pointtwelve fifty forto actually make the device .", "summary": "abstract: they also complained that remotes had too many buttons , and suggested incorporating a screen to simplify the interface but retain all of the functions ."}
{"dialogue": "and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um water resistant . maybe something didn does n't make your hands sweat lot . maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it , like so you can clip it to your", "summary": "abstract: they also suggested making the remote water-resistant and including a clip ."}
{"dialogue": "the industrial designer , <laugh> um is going to be looking more into the working design . user interface designer . i guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w so technical function . what is technical functions exactl <other> what effect should the thing ha should it have , and the m _ e _ , what does that stand for <laugh> ? m marketing , right . um <laugh> . so we 'll be working on the user requirements , um", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to research the working design and components , the user interface designer to research the technical functions , and the marketing expert to research user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "the industrial designer , <laugh> um is going to be looking more into the working design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will research the working design and components ."}
{"dialogue": "user interface designer . i guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w so technical function .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will research the technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 'll be working on the user requirements , um marketing , right . um <laugh> .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will research user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: na ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
