{"dialogue": "in order to see what the functional requirements were to be found , um a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory custome customers and users do n't like the way remote controls look , they do n't like the way they feel , they do n't think they match their operating behaviour , and an example is what we were talking about , the buttons , they only use ten per cent of the buttons , i do n't know what r _ s _ i _ means . so the most important buttons are those to do with channel selection . yeah so and and people like to zap a lot apparently , channel selection , teletext , volume , and power . the other ones are the settings , and they 're used less thanyou know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour , and this means that i think we can we could have like a a button for all the settings , about the screen , and speech recognition , some people are more willing than others to actually pay for that . and if we look at the market , f people from well from fifteen to thirty five year old year olds , um ninety one to seventy six percent of people in that age range are willing to pay more for this sort of product , while people that are above thirty five years ol um years old go from thirty five percent to eight percent , but i think that the people that actually do buy remotes m more are those like teenagers and young professionals and um , most likely ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert gave a presentation about user requirements as shown through a usability study and demonstrated that only a small number of functions on a remote were used with frequency ."}
{"dialogue": "and i think we should design according to these buttons .", "summary": "abstract: she suggested focusing the interface design on the most frequently used functions ."}
{"dialogue": "this my presentation about the uh technical functions design and i basically just tried to focus on um <other> just what what functions we need and how to make that the best function for the user . and okay so basically um <other> i think i uh like it is really important that we sort of get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way . you know keeping buttons together thatlike close together that um <other> are used in the same way , keeping the number of buttons the uh leas you know to a minimum , um but basically we need to make sure that it turns on and off the t _ v _ . or do we need to have like functions for cable or v _ c _ r _ ? <other> i just thought that these two remotes were pretty boring , and i think we can find something that 's more fun to look at and use than either of those . uh but i mean i think we sh can sort of think about things like um <other> like colour and you know size , shapes , that sort of thing , to best fit the user .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented some questions that should be considered in making the device user-friendly and displayed two existing remote controls for comparison ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so this is on the working design , which is sort of the uh mechanical functions of the remote , um so i think we need two basic functions which is just the basic remote functions , the user can input a channel or volume setting and it will be output to the t _ v _ . and also we talked about um a location function where maybe you could press a button on the t _ v _ and it would send sort of signal to the remote where it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell you where the remote is . so the components we need are an energy source to power the remote , processor to take the information , and we also need something on the remote that would receive the location signal and have an output , like possibly a beep or a vibration . um so my personal preferences for how to build the remote would probably be uh , battery for the energy source , um a button pad for input , i _ r _ transmitter to communicate to the t _ v _ , and i 'd probably say a buzzer for the location function on the remote itself .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the necessary internal components and how they operated together , and presented her preferences for the type of each component to be used ."}
{"dialogue": "and then i just wan na mention some new project requirements that came in . um , teletext is apparently outdated , so <laugh> due to internet popularity , so that 's off the list . um , also our remote should be used only for television , um , um and also we need to incorporate our corporate image onto this ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager gave the group several new requirements for the project ."}
{"dialogue": "so we need to make some decisions on the remote control functions . so do we wan na go ahead and design this thing with the finder button ? it 's easy to implement . but uh i mean speech recognition is really hard to programme , if you consider our budget , to h have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey . and i was thinking , i _ r _ is line of sight , so unless the remote is like actually in front of the t _ v _ it 's not gon na work , um so probably like a radio signal like on a on a cell phone . yeah , so it would be a two part package . do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to p hang on the wall we probably leave that . so then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range , you do n't need a light . and like if the if the phone 's under the couch , you might not see the light , so then it can live anywhere . like um if you can yeah if you can call it then it 's", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed several product features and decided that the remote will feature a locator function and will not feature speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "'cause that that is something we have to decide , is whether we want to have v _ c _ r _ capabilities . and and if we 're if we 're targeting young professionals and teenagers , i mean it 's gon na be d _ v _ d _ type , that 's the the technology these days .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed whether or not the remote should control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "i think still though , it should n't be that hard to takelike just reduce the number of buttons you know , like 'cause if you just have like one menu button , that works like with a you know , or you can just kind of scroll through the options u that come up on the t _ v _ . so we definitely want a power button and numbers . that sort of like joystick flat touch thing , yeah . but do you need a screen then , do you have to have a screen then ? you can have the number on the telly going like one two three four five once you scroll and then if you actually just want to zap , you can have like a thing <other> like that , and that , and then it can just be plus and minus . well y you have to you have to like be able to change the function of it to like w right if you 're on the channel let 's say , then you press on the middle and then if you do that again the volume goes up , and if you do that it goes down . like it could be a cool sort of you know , because it could be circular , you know , or something weird like that , just sobut i 'm saying like , does it make sense to have like some kind of a button , so like you'reif you 're on t _ v _ , like you can switch channels , but then if uh if you 're on d _ v _ d _ then like the channel bu like the the region of the disc that was for channels is for like switching to different tracks", "summary": "abstract: they discussed important button functions to include and increasing usability by incorporating a scroll wheel in the design ."}
{"dialogue": "but the only thing is like , ipods are so expensive , i do n't think it 's the wheel dealy . um so everyone 's gon na go finish their questionnaire , uh then when we come back after lunch we 'll have thirty minutes of individual work , um yeah , so think about the things we 've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the other participants to fill out a questionnaire and to work on their individual presentations for the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "um so everyone 's gon na go finish their questionnaire ,", "summary": "action: all participants will fill out a questionnaire after the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "uh then when we come back after lunch we 'll have thirty minutes of individual work , um yeah , so think about the things we 've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting .", "summary": "action: the designers and the marketing expert will work on their individual presentations ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's easy to implement . so do we wan na go ahead and design this thing with the finder button ? um so probably like a radio signal like on a on a cell phone . yeah , so it would be a two part package .", "summary": "decisions: a locator device separate from the remote will be incorporated into the design , which will operate with radio signal ."}
{"dialogue": "if you consider our budget , to h have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey .", "summary": "decisions: speech recognition will not be used ."}
{"dialogue": "so then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range ,", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that their target marketing group would be mostly teenagers and young professionals ."}
{"dialogue": "do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to p hang on the wall we probably leave that .", "summary": "decisions: there will not be a stand in which the remote is placed when not in use ."}
{"dialogue": "like um if you can yeah if you can call it then it's then it can live anywhere .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that the locator function eliminated the need for this component ."}
{"dialogue": "you do n't need a light . and like if the if the phone 's under the couch , you might not see the light , so", "summary": "decisions: the locator function will not involve an led indicator ; the remote will simply emit a sound when located ."}
{"dialogue": "so we definitely want a power button and numbers .", "summary": "decisions: the main interface will include a power button ."}
{"dialogue": "like it could be a cool sort of you know , because it could be circular , you know , or something weird like that , just that sort of like joystick flat touch thing , yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the main interface will include a scroll wheel function in place of a number pad ."}
{"dialogue": "um , how do i put this so what happens it does n't work ? could you just plug it back into hers the cable might be a little loose or something . okay so now i need to press f _ eight , what is it ? what 's function ?", "summary": "problems: some of the group members had difficulties with their computers in opening their presentations ."}
{"dialogue": "you know actually our our new project requirements , i 'm not sure if they meant o onl use only for television as in not for d _ v _ d _ or just not internet type things . so i 'll i 'll check that and update you on the next", "summary": "problems: the new requirements from the management regarding use with multiple devices were unclear ."}
