{"dialogue": "um , i 'll just review what we did in our last meeting . um , <other> under marketing we targeted our audience , um , then we considered some design options with how it should look ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 've been looking at the components design . um , so we need some custom design parts , and other parts we 'll just use standard . um , i assume we 'll be custom designing our case , and we 'll need to custom desi design a circuit board , um , standard parts include the buttons and the wheels , um the ipod-style wheel . and al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote . um , i 'd recommend against titanium um , and the rubber case requires rubber buttons , so if we definitely want plastic buttons , we should n't have a rubber case . <laugh> uh , well we can use wood . <laugh> i do n't know why we 'd want to .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gave her presentation on components and discussed which would have to be custom-made and which were standard ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we can use rubber , plastic , wood or titanium . um and also we should note that if we want an ipod-style wheel button , it 's gon na require a m qu slightly more expensive chip .", "summary": "abstract: she also discussed the various materials and chips available ."}
{"dialogue": "um , can i do next ? 'cause i have to say something about the material and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion uh , fancy look and feel . um . next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that . and th last thing is the easy to use um factor . um , our fashion-watchers in milan and paris have decided , well noticed , that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the <laugh> is the current trend so we want to put the fashion electronics , we need to go fruit and vegetables . and also go for a spongy feel , i do n't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that 's the way to go . um . i i have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and i prefer fruits to vegetables , should we print the fruit stuff , or should the actual remote look like a fruit ?", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented current trends in the market and in fashion ."}
{"dialogue": "um , our fashion-watchers in milan and paris have decided , well noticed , that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the <laugh> is the current trend so we want to put the fashion electronics , we need to go fruit and vegetables . and also go for a spongy feel , i do n't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that 's the way to go . um . i i have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and i prefer fruits to vegetables , should we print the fruit stuff , or should the actual remote look like a fruit ?", "summary": "abstract: she discussed the current fruits and vegetables trend and the trend toward softer , spongier materials ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're gon na try to talk about , um <other> what kind of uhhow people are actually going to be using this ipod-ish remote control , based on fruit vegetable design . and , um , basically , so , this is a touched ba a touch-based graphical interface system . <other> uh , so people are going to be looking at this little screen . i mean i assume , are we still on the screen idea ? it seems like you would need a screen . but the screen can come up on the telly , theshe said . okay so if we 're not gon na have a screeni think so basically it 's just gon na be a wheel then ? i guess that 's wh why i was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen so that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if i can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the t _ v _ like what channel you 're on . i mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of , you know , range we need to have on the wheel , you have to get aan advanced chip if you wan na have a screen in , which is more expensive than the regular chip , which is more expensive than the minimal . that , like , then you hit that and then you canit brings up like the menu on the t _ v _ yeah , well we do n't want the screen i guess ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed the look of the remote with the group ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean i assume , are we still on the screen idea ? it seems like you would need a screen . but the screen can come up on the telly , theshe said . okay so if we 're not gon na have a screeni think so basically it 's just gon na be a wheel then ? i guess that 's wh why i was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen so that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if and then there 's also the concern about you know um <other> how do you get to the menu if you wan na change the brightness of your television , you have to get aan advanced chip if you wan na have a screen in , which is more expensive than the regular chip , which is more expensive than the minimal . yeah , well we do n't want the screen i guess ,", "summary": "abstract: they discussed including a touch-based graphical user interface but noted that it was unnecessary and costly ."}
{"dialogue": "i can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the t _ v _ like what channel you 're on . that , like , then you hit that and then you canit brings up like the menu on the t _ v _ but also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out ,", "summary": "abstract: they discussed using the menu function on the television instead ."}
{"dialogue": "and then there 's also the concern about you know um <other> how do you get to the menu if you wan na change the brightness of your television , so i guess we have to look into the , um , like , the programming , how thishow they actually programme these things , and if that's oh how they make the menu show up on the t _ v _ ? i believe it 's ins it 's got ta be inside the t _ v _ , not inside the remote .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed how the menu function would be programmed ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , if you 're thinking of the design of it now , like the a you know , physical attributes , i mean are you you gon na have any buttons on that besides power and this thing ? so can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before . like , i think we 're looking at something that could be , like like even maybe like a cir i 'm f i 'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing . w when we had the wheely remote control , weit was on the top i think , if you held it like that . what if , um , you had like a b a cover that went over buttons that you do n't use very much ? um you could just have covers and then your mobile f it 's like a mobile phone thing . and then there 's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is . and on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that 's on there . because i was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit , oh so so you 're saying the squishy part 's like detachable , so so maybe one you knowyou can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group then talked about the casing of the device , and decided that there would be a changeable outer casing ."}
{"dialogue": "you could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits . and on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that 's on there . so so maybe one you knowyou can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing <laugh> so where are the fruit and vegetables now ? i guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front , or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed including fruit colors in addition to the company colors ."}
{"dialogue": "but what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda if you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you 're actually holding in your hand , because i was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit , oh so so you 're saying the squishy part 's like detachable , so so maybe one you knowyou can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: some part of the casing will be made of a spongy material ."}
{"dialogue": "i think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case . uh we actually had an option of batteries , solar power , and um a dynamo , oh , a dynamo isah , < clicks fingers > it 's a bicycle . it 's a bicycle mechanism . yeah , the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you 'd basically have to wind it yourself . so i sort of picked battery . no . but dynamothe the fact with dynamo is , the moment you move it , it c it <other> creates energy on its own . so if you throw it , it 's gon na store loads of energy , and you do n't need to buy a battery 'cause they 're quite f i find them annoying . but we need to find cost . like the chip is probably the most expensive part .", "summary": "abstract: the group also discussed energy source options and chips ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to construct the prototype and the marketing expert to work on the prototype evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "oh when we move on , you two are going to be playing with play-dough .", "summary": "action: the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to construct the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "um , and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the interface and the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "and you 're gon na be doing protu product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "but what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a spongy material ."}
{"dialogue": "you could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits .", "summary": "decisions: the fruits and vegetables trend will be incorporated into the design by including fruit colors along with the company colors ."}
{"dialogue": "oh so so you 're saying the squishy part 's like detachable , and on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that 's on there .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a changeable outer casing ."}
{"dialogue": "if you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you 're actually holding in your hand , and then there 's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is . and on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that 's on there . see you 're thinking , it 's weird , you 're thinking the opposite of me because i was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit , oh so so you 're saying the squishy part 's like detachable , so so maybe one you knowyou can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing <laugh>", "summary": "problems: the group wanted to include a changeable outer casing but could not decide whether the spongy or the hard plastic component should be the removable casing ."}
{"dialogue": "but we need to find cost . does anyone have costs on the on the web ? all it said was it gave sort of relative , some chips are more expensive than others , sort of things . it did n't give me any actual cost .", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of information on the cost of several components ."}
