{"dialogue": "last time we discussed the squishy fruitiness of <laugh> our remote controls and how we might pursue that . um and we also talked about materials we 'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "so our design looks something like this . this being the wheel that you use to uh change channels or volume or whatever . and uh the base of the remote control , which has a squishy spongy rubbery feel , is interchangeable . so you can change the colour , according to yourto suit your living room or whatever . you could change the vegetable , or fruit . it 's trendy fruit , it 's not just ordinary fruits . and then people will be encouraged to buy three or five of them , because they 'll need to switch 'em out . it 's been a little bit difficult to um make sure that it 's hand-holdable ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype and displayed the changeable fruit- and vegetable-shaped covers ."}
{"dialogue": "well the locator is just chip that 's inside there . and the beeper 's also inside there too somewhere so you have to have a button on your on youryou have to attach the button to the yeah we havethat that has yes yet to be designed . yeah that c hey that that could you know match the handset .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed the locator function that will be designed at a later time ."}
{"dialogue": "um if you wan na look in your project documents folder , there 's an excel spreadsheet . um the only one that 's in there , production costs . <laugh> but if i missed anything that we 've gone over , or if you see something that has changed <other> i said uncurved or flat . my impression was that flat meant like like one of those square remotes . there 's plastic for that area around the button . um and lots of special colours actually . okay so that would make our total of eleven point nine , which is even less than twelve point five , which means we 'd be making even more of a profit .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager discussed the final production cost for the device , which totaled 11 . 9 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "right what happens is we have to um decide whether this this whole this whole project we 've been working on actually um meets the standards we were set at the start . and <other> we we have therefore in total umwe have fivewe have eleven points according to which this should be evaluated . true is one and and false is seven . i think if each of us gives an opinion then they can be mixed somehow . it'sif it 's fancy you put one , if it 's really unfancy it 's seven . apparently i 'm supposed to use the whiteboard . um is it necessary ? i do n't think so . we 'll just go in a circle . okay so do we just add it up and divide it by four ? i 'm i 'm sorry this was so tedious for everyone .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert led an evaluation of the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "and um the cri well basically the findings are the same as the evaluation criteria . i think if each of us gives an opinion then they can be mixed somehow . um we can do it separately and then discuss it we 'll just go in a circle . okay so do we just add it up and divide it by four ? so it 's a one was true and seven was false ? oh i thought it was the other way round . i thought it was the other way round too .", "summary": "abstract: each participant rated the prototype according to the original criteria for the project ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we should look at the ones that <other> like where s where people said four , whereum it looks like we might wan na discuss changing an aspect of the remote . well the worst ones were three point one . material <other> technologically innovative , batteries easy to insert for some reason , i think that 's not a problem any more . you could make the touch pad in th in different shapes , it might also sort of annoy people if we get used to having the buttons in one shape .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the areas in which the prototype did not meet these goals ."}
{"dialogue": "what if we just smash all the vegetables down flat ? 'cause some of these are not as easy to hold . i i personally do n't think this is comfortable to to sit there , like it 's an awkward position . although the broccoli is quite comfortable , i have to say ,", "summary": "abstract: the group felt that the changeable fruit and vegetable shapes were uncomfortable to hold ."}
{"dialogue": "we we chose the shape or the sh shape could be whatever we wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber . and just have the colour match or something . we could make it that shape but just have different colours , and call 'em the different fruits . and you couldlike if it 's like this , you could put fruit designs and stuff on that part . i bet having different colours is a lot cheaper than having different shapes too .", "summary": "abstract: the group decided to make changeable covers in fruit colors and designs and to use one uniform shape ."}
{"dialogue": "i guess we 're supposed to discuss um the prod the process of the project and how satisfied did you feel there was a lot of room for creativity in the sort of i felt like i was off-task all the time . what do you guys think of the pens ? they 're kinda hard to write with though .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed their experience on the project ."}
{"dialogue": "the prototype making was very creatively stimulating it was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute . um yeah , i thought we all worked very well together .", "summary": "abstract: they felt they worked well together and were creative ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> um and the means for likethe materials we used , how convenient were they ? well i 'm not a big fan of any microsoft , powerpoint or any of this stuff . but l but uh i di i thought that mythe information that was available to me was kind of just like it was kinda like okay , i do n't really thinki dunno what i 'm doing here . and i did n't really like the powerpoint presentations , my first bit of information was like this child 's drawn picture of how a remote works . 'cause my problem was , you guys had access to likethey 'd putsend you to sites and stuff yeah well mine was mostly made up but it must have been quite difficult for them to build a whole um", "summary": "abstract: they complained that the meeting-room materials were difficult to use , and some complained that there was not enough information provided to them ."}
{"dialogue": "so i guess we 're supposed to write final reports . all of us ? i do n't know . hmm . hmm . or is that just me ? <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed all participants to write a final report at the end of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> okay we have to fill in all this stuff . so i guess we 're supposed to write final reports .", "summary": "action: all participants will write a final report ."}
{"dialogue": "what if we just smash all the vegetables down flat ? 'cause some of these are not as easy to hold . i i personally do n't think this is comfortable to to sit there , like it 's an awkward position . although the broccoli is quite comfortable , i have to say ,", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that the fruit and vegetable shapes of the device were uncomfortable to hold ."}
{"dialogue": "we we chose the shape or the sh shape could be whatever we wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber . and just have the colour match or something . we could make it that shape but just have different colours , and call 'em the different fruits . and you couldlike if it 's like this , you could put fruit designs and stuff on that part . i bet having different colours is a lot cheaper than having different shapes too .", "summary": "decisions: they decided to produce the device in one uniform shape , with changeable covers in fruit colors and designs ."}
{"dialogue": "and i think we 've come up with a product that 's fun and meets all the criteria <other> . 'cause i mean we 've allwe all kind of agreed our product is satisfactory , it fits the budget , and it 's trendy .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that the final production cost and all of the other initial goals were met sufficiently to be able to continue with the project ."}
{"dialogue": "what if we just smash all the vegetables down flat ? 'cause some of these are not as easy to hold . i i personally do n't think this is comfortable to to sit there , like it 's an awkward position . although the broccoli is quite comfortable , i have to say ,", "summary": "problems: the group felt that the fruit and vegetable shapes of the remote were uncomfortable to hold ."}
{"dialogue": "well i 'm not a big fan of any microsoft , powerpoint or any of this stuff .", "summary": "problems: they complained that the meeting-room equipment was difficult to use ."}
{"dialogue": "but l but uh i di i thought that mythe information that was available to me was kind of just like it was kinda like okay , i do n't really thinki dunno what i 'm doing here . and i did n't really like the powerpoint presentations , my first bit of information was like this child 's drawn picture of how a remote works . 'cause my problem was , you guys had access to likethey 'd putsend you to sites and stuff yeah well mine was mostly made up but it must have been quite difficult for them to build a whole um", "summary": "problems: some participants complained that there was not enough information provided to them ."}
