{"dialogue": "welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group . um <other> i 'll briefly go through the uh notes of the of the last meeting we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour . um and and we s we saw that the um what we needed to do was to to make sure the device um controls several items , that switching was easy , that you should n't need to point the thing at uh anything in particular , um that it need to be contoured to make it interesting , that the keys might be concave , um should have interchangeable fascias um illuminated um and that people might want it as asin addition to their existing remote controls . and that it should n't be too small , mm that it it gets lost . um .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going through notes from the last meeting , recapping the topics covered ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll shortly ask for for three three presentations . uh before i do that , however , i will go through some new project requirements that umthe the management have placed on us um the uh the ma the management has had it 's own thoughts on this and uh the they do n't necessarily agree with with what we uh we thought . the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet . um and and they want it only to cover televisions . what is not q quite clear from their directive is whether they mean th they do n't want it to cover teletext or whether they do n't want it to cover , you know , videos , d _ v _ d _ s , um satellite boxes , which uhi mean we saw as being fundamental to the uh to the exercise . the um the actual wording of the directive is that it should cover television only . um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours . um the the logo uh being at b the bottom of the screen there , the the the two r _ s in grey against uh a yellow background . this does n't <other> necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market . um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , but uh um we we need to talk that through .", "summary": "abstract: he tells them some new project requirements given by management ."}
{"dialogue": "these are functionality requirements from theour our guys down in the the research lab . took hundred people and covered all the aspects of what um is needed by people and what they want to see . um <other> everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions arehow mu how how often they 're used and how much their necessary and stuff . and general opinions about current current remotes . see that , as we kinda noticed , seventy five percent of people find their remote controls ugly . uh along with um looking less ugly , if it looks better , eighty percent of people said they 'd spend more money on it . current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user . i kinda take that to mean as um <other> they they do n't uhthey , yeah , they only usethey only work for the television as in in my flat i 've got six remote controls for a stereo system , a digital box , a d _ v _ d _ player , a video player and t _ v _ . uh again , seventy five percent isseventy five percent of users say they zap a lot . fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons , we 'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext , but uh oh and we 're going to see uh on theuh that some of the functions like audio settings are n't h hardly ever used so i think maybe fewer buttons , which also make the design look sleeker , frustrations of like people losing remote control . maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the t _ v _ it would have to incorporate , but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control . maybe like it 'll beep or something . the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is and uh repetitive strain injury , i suppose we should make it more comfortable like i was saying about the whole micethe mouse idea of it feels more comfortable . maybe do n't even have to hold it as such . it also asked um if we wouldif people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would . and uh there was another section on ouron the report for uh l _ c _ d _ displays , but the data was n't there , i must say that um the uhi c ca n't remember what <other> um f you know phone service i was using the other day , but that had sorta speech recognition which worked uh remarkably well , and uh <laugh> it would cut out the r _ s _ i _ as well if you <laugh> possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design . i 've got some other things i could n't fit onto this presentation . uh functionality , uh like people 's opinions on functionality , the relevance to the remote and how often they 're used . like the power . using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on t _ v _ is a high relevance of nine , but it 's not frequently used . whereas channel selection , which is very high relevance is used the most .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about user functionality requirements taken from research of 100 people ."}
{"dialogue": "i was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use . maybe like uh a folding ledge or something . so that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings , and keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily uh i was just gon na say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use ? you could have the most <other> used buttons on top like the one that like slides back and the buttons are concealed underneath . if people really do n't use those buttons to any extent at all um <other> remove them altogether . i wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition , what we did n't have was what proportion of people using remotes were in those particular age groups . fortyno sorryfor forty five to fifty five age group , uh to put myself right in the middle of it , um u use remote controls to a great extent . again , we do n't know the relative proportionthe relative numbers in the age groups . if we wanted something different , truly different , then the buttonless remote control w would be it . the only problem i can think of with that is if you 've got a lot of people that do n't wan na be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls . but if you just lift it up and say , channel one or b _ b _ c _ you could just put it down once on top your t _ v _ and then it does n't matter where in the room you are , i can i can see technical problems with that in terms of the , you know , the sound from the television , because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh , you know , i _ t _ v _ and you 're watching b _ b _ c _ then then it might um change itself , so it probably needs to be umpossibly actually need a button on it or or something just to identify that you 've lifted it up and it 's use . w we need to s identify things that <other> people actually need and and it 's a function of frequency and relevance . if we can design something that that looks interesting , um incorporates the the logo and and the colours and um we can still have our interchangeable fascias even if it'sthe yellow and grey , um buttons or or buttons as an option . uh you were saying about um it couldtechnical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed we could maybe have like an activation if we want to make this so simple that anybody can walk into the room and lift it up and say i mean i 'm just thinking of the point of view of peop you could still like lose this remote . do you want to just carry on with i was just kinda wrapping up there . eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better , take out the limited functio functions but as for channel settings and stuff it might it might um turn people somewhe peop some people that want the whole functionality away . s s we couldwe could make it dual functionvoice recognition andstill have buttons on it um", "summary": "abstract: they discuss the possibility of making a remote that hides less frequently used buttons , one that uses voices recognition to eliminate buttons altogether , or one that combines the two functions ."}
{"dialogue": "this is just about the technical functions . the method , i looked online for examples of other similar products and then just kind of was trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas um and then there are two different kinds that i found . there 's a user centred one and an engineering centred one these are the two different ones . this one umthis is the user centred , it has uh quite a few mm uh um fewer buttons and then this is the engineering centred , which has a lot more buttons , what a remote control is is youit 's to send messages to the television set , turn on , off , switch the channels and the volume and things such as that . and so for this product it 's gon na be television only , and then it has to have the uh logos for my personal preferences , i think this one is easier to use and has quite ayou know , fewer buttons . um we want something that sends messages easily to the television and i was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top , then that would be easier . the unique style , maybe have it light up um the changeable face-plates , maybe to have a button on the television that you press and itmaybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that , when we were talking about havi losing it ,", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist presents , showing examples of two different products- one that is user-centered and another that is engineering-centered and giving personal preference to the simpler one because it is easier to use and has fewer buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll just do my presentation on the working design uh . uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system , the the t _ v _ or the d _ v _ d _ player or whatever . um and it does this uh bywell , you needto start off you need an energy source <other> and this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip and the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages uh within the remote um which will then be sent to the uh the television , the d _ v _ d _ to tell that what to do . um and you need a user interface , which controls the chip and thus the messages and uh the user interface isthat 's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it . um uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source , <other> uh some sort of user interface , which i think we 've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that . um a circuit chip within that to uh control and send the messages and um a sender and receiver . this is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we 're looking for . my personal preferences i i just think we need sorta big uh energy source that wo n't die out , uh perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery or a battery dock you could place it in , so you would n't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you . uh also definitely a user-friendly interface <other> um and i think we 've all sort of mentioned adding a a locating device on it ,", "summary": "abstract: next the industrial designer presents , explaining how a remote control works and giving personal preference to a remote which has a large energy source such as a rechargable battery or battery dock ."}
{"dialogue": "i think your point about the the big energy source is uh a very valid one . um i do n't suppose we 've got any statistics on the the life expectancy of uh remote controls , particularly sort of independent ones . you know , the number of things you buy these days , which you know , have a a a lithium whatever battery in , um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control , the the the battery will last know , five , ten years . uh uh p perhaps we should , know , reduce the uh , you know , the sort of moving parts even more by not even having a battery compartment just having one that 's guaranteed to last five to ten years ? it 's actually a marketing gimmick . it 's uh it 's totally practical . uh so i th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um uh unless you 're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it 's n by , you know , magnetic waves or whatever , it could have like uhknow like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time . i mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there , 'cause i only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies . <laugh> what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery ? uh . that sounds pretty good , yeah . do they make batteries that last that long ? but there are certainly things that you buy . i mean calculators for example . yeah , they have that little solar most of them , do n't they have sort of a combination of the two , when there is light , they 'll work off the light , and if there is n't , they 'll kick into this battery , so we can maybe do something like that i mean the the actual time that a remote control is actually operating i would think is i is is probably , you know , no more than minutes in its entire life . like like this um this uh market research thing says number of times per hour that it 's used , channel selection a hundred and sixty eight that does sound excessive .", "summary": "abstract: the group discusses using a battery that will last 5-10 years or a solar combined with a battery ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're looking at extreme simplicity . we 're looking at a radically different shape . possibly no buttons at all um , but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design , then then that 's fine . um i do n't see why we should n't go for voice recognition um and the the only buttons that i think we need are channel control , volume control and on off . and <other> there 's no reason why we ca n't introduce um interchangeable uh covers . <other> um it needs to incorporate the corporate logo , uh the the grey and yellow colour scheme <other> yeah . we are doing just the television . are we doing just the television so not d _ v _ d _ players , i think that 's quite clear from the the information that we 've been given , we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting ,", "summary": "abstract: they briefly review their discussions and close the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet .", "summary": "decisions: teletext no longer important given rise of internet and thus will not be used ."}
{"dialogue": "um and and they want it only to cover televisions .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be for television only ."}
{"dialogue": "um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours .", "summary": "decisions: device will incorporate company logo and colors ."}
{"dialogue": "um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , we 're looking at extreme simplicity .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be extremely simple ."}
{"dialogue": "rather than the uh the the traditional um something like this shape , sort of something that you canthat 's sort of a more vertical shape , uh uh uh l uh l such asi mean um something you hold up like that , we 're looking at a radically different shape .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be a radiaclly different shape ."}
{"dialogue": "s s we couldwe could make it dual functionvoice recognition andstill have buttons on it um and has quite ayou know , fewer buttons . if minimum number of buttons is our priority , then we should , as i say , r know , really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum , possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off . um and nothing else . but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design , then then that 's fine .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have few buttons , but the main ones such as channel , volume , on / off ."}
{"dialogue": "i can i can see technical problems with that in terms of the , you know , the sound from the television , the only problem i can think of with that is if you 've got a lot of people that do n't wan na be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls . i wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition , because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh , you know , i _ t _ v _ and you 're watching b _ b _ c _ then then it might um change itself , so it probably needs to be umpossibly actually need a button on it or or something just to identify that you 've lifted it up and it 's use . uh you were saying about um it couldtechnical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed we could maybe have like an activation um i do n't see why we should n't go for voice recognition", "summary": "problems: whether to use voice recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "the the the battery will last um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control , know , five , ten years . uh so i th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um uh unless you 're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it 's n by , you know , magnetic waves or whatever , it could have like uhknow like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time . i mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there , what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery ? uh . that sounds pretty good , yeah . do they make batteries that last that long ? but there are certainly things that you buy . i mean calculators for example . yeah , they have that little solar most of them , do n't they have sort of a combination of the two , when there is light , they 'll work off the light , and if there is n't , they 'll kick into this battery , so we can maybe do something like that", "summary": "problems: what type of battery to use - long-lasting ordinary battery or solar + regular battery ."}
{"dialogue": "and <other> there 's no reason why we ca n't introduce um interchangeable uh covers . <other> um the changeable face-plates ,", "summary": "problems: whether to use changable covers ."}
