{"dialogue": "thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group . um i 'll again very quickly uh just present some notes of that meeting . um <other> the the the problem with existing remote controls , we felt , was that they 're ugly um they 've got lots of buttons on them that uh people do n't use um and people lose them . um <other> that we 're <other> we should look at speech recognition rather than r rather than buttons , and that if we have any buttons they should be very few of them and only for those functions that are actually identified that that people use . um <other> we want to go for uh a long lasting battery and a shape that will be instantly recognisable , a _ um as uh a trendy remote control , and and b _ as uh a real reaction product . again um , i'llwe 'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you and then uh we 'll we 'll make a a final a final uh decision . um and the the decisions that we need to to make today , finally , are um what energy source we want to use , and uh i i think our discussion was around the fact that uh if we 're gon na go for uh a long lasting power supply , then basically it 's uh sealed for life umand uh this is where i need uh uh kate 's expert advice um d d do we go for a custom designed chip ? or or do we buy one off the shelf and and programme it ourselves ? <other> we we had some discussions last time as as to uh how we might go forward and we 'll we 'll finalise those uh da today . um and thi this is all linked in with the the the user interface , uh and then uh , you know , f for the next meeting kate will be looking at the the the s the look , feel and design , kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it and and andrew of course the the product evaluation . and uh kate and kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by recapping the discussions of the previous meeting , telling the group this meeting 's agenda , and stating what each person will do for the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll just be talking about the components design . basically i just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do . uh basically they wait for you to press a key or give a voice command and then this is translated uh into uh light signals which are then seen by the t _ v _ . uh the materials we 're gon na need to look atuh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator , uh two more resistors and a capacitor and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor . um . < makes tutting sounds > uh basically what happens is you 'll press a number or give a voice command and this creates a a connection within the the remote the chip then senses this connection and produces a signal in a morse code format . this signal 's sent to the transistor and then sends it on to the light emitting diode which is then trai changed into a infrared light as for how we should end up uh using this in our remote uh t couple of main questions are the buttons . uh y the fewer buttons you have , i guess the fewer internal connections and internal codes you 're gon na need . um however uh to n not have buttons or to use a voice commands instead of buttons might make these connections more difficult also we have to work within the company constraints , and the company has informed me via email that uh they 're experts at pushbuttons and that seems to be the most uh cost-effective way of producing it .", "summary": "abstract: then the industrial designer talks about the components design and explains exactly what remotes do and how they operate ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the materials we 're gon na need to look atuh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator , uh two more resistors and a capacitor and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor . um . < makes tutting sounds > uh basically what happens is you 'll press a number or give a voice command and this creates a a connection within the the remote the chip then senses this connection and produces a signal in a morse code format . this signal 's sent to the transistor and then sends it on to the light emitting diode which is then trai changed into a infrared light um also with battery connections the company has some limits on the batteries we can use , so i was thinking perhaps a combination of solar cells with a back-up basic battery and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years <other> um we also need to look at the chips , uh v custom-designed versus off the shelf , and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility and enable us to incorporate the voice function that we all uh seem to have agreed upon . um , however that 's gon na cost more , but uh the off the shelf is gon na be uh cheaper but it 's going to be less flexible with the features , especially things like uh voice activation , so if we were uh definitely gon na go with the the voice option we 'd probably have to design um our own chip . inevitably a b a custom design chip is gon na be more expensive . do we do we know uh by how much ? i do n't actually have any price information , and and do we know how long it 'll take to uh develop a a custom chip . a lot longer than an off the shelf chip . i think we need to make a a decision here . uh given that the company wants this on the market quickly and cheaply , that would appear to uh effectively constrain us to an existing chip and thus therefore conventional button technology . um does it make a difference if there are just a few commands , for example if you um can pre-programme in like numbers one through ten and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one once you 've got the whole voice chip in there , then it 's pretty much the the worldthe the sky is your limit , given that , you know , mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling . speak somebody 's name and it 'll dial the number for you , of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive , maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost . i kinda think if we 're gon na have the voice recognition for part of it , then maybe we should have it for the whole thing . given that the um the technology is not well developed and and given that it 's it 's never been done before , uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons , anyway , i 'm i 'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it . it will have voice recognition um uh", "summary": "abstract: he also talks about batteries and chips ."}
{"dialogue": "so i did some research on the internet the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users , um commands and mechanisms for the operation , and there 're just kind of a variety of choices . um findings , a lot of times they tend to look cluttered and these were just a couple examples of um different kinds that are a little bit more unusual . there 're some special ones available , like this one right here , which is marketed towards children , um different designs , and one of the things that n we need to watch out for is a v _ in volume <laugh> bring a little picture of what i thought ours could look like <laugh> .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist present research from the internet about user interface ."}
{"dialogue": "just kind of minimise the clutter , avoid too many buttons and also um <other> one of the things that people have used is a slide button , like you have on a mouse , that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume , for example , have the slide button on the side , i mean i think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they 're they 're si simple , cheap and reliable . i think they 're they 're about the same cost really . there 's a lot of slide buttons out there . okay , fair enough , fine . for example if i 'm using a mouse i like to be able to slide it up and down so i thought it might be good for volume to just be able to kind of roll it and then have the up and down so three threethere 's three buttons on a slider . the only advantage i was thinking of to having the buttons , like the buttons on one side for the channel , and then the slider is that if you 're just holding in your hand , and you pick it up , it 's easy to n s know , okay , this is just the volume and this is the channel . 'cause i 've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume , or vice versa , so it 'd be kinda good to have them befeel completely different . like the shape of it almost like a mouse , so we we 're looking at sliders for both auh volume and channel change i was thinking kind of just for the volume , in that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and thethat for rolling ,", "summary": "abstract: he talks about minimizing the clutter on the remote , and suggests using a slide button like on a mouse ."}
{"dialogue": "this is my report on trend watching . the data 's come off internet uh from executive summary for us on the top three things wanted by the consumer . and we got reports from paris , milan on new fashions . and uh the most important aspect is the l the look it has to look fancy , look and feel uh instead of the current functional look and feel . i was gon na say yeah twice as important as the second aspect , which is the technologically innov innovative um side of it . and the third being easy to use is probably a given , i think that what we 're suggesting ought to address all three of those . from the fashion watchers from milan and paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes , et cetera . clothes , shoes and furniture and uh a spongy material to be used on the <laugh> on the outside . that 's different , certainly . if we 're going for the it looks fancy , then fashion is obviously the line we got ta be going through . but fashions do do n't last very long . that can kinda tie into our changing uh face things , like we could have the fruit and vegetable theme this year and uh whatever happens next year , we can have the face plates , we can have a sp like a spongy skin on it also means you can drop it without damaging it . depending on the cost of the product itself , you know , could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed ? instead of having a ten year guarantee ? with interchangeable covers , could just buy a new one every year , a new one when new fashions come out . it 's like the old swatch watch where uh um on only batteries ever got changed in those , 'cause people just bought a new one when it went out of fashion , i mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last , you know , a long time .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about trend-watching and how fruits and vegetables are currently an important theme ."}
{"dialogue": "what if we included the batteries in the cover ? oh yeah . i like that . um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it 's it 's even better . ii think it 's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one , that all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers i mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it ity you 've then got the connection whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all , you know , completely soldered together um and , you know giving people the option of buying a new uha a complete new thing , the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don'tit does n't have a cover on at all , it will still work um totally . um then if , you know , if people lose the cover , i mean they they might be well inclined to go out and spend however many euros on a on a new one um rather than a a complete new re remote . that that 's just it with the covers , you 're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they 're being ripped off having to buy a new product . it 's it 's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item . um and , you know , as as external fashions change , then we get new new covers on the market and , you know , readily available . like they have for mobile phones that are just fruits and animal prints and colours .", "summary": "abstract: they talk about making changable colors available and possibly including batteries with them ."}
{"dialogue": "and you know , th the the design that i 've got , and and it could be a a home-made design , um you know this says this is not just a a television remote control , the fashions apply to furniture , it 's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their um coffee table to say this says something about me . i mean given that we 've got you know one one on off button presumably , two buttons for uh channel change and one slider and basically nothing else , um w we need to decide on thejust the basic shape of the thing . and , know whether we go down the fruit and veg route , and i do n't suggest we make it look like a banana , but um know sort of the the organic , you know , curved look , t to deliberately get away from the uh um <other> uh you know , the the the the square look of most um current uh remotes and , you know , whether whether the you know , the the fixed part of it is the corporate yellow . um 'cause there 's certainly you know , the the corporate logo needs to be prominently uh displayed i dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow yellow seems a bit of a strong colour i mean we 're we 're we 're simplyit 's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently um . i was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um <other> a shape that 's almost like a mouse . because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand um maybe we could make it a slightly different shape but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape so that you can just sort of ho hold it . you 'd want it narrower than a mouse though 'cause ita mouse you 're kinda just resting on it , you want something you can definitely grip . so it'syou sorta hold it in your hand like that , i with , you know , and fiddling with the buttons . kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this , and then it widens up top and then it would have a l uh wider thing to uh have the light , the infrared light at the t _ v _ and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume and the power could be wherever , up up the top or something . um i 'm justi 'm suddenly realising that yeah we 're discussing how muchhow good it 's gon na be to change channels i mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it ? i think we d i think we decided that w we 're actually going down both routes . we need the the manual controls we 're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff , but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice . my personal view is that if it 's not there , people would n't use it anyway um . you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons . if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that andor do voice commands , and <other> either volume thing could also be to scroll through other options like y and you could scroll through brightness i 'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available . we could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume . if we if we 're going down that route , then we need some sort of display . but the television would be the display we actually use the television , okay . okay , okay , okay . like you hit menu and menu will come up on television so if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select . our energy source is gon na be for simplicity of , you know , manufacturing and uh maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source um , and um <other> make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for uh we 'll say at least five five ten years and interchangeable case ? i i interchangeable case seems to be um <other> um important to the concept . um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections . i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want , then uhi mean uh uh this is totally new . we d we do n't know whether thatto what extent people do it or not , but if they 've at least got a a good selection of um covers that they can use anyway , so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to um a any of the famous supermarkets , and uh are we gon na have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or because we 've got so few buttons that itthat actually makes that redundant . no , cer certainly wider angle than than current , so that if you 're holding it , you know , anyway like you 're likely to and uh it 's uh <other> you know , i i it will work most of the time um . i sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing , then sort of the the whole of the top would be the uh the infrared uh .", "summary": "abstract: they discuss what the remote should look like in terms of shape color , and then talk about components , materials , and energy sources ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we 've actually very conveniently just uh come to uh a good point to s to sum up um . kate and kendra now go away and uh pa play play with a bit of plasticine or play-dough , um and actually put what we 've discussed into something uhi was gon na say concrete , and um andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control . we 're all clear where we go from here . thank you very much indeed and i 'll s see you all again in thirty minutes .", "summary": "abstract: then they close the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and and andrew of course the the product evaluation . and um andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will be doing the product evaulation ."}
{"dialogue": "uh and then uh , you know , f for the next meeting kate will be looking at the the the s the look , feel and design ,", "summary": "action: the interface designer will be looking at the look , feel , and design ."}
{"dialogue": "kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it", "summary": "action: the industrial specialist will be looking at how the user uses the product ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh kate and kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at . kate and kendra now go away and uh pa play play with a bit of plasticine or play-dough , um and actually put what we 've discussed into something uhi was gon na say concrete ,", "summary": "action: the interface designer and industrial specialist will be producing a model of the product"}
{"dialogue": "and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a long-term battery source ."}
{"dialogue": "and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility", "summary": "decisions: the remote will contain a custom chip ."}
{"dialogue": "i was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um <other> a shape that 's almost like a mouse . you 'd want it narrower than a mouse though", "summary": "decisions: will be curved , shape similar to a computer mouse , but narrower ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we d i think we decided that w we 're actually going down both routes . we 're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff , but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice . you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons .", "summary": "decisions: will have voice with fewer buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "we could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume .", "summary": "decisions: will have menu , channel , power , volume buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "but the television would be the display we actually use the television , okay . okay , okay , okay .", "summary": "decisions: no display screen ."}
{"dialogue": "um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections .", "summary": "decisions: if used , face plates will be cheap ."}
{"dialogue": "and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility so if we were uh definitely gon na go with the the voice option we 'd probably have to design um our own chip . given that the um the technology is not well developed and and given that it 's it 's never been done before , uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons ,", "summary": "problems: to add voice option , likely need to design own chip ."}
{"dialogue": "inevitably a b a custom design chip is gon na be more expensive . and and do we know how long it 'll take to uh develop a a custom chip . a lot longer than an off the shelf chip . maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost .", "summary": "problems: however , a custom design chip is more expensive and would take longer than using an existing chip ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh whatever happens next year , we can have the face plates , with interchangeable covers , could just buy a new one every year , a new one when new fashions come out . depending on the cost of the product itself , you know , could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed ? instead of having a ten year guarantee ? what if we included the batteries in the cover ? um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it 's it 's even better . ii think it 's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one , that all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all , you know , completely soldered together i mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it ity you 've then got the connection um and , you know giving people the option of buying a new uha a complete new thing , the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don'tit does n't have a cover on at all , it will still work um totally . that that 's just it with the covers , you 're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they 're being ripped off having to buy a new product . um and , you know , as as external fashions change , then we get new new covers on the market and , you know , readily available . i i interchangeable case seems to be um <other> um important to the concept . um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections . i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want , then uhi mean uh uh this is totally new .", "summary": "problems: whether to use changable face plates ."}
