{"dialogue": "welcome to thewhat should be the last of these meetings the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh i think we 'll take those as read , um the um th the the next uh thing we we we 'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes and uh look at the uh evaluation criteria and finance and then uh uh just tidy up with production", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "we basically have the same kinda lay-out here you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand , basically . um on the left we 've got the scroll for the volume , on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll , or you can hold it and and push . uh this is the power key , um it 's kinda like the biggest uh that 's the little menu key . this is the infra-red section uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that um the logo is down down there um andhas the cover on it the red bit 's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there 's holes for the buttons to come through . um . for some strange re reason i had it in my mind that they 'd put them down vertically we could broaden thebroaden it out a bit but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger if we just lengthen it i guess so it comes down to the base of the hand <laugh> the final product would actually stand up , yeah <laugh> . i think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on", "summary": "abstract: then the industrial designer and interface specialist present the prototype , showing where they placed each button , function , and the company logo ."}
{"dialogue": "and so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , just kind of a light <other> non-descript grey and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make ipod covers , so they kinda just stretch over . spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over but it 's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers and then the buttons come through each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the r _ r _ .", "summary": "abstract: then they talk about the material they chose , which is light gray colored and light weight plastic so that people will want to buy covers ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's have a look at the um f finance . if iget the uh spreadsheet up . this is the company 's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design and i i i 've treated some of these slightly uh liberally given the constraints placed on us , for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours , then that is not a special colour , we 're just simply on batteries , the the one th the one decision i 've had to make is that um we 're <other> we will have to find a s a regular standard chip to to do this with and i i um i 'm i 'm i 'm certain that they they are around that i do n't think is a a serious problem . the uh the the voice sensor is is expensive but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design so that that has to stay . um it 's simply made of plastic so th that 's uh that 's no problem we have n't actually got a scroll wheel we we we got push buttons and and a simple uh um <other> slider i do do n't know that they 're special colour . um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it 's it 's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves", "summary": "abstract: next they take a brief look at the finance by examining the materials used , chip required , shape , and color ."}
{"dialogue": "the the costings uh come in atexactly on target at twelve point five uh but i thi i think we have a a very strong case to argue that uh what what we 've got is is so in innovative and uh and different that um <other> any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers if the management expect us to be technoagainfail againtechnologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we ca n't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give , i i think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . um .", "summary": "abstract: they are exactly on target at twelve point five ."}
{"dialogue": "andrew do you wantwhat do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation method of evaluation <other> testing the product was to justif it met all the criteriaall the conditions that we set out to set out to solve , from the point of view of the the consumer and the management . what i 've been asked to do is , on the whiteboard um gauge our team response to these questions . on a scale of one to seven , one being true and seven being being false . and then at the end just take an average look at these questions . is the device f flashy and fashionable ? i think most definitely . i 'd say definitely a one yeah . and also uh technologically innovative ? yeah , defi yeah , yeah the voice technology indeed . easy to use ? i do n't see we could 've made it any easier . uh suitable for the consumer ? yeah definitely . i think it madewe met all of the consumer uh is it complicated ? no . <laugh> uh functional ? yeah definitely . found easily . we 've b built in the the speech , where are you , function . does it take long to learn to use ? no , not at all . the r _ s _ i _ compares to the current standards , <other> less buttons it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well . <laugh> um will device appeal to all age groups ? i think it will because i mean uh old older people who ca n't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the like like the voice bit so we had the we had the datasaying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money but the funct the increased functionality , <other> the e ease of use of the device might make up for that . i i i think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups i think we can reasonably say it 's another another one , in in in in my interpretation of management 's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement it 's it 's simple to use , um it 's it 's it 's within budget , i i think we 've done an amazing job one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven .", "summary": "abstract: next the marketing expert administers the product evaluation , and the group talks about whether the device is flashy and fashionable , technologically innovative , easy to use , suitable for the consumer , complicated , how long it would take to learn to use it , and its appeal to all age groups ."}
{"dialogue": "eleven divided by <other> eleven 's one so <laugh> equals average of one .", "summary": "abstract: they come up with an average of 1 for the evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we were trying to make th this this slide here i mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity , seemed to discuss things pretty well i think we 've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows . um i wo n't comment on leadership , uh teamwork i think we 've uhi think everybody 's uh worked pretty well together . um we 've just about coped with the whiteboard and digital pens , and new ideas found , um , again gi no given relatively everyday product , i think we 've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh uh a new approach . um are the costs within budget ? yes . is the project evaluated ? we 're we 're all happy that it it meets all the criteria , um", "summary": "abstract: they briefly discuss the project process and agree that they worked well together , had excellent teamwork , and created an effective product that meets the budget cost ."}
{"dialogue": "thank you very much indeed , cool , thank you <laugh> , so i call the meeting closed .", "summary": "abstract: they close the meeting by thanking one another ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: na ."}
{"dialogue": "and so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , just kind of a light <other> non-descript grey", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be made of light weight plastic , and a light gray color ."}
{"dialogue": "and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make ipod covers , so they kinda just stretch over .", "summary": "decisions: the changeable colors will be made of ipod cover materials , a rubbery , spongy , stretchy material ."}
{"dialogue": "uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands uh this is the power key , uh that 's the little menu key . um on the left we 've got the scroll for the volume , on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have volume slider , channel buttons , power key , menu key , infared section , microphone for voice commands ."}
{"dialogue": "um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it 's it 's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves", "summary": "decisions: double curved shape ."}
{"dialogue": "the the costings uh come in atexactly on target at twelve point five i i think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . um . that um <other> any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers if the management expect us to be technoagainfail againtechnologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we ca n't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give ,", "summary": "problems: the group is exactly on budget , not including the interchangable covers which they have not calcuated in ."}
