{"dialogue": "um this is the kick-off meeting for the day . um we 're the new group uh to create a new remote control for real reaction . as you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting , um become acquainted with each other , um have a little training on tools , uh create a plan , discuss things and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total . the new remote control is to be original , trendy and user-friendly . that , steph , is your part , is the user-friendliness . the originality um is gon na take all of us . um the trendiness we 'll probably go look atfor some marketing research information from you , sarah . we 'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting by stating the agenda and then introduced the upcoming project to the team members ."}
{"dialogue": "everybody 's supposed to try out the whiteboard . kate , why do n't you try it first , if you can either bring your things with you , i guess we 'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well , 'cause we 're all gon na have to be able to walk around . you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal . <laugh> its a sort of bunny rabbit cat . <laugh> i think it 's to get us used to using the pen . not a mouse , a rat . a fish . and i think your pen 's running out of whatever .", "summary": "abstract: the team members then participated in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the particular animal ."}
{"dialogue": "we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be soldum we 're to sell it for twenty five euros , um the production is to only cost twelve and a half euros per item .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the production and selling costs of the remote they are to create ."}
{"dialogue": "with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million euros . that tells you something about how many um we have to sell on an international scale . would be like what , a hundred million of them um to make twenty five euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million . if they cost twelve and a half , you 're selling it for twenty five , you 're making twelve and a half euros each . um and we 're to make a profit of fifty million , i was just wondering if that 's the umif fifty percent is normal um i would think would be more like sixty percent . you got ta know how many we 're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that . in order to make fifty million euros , and you 're only getting twelve and a half each four million . you 'd have to sell four million .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager also briefed the team on the profit aim and discussed how many remotes must be sold in order to reach the profit aim of 50 million euro ."}
{"dialogue": "experience with a remote control . any of you use of remote control for a television or d _ v _ d _ or something ? that that that 's the sorta product we 're talking about , one that will work for ain a home environment , for a t _ v _ s and i 've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time , but i also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another . that you always sit aroundyou know , you 're sitting on your sofa and you wan na change something , there 's five different remotes , and one for the d _ v _ d _ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else . and they do n't always talk to each other . but i presume this is t i presume this is just for television . we could make a hello kitty themed remote . i think one in b bright colours would be good . <other> <laugh> i think one that works would be good . <laugh> we could totally go for the japan-a-mation . i mean there 's also the cachet that um uh the japanese make great <other> products . i think one that does n't have lots of superfluous functions . like i 've got one at home that has well , apart from the obvious , channels , channel up , channel down , volume , you know , subtitles , mute , there 's a lotta buttons that i 've got no idea what they do , like <laugh> . that 's a really good point , because i think one of the things thatbeing somewhat computer literate , we tend to um go to menus and then make choices , so if it 's like an uh volume button , you know , you can go in and say mute or or volume . we do n't need to have like the l the numbers if we also have uh uh channel up channel down . mm . we can make it smart like an ipod , make everything menus .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed their experiences using remote controls and what features in terms of functionality and appearance to consider in making the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the technical functions design ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on the user requirements specification"}
{"dialogue": "and this remote control has to be soldum we 're to sell it for twenty five euros ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold for 25 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "um the production is to only cost twelve and a half euros per item .", "summary": "decisions: production costs can not exceed 12 . 50 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "i was just wondering if that 's the umif fifty percent is normal um i would think would be more like sixty percent .", "summary": "problems: whether the mark-up reflected in the selling price is normal ."}
