{"dialogue": "this is the beginning of the third meeting , the conceptual design meeting . um our agenda should be um that we 're opening the meeting , the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point . um and we should each have a presentation to make . um we have certain decisions to make <other> um there are the decisions we have to turn to , but we 'll come back to them in a minute after i take us to the minutes of the previous meeting . um sarah , you presented a marketing research report um which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds uh it has to be hand-held , power , channel , volume , number keys , possibly a speech recognition . and then steph did a second presentation um that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use . kate presented a working design ofgoing aftergoing over the basics on the whiteboard um that it should be a simple mass-produced device , because of the twelve and a half pence cost . um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point . we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense , that were decision makers . alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the t _ v _ , um and that the function we agreed was volume , power , numbers , enter , channels , a way to move between channels , easy to use and hand-held . <other> um at that point we agreed that sarah would look at the current cost of competition , what what do the current ones sell for . um and steph was gon na look at ec ergonomics . kate was gon na look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "first thing i want to address is um one of the points that florence brought up , which was uh current cost of the competition devices , and and they 're uh twenty to sixty euros , depending on uh branding . but i think that with the current um price that we 're searching for , we 're well within , even on the lower end , of the uh of the market . i investigated the remote control market in greater detail , and my uhthe theme of what i was to work on was uh trend watch . what 's hot , fruit and veg . spongy . and this is all over the catwalks , paris , milan , and i 'm talking about clothing , furniture , shoes . <other> this is really interesting change from past years , because it is much more organic , <other> and i think if we 're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control , we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset . on um <other> what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing . functional is out . fancy . and f the fancy , and that 's exactly the term , i 'm i 'm thinking polished , elegant , <other> you know , kind of innovative , but a cut above . this is twice as important as the next finding , which is technologically innovative . this is interesting , 'cause i think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important , but maybe what 's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically <other> superior fabrics or uh , you know , designed in interesting substances . ease of use . again , pretty low , i mean it 's the top three , but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important . i think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of <laugh> fruit <laugh> fruit themed sleeves . it sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote , you know , your t your cell phone . i was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned , you know , so , you know , something similar to a summer dress . you know , it would have like fruit and veg , is that we actually make these spongy . initially i thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held , so banana , pineapple and pear . they could be interchangeable , they 're spongy , so what we 're talking about is changing . this concept . everyone has a t _ v _ remote , but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising , i 'm thinking the teenager , thesomeone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers . so i really open this up to uh any other feedback . this <other> spongy fruit and veg .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented findings from trend watching reports and discussed her personal preferences in how to incorporate the results of the trend watching reports into the appearance of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "what 's hot , fruit and veg . spongy . and this is all over the catwalks , paris , milan , and i 'm talking about clothing , furniture , shoes . <other> this is really interesting change from past years , because it is much more organic , <other> and i think if we 're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control , we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset . on um <other> what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing . functional is out . fancy . and f the fancy , and that 's exactly the term , i 'm i 'm thinking polished , elegant , <other> you know , kind of innovative , but a cut above . this is twice as important as the next finding , which is technologically innovative . this is interesting , 'cause i think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important , but maybe what 's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically <other> superior fabrics or uh , you know , designed in interesting substances . ease of use . again , pretty low , i mean it 's the top three , but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important . i think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of <laugh> fruit <laugh> fruit themed sleeves . it sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote , you know , your t your cell phone . i was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned , you know , so , you know , something similar to a summer dress . you know , it would have like fruit and veg , is that we actually make these spongy . initially i thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held , so banana , pineapple and pear . they could be interchangeable , they 're spongy , so what we 're talking about is changing . this concept . everyone has a t _ v _ remote , but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising , i 'm thinking the teenager , thesomeone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers . so i really open this up to uh any other feedback . this <other> spongy fruit and veg .", "summary": "abstract: the trend watching reports indicated that products need to reflect a fruit and vegetable theme , sponginess , fanciness , and technological innovation ."}
{"dialogue": "i i think we 're gon na have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this . spongy is gon na be difficult , i 'm afraid . <other> and as for as for um well budgeting as well , if we 're gon na have lots of different interchangeable components . we can make these things out of wood , titanium , plastic or rubber . i suppose rubber is the closest to spongy , i was thinking titanium myself . i have been influenced by pictures of ipods , i think many of us would associate those with fancy . it would be uh a a very simple product that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable . so perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management w w would it be helpful if um i described the components a bit , i think possibly it might be more useful if kate went next . i was really thinking a lot about the i _ uh the imac kind of gel gem tone .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed their target group and whether to use titanium or a spongy material in their design ."}
{"dialogue": "you 're gon na be a little disappointed with some of the things i have to tell you , i 've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate , and i 've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division , who have told me what 's actually available , you know , what the current state of the art in components is , and some of the exciting new things they 've got , this is the innards of a remote control um . and that 's the the back of the interface . and this is a push-button one , so you see these little little buttons here , they 're little rubber rubber buttons that go through onto the the board at the back and they push these buttons here . that 's the basic construction that we 've got to got to accommodate . we got to have something that pushes the little buttons that um talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the the message to the receiver . <laugh> so first of all um i wan na talk about what possibilities we 've got for the energy source . um we can have your bog standard double double a _ batteries in a replaceable um little compartment . we can have a hand <laugh> a wind-up , yeah , but i it maybe isdoes n't quite go with the um the fruit and veg . <other> <laugh> um one that one that i think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source , where um <other> you you actually get the energy by moving the device , or we we had talked about solar power , but i thing that we agreed that that 's not so good in the dark . i 'm afraid this is the options we 've got on on the case . it can be made of plastic , rubber , wood o if you like , <laugh> or titanium . um and the nearest we 've got to st to spongy there i guess is rubber , and basically it can have a flat surface , a curved surface or a double curved surface , but i think if we wan na use standard components , we 're gon na have difficulty with anything much beyond that . what does the interface look like ? push button , that 's that 's the one we 're all familiar with . <other> um we can have scroll buttons and the the scroll button can incorporate a push , so you can have it like on a mouse where you can use it to go up and down , change volume or channel or something like that and push to select something . <other> um you can have multiple scroll buttons , and we can also incorporate an l _ c _ d _ display in the remote , but this will increase the cost . <cough> <other> um the electronics that actually makes the device work , we 've basically got three , simple , regular , advanced , if we want the nice cheap one , the simple , then we can only have push buttons . um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons . and the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices . i do n't know what that is , but i think they think it 's quite important i i think we 've got two options . we can either go for a really cheap model , keep all of the costs down , or we can have something that looks a bit nicer , i think it , um wo n't necessarily l uh look like a pineapple , <laugh> um <other> but it could have an l _ c _ d _ screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons , um do you have any idea if if this couldif the fancy model could be done in twelve euros fifty ? and it could have the the company 's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker . <other> i 'm afraid i do n't have that information available . um manufacturing did n't actually giveattach any prices to any of this , i 'm afraid . so what i had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it . i i do n't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the real reaction company . that 's before i heard about all this hot tips about the future , fruit-wise . we we could we could do um a double curved rubber one , which would allow um say a banana , but um unfortunately i see from my notes that if we do that , we have to have a push button as the interface ,", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed options for energy sources , materials , case shapes , and interface components such as buttons and lcd screens ."}
{"dialogue": "i do n't actually have a huge amount of different information then what kate says , just that my method was to look at the , well , my my inspirations , which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing , including m _ p _ three players , uh like you know , hi-fi remotes , not just television and these things . uh having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones , <other> uh i 've been especially interested in the ipod style scroll wheel , um what functions we actually need , but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right . it has uh scroll wheels without without a display , so i was thinking that uh <other> um a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen . and it comes up with what 's showing on that channel at the moment , you can scroll along and you can see what 's on the other channels while you 're watching the same channel on the screen . uh but i 'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote , um which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice , big , easy buttons to press , but still quite simple and quite cost effective . what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple , uh not fancy but not totally minimalist , i mean just pretty simple plastic , probably , i was thinking , yellow and black , just because that 's the company 's colours , with very very few buttons , but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen , like , you know , <other> just small along the bottom yeah , i 'd i 'd certainly support that idea . but as for actually arranging themlet me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one . and i quite like it , 'cause it 's just smooth and hand-held and it 's got these easily reachable buttons so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle . up , down , left , right . do you want scroll buttons in that as well ? i i was thinking not actually scroll , like a like mouse scroll , like this s style thing where you c have up , down , left and right . and enter in the middle , and when when you click on each one , ityou can go into a new menu for that . and uh and i definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber . i mean titanium would be great , but i think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey . if we 're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic , then i think titanium 's too futuristic . we ca n't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately . whereas a plastic 's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else . <other> and the the having the the the screen on the television screen i think is a good idea , i think i think that 's a g nice clean design , but they all have this this feature of this uhit 's not quite a scroll wheel , but it 's a kind of selection in this circle , but we can implement it with simple push buttons , either a channel up and down , volume up and down , next appearing programmes up and down , <other> uh and then also <other> when you get into the different menus on the screen , it 's got your things like settings and contrast up and down . so all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle . <other> it seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic , do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour ? and have it abstract . we could call <other> like a fruit name , mm . we we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you 'd ratherif you feelif you like the spongy i 'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so uh just something else i need to bring to your attention this is actually the volume up and down , but <other> they both say v _ on them , so uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these . but we would n't have a specific volume up and down . if we 're having the scroll wheel , then it 's gon na double up as all the other up and down functions .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer examined the interfaces of existing products and discussed using menus within an interface using push buttons which operate like a scroll wheel ."}
{"dialogue": "um we need to come up with some specifics of the components , um the materials , things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things . they want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use , whichthe choices that we 've discussed were pretty much battery , kinetic or solar . you were saying that the kinetic would be useful , um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries . um or solar that you 'd have difficulty with it if it 's a dark day , that it 'll die on you , and no way to do it . unfortunately i do n't have costing information . i i in terms of workability , i i think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic , what 's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic ? i 've used kinetic in terms of watches you do n't even notice um that it 's there . i 've never come across it before , but it sounds fantastic . it would make the whole thing a lot lighter , more convenient . a good selling point . so the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it 's at all possible . but it does depend how much i mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs . mm . um <laugh> the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision . um chip on print is just a manufacturing technique um and i would certainly recommend it , i think , um what about the case ? i think they 're talking there about do we want wood , plastic , titanium or rubber , do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy yeah , s thick spongy cover , and i think we 've discussed not having titanium . um we 've sort of eliminated wood . we said plastic or rubber . i 'd i 'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that 's actually possible , but i agree , it 's uhsounds like a nice idea if it is . um the next part they want is the user interface concept . then i 'll just say i support eitherfrom a marketing point of view i support either decision that the designers make on that . like four buttons , up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen . i'dlike push buttons with", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed and made decisions on what energy sources , chips , case materials , and buttons to use ."}
{"dialogue": "marketing they want product evaluation . you get product <other> evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "and they actually want a look and feel design , user interface design , um the look and feel design is for kate ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design ."}
{"dialogue": "and they actually want a look and feel design , user interface design , uh steph gets the user interface design ,", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface design ."}
{"dialogue": "um the two of you <laugh> get to play with a pla modelling clay um to do a prototype .", "summary": "action: two of the team members will create a prototype using modeling clay"}
{"dialogue": "so the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it 's at all possible .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a kinetic battery ."}
{"dialogue": "do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy yeah , s thick spongy cover ,", "summary": "decisions: the case of the remote will be made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy yeah , s thick spongy cover ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will contain a hard plastic inner shell to protect the interior ."}
{"dialogue": "like four buttons , up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen . i'dlike push buttons with", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use push buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "i suppose rubber is the closest to spongy , i was thinking titanium myself . i think many of us would associate those with fancy . i have been influenced by pictures of ipods , i mean titanium would be great , and uh and i definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber . but i think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey . we ca n't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately . if we 're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic , then i think titanium 's too futuristic . mm . we we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you 'd ratherif you feelif you like the spongy", "summary": "problems: whether to use titanium or a spongy material ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm afraid i do n't have that information available . um do you have any idea if if this couldif the fancy model could be done in twelve euros fifty ? um manufacturing did n't actually giveattach any prices to any of this , i 'm afraid .", "summary": "problems: whether creating a fancy remote would adhere to the project budget ."}
{"dialogue": "you were saying that the kinetic would be useful , i i in terms of workability , i i think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic , what 's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic ? i 've used kinetic in terms of watches you do n't even notice um that it 's there . i 've never come across it before , but it sounds fantastic . it would make the whole thing a lot lighter , more convenient . a good selling point . so the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it 's at all possible . but it does depend how much i mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs . mm .", "summary": "problems: whether to use a kinetic battery ."}
