{"dialogue": "we uh are to get acquainted . so does everyone want to say who they are ? i 'm robin . i 'm the marketing manager . i 'm louisa . i 'm the user interface designer . i 'm nick . i am the industrial designer . and i 'm alastair and i 'm the project leader .", "summary": "abstract: the group introduced themselves and their roles to each other ."}
{"dialogue": "right , so agenda of the first meeting . where we uhwe have twenty five minutes for this meeting . so does anyone have any uh thoughts as to the tool training that uh is required ? so tool training . <other> project plan . i 'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training . neither am i. so we have the project team , which is to um <other> basically to come up with a new r remote control device . and uh our idea is to uh to make the new remote control device uh more user friendly than the previous one , and to <other> to be trendier , to be with it , and therefore to uh to get a bigger market share and bigger audience . method of doing this is uh split up as you can see into uh <other> the functional design , the conceptional design , and the detailed design in each of these uh phases we 'll uh basically be handing over to yourselves , the designers of this uh this device . and uh having uh meetings so that we can uh during the course of the day um come up with a better better inst implement than we had before .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the project aim and agenda to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 've got tool training . try out whiteboard . right so everyone 's to uh supposedly uh draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there . i guess this is uh make sure the whiteboard works . <laugh> do you wish to go f have a first bash at uh whatever . i think that i would have to say that my favourite animal is the cat . um <laugh> and i like my animal that looks nothing like a bear because um i dunno maybe because there 's so many cartoon characters made up after the bear um i 'm gon na go for the dog , so what my daughters have got at the moment is they 've got uh a few fish and so hopefully um wo n't prove too difficult to draw .", "summary": "abstract: the group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard ."}
{"dialogue": "work has been done on uh this uh project where by um twenty five euros is uh the uh expected uh selling price . so we 're looking to sell internationally , not just in europe . we 're looking at um having our production costs limited to uh twelve and an half euro per unit . and therefore making a profit margin of uhwell not actually a profit margin it 's uhbecause obviously you 're gon na have overheads and various other costs to uh take uh from uh from that to give you your profit margin per unit . and so depending what the uh the overhead uh costs are will determine uh how many units we 're uh looking to sell or projecting to sell at this point in time .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager discussed the projected production cost and price point for the device ."}
{"dialogue": "experience with remote control , first ideas . new remote . so i guess we 're looking at um having a discussion at this point in time so uh any any thoughts ? um iwith some remote controls the buttons were a little small so maybe we make something with uh easy to press buttons . okay , so so basically we 're looking for some umwe 're looking for a device that is um robust and and therefore uh wo n't get damaged too easily . um sort of easy to use so the buttons are accessible . because a lot of um systems are kind of t _ v _ video combined now , <cough> is this just a television remote ? or t _ v _ d _ v _ d _ combined . and one of the most annoying things is having like five remotes in the house . so if you 've got a combined system , it could be a combined remote . basically i 'll get back to you on that . um one of the things um we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well . or is it just a television that we 're supposed to be doing ? 'causeas you rightly said , there 's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the uh about the room . so a device for for all remotes . and um sometimes uh they sort ofremote controls defeat their own purpose because you 're sat in the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room . we need to sort of maybe think about how um we could maybe uh develop a remote control which moves around the room . <laugh> comes to your whistle . <laugh> that 's that 's maybe something for the future when you can talk to your television , but <laugh> maybe we could um have better instructions with the remote . i mean we 've done some research um about sort of you know what the cutting edge sort of hand held devices are , you ca n't have both the th the one device and then have few buttons on it to 'cause you want you want simplicity as well , whilst at the same time you want , as you rightly said , one remote for all . and so these are probably mutually exclusive options you could argue that experience of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to using remotes , so it 's possible that we could devise a system where where you 're you 're basically sort of holding a a miniature computer which is controlling all your your sort of your television , your stereo ,", "summary": "abstract: the group began a discussion about their own experiences with using remote controls and about usability features to be included in the design ."}
{"dialogue": "specific instructions will be sent to you by your person by your personal coach . okay , so we 've got um the working design for i _ d _ . for u _ i _ d _ the technical functions design . marketing , the user requirement specification .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager instructed the industrial designer to prepare the working design , the user interface designer to research technical functions , and the marketing expert to prepare the user requirement specification ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm not exactly clear on what we 're designing the rem remote for . is this a mun multi-functional one i think you just said at the start it was a television remote control , so maybe we should just stick to that unless we get told otherwise . that 's true , 'cause during during the course of our day we might make decisions based on information or meetings that would change <other> where we 're going . but at this point in time i think you 're right that uhshall we make it just a t _ v _ .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so we 've got um the working design for i _ d _ .", "summary": "action: the industrial deigner will prepare the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "for u _ i _ d _ the technical functions design .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will research technical functions ."}
{"dialogue": "marketing , the user requirement specification .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will prepare the user requirement specification ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm not exactly clear on what we 're designing the rem remote for . is this a mun multi-functional one i think you just said at the start it was a television remote control , so maybe we should just stick to that unless we get told otherwise . that 's true , but at this point in time i think you 're right that uhshall we make it just a t _ v _ .", "summary": "decisions: the group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being instead of allowing it to control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
