{"dialogue": "well we 've made our prototype anyway . you pass it round to have a look . y no , it 's a slightly curved around the sides . <laugh> um , it 's almost curved like up to the main display as well . and the little line at the bottom indicates the bitthe panel that you pull down . and the extra function buttons are below that panel on the little line . we also have a apple slash cherry design at the top . cherry would be alright actually . yeah , and cherries are fun , summery . for the first time , well it was hard to get the h um the actual labelling on the individual buttons . uh , we just chose simple shapes for all them . um , the important ones are the volume ones . so we made them a bit bigger . hum , you separate off in colour the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons , so you 've got the volume in orange on design there , and the the channel is in blue . and so when i done my thing on cost <laugh> ai had assumed that the only uh button that would be a different colour would be the uh the red apple button . so uh but there would be a cost implication on that , well the colours wouldn'tlike that'sthey would n't be too important , but we did n't have any white play-doh . yes , we 'll have the slide-away .", "summary": "abstract: the first prototype for the remote control was made of single-curved rubber with a total of 16 rubber buttons ( some of them in a slide-out panel ) with a cherry design on top ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so , by the fact that we 've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we 've got a single curved case . we 've got a rubber uh case materials supplements . iswitching around those th um on the electronics we got the sample sensor .", "summary": "abstract: it uses kinetic energy and has a sample sensor for the speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "so , we 've all got a note ofit 's thirteen point seven , is n't it , with everything we want on .", "summary": "abstract: the initial cost was calculated at 13 . 70 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "shall we shall we evaluate the prototype as we 've got it now first , and then sort of make decisions about what needs to be changed after ?", "summary": "abstract: although over budget , the team decided to evaluate this prototype before making any changes ."}
{"dialogue": "and we evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we 've formulated . <other> and do that on a scale from say true being one and false being seven , so , i got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as well , at the end . um so , we have to say whether it 's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy . umthewhether the product demonstrates technical innovation . whether it 's easy to use . whether it 's incorporating sort of the fashion element to attract the buyer . and whether it 's a sort of recognisable real reaction product . and i have to go up onto the whiteboard and do this apparently , so the first one is um , does the product look and feel fancy . okay , well we have a single curve , um , then we have the rubber kinda spongy feel , which was in at the time . yeah , i 'd maybe give it a a two . whatis one false , or is t one true ? one 's true . so uh say about a two for fancy , and i mean , how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation do you reckon ? um , deciding between the kinetic power or um the speech recognition , and if we had either of those for our budget , they both show a reasonable amount of speech recognition . we 've got we 've got the speech recognition on it , have n't we . so it says if we make a slightly more fancy , then we lose points innovation , and if we make it more innovative innovative , then we lose points on it being fancy , so would go for a one on that at this point in time . um , incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer . well it 's got the cherry and the sponginess . say about a three maybe ? product is a recognisable realr uhreaction product ? <other> woulda said two would seem reasonable . the and it 's got a fairly big label on the bottom saying where it comes from . <other> so this is about sort of the corporate image of like new sort of sleek technology and all that sort of thing , as well as having the logo on and all that . two . right but um , i think the logo would definitely be recognisable . what doeswhat do all them numbers mean then ? do we add them up and rateor anything ? i think we sort of add them up so sort of at an average is gon na be i 'm just gon na do this in my head . one point eight is n't it or something . so yeah , pretty close to a two . so it'si mean it 's pretty good at the moment , but it 's gon na get worse , is n't it . sodecide we 've lost a little bit on the fashion and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it , . so you 'd maybe put fash fan uh fashion at three rather than two . real so that 's like if that 's the new age kind of um inno innovative c type company , then um having the kinetic feature and the voice recognition is p quite high up on so maybe in a sense not having that , maybe we 've lost somemaybe lost something on the innovation side ? the main thing we 've changed really is the casing is n't it ? we 've so maybe in terms of sort of fanciness and fashionability , we 're pretty much the same , maybe . so , i mean we could maybe put two again on them . and what about the sort of innovation ? um , well we 've still got the kinetic energy . um the speech feature . how but i think more the the features of the actual control will be more important than maybe than the the actual aesthetics , but should n't we maybe lose a point on fashion , go to a three ? well , but i think we said that w because you got rid of the rubber , we put an extra an extra sort of fruit um shape on one of the buttons . well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh> <other> as an overall product which has to be quite cheap , we 've just about achieved everything .", "summary": "abstract: on a scale from 1 ( true ) to 7 ( false ) they rated it on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design ( 2 ) , technological innovation ( 2 ) , ease of use ( 1 ) , incorporation of fashion elements ( 2 ) , and brand recognition ( 2 ) ."}
{"dialogue": "you have a in plastic rather than rubber , then that would uh enable you to getyou could keep kinetic then , you could keep your sample sensor , and which gets us uminright within the budget range . and then we could make sure we definitely had all the button supplements . yeah , i was i was thinking that because maybe maybe the sort of rubber case is a bit less in sort of the corporate identity than the sort of you know sleeker plastic case . we 're going for plastic , yes ? yep oh actually we just have a plastic case , then we lose two points , we 've got nought point eight left , , we 've got special form . now that would be one button , and the question was was that all buttons or is that just one button . 'cause our plan really was to have one button only with a specialso i guess we 'd have the ones which are blue at the moment would would just be the standard colour . , special colour , you want three in there . okay well i thin i think you you you just need two for the special colour one original colour and then sort of two supplements , i think maybe . maybe that 'll be a second supplement . the volume ones should stand out a bit . were making these buttons down the bottom , i was presuming , bigger than the other ones , or we 've got special form <cough> is the one apple . the then there 's a spe a second special form . yeah , that 's twelve point three , so i think that should still be okay . , in this one , you 've actually got three colours of buttons . well we 've got point two to play with if you really wanted to . , we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour . so", "summary": "abstract: changing the rubber case to plastic reduced the cost and allowed for an extra button-form and colour ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're now on to project process . now satisfaction with , for example , room for creativity , leadership , teamwork , means , et cetera , whiteboard , digital pens , et cetera . so suppose the easiest way of doing it is to put some notes down , which i will do . so you feel you got a chance to express yourselves <other> well enough ? well i thought some of the divisions though between sort of the individual meetings were a bit arbitrary . well , we were finding out various things in <other> in be in-between the meetings , and they didn'tthe one meeting did n't always follow on for the other one , you know , sort ofwe had things thrown in at the second meeting where , you know , you 'd looked at the remote controls and seen the curviness , but in the first one you 'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons , and i do n't understand why it would be in separate meetings that you 'd do that . only thing you find is in a manufacturing process , you wouldnormally , you go to a meeting , you decide , right , you do this , you do that , you do that . then you go away . you find out information . you then come back . you then discuss it . you whereas , this time , you 're really getting it from a database source , so do you want to put down ? <laugh> , seemed okay . um um flow of information on on any given subjectgiven subject um sometimes disjointed . <other> um i think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project . it was quite good with this umthe white board , having that and the digital pens . how do you reckon teamwork went ? to that went okay , yeah . i guess we all had separate ideas and then discussed them . uh go uh reasonably well . okay", "summary": "abstract: the team were reasonably satisfied with the project in terms of teamwork and creativity , although they thought that the flow of information was sometimes disjointed ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project . i mean a remote control is n't the most um kind of fancy thing that you could imagine designing . butthink like it was a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control , in a way . i mean this one seems . from the website it looksit 's quite innovative , <other> i do n't think sort of the budget um allowed us to do anything bit arbitrary . <laugh> mm-hmm well , i mean i do n't think iti just do n't think it fitted in with the rest of their products .", "summary": "abstract: however , the idea of designing a remote control seemed unexciting , especially since the requirements restricted it to tv only , and the budget was too small ."}
{"dialogue": "we did find a new idea , i mean sort of a kinetic remote control . voice recognition , especially notcould got voice recognition computers , that 's not remote controls . mm-hmm yeah , so it 's just like the same products , but just put together in a different way . ideas found , so one or two . kinetic powered remote control . um , voice um recognition thing .", "summary": "abstract: finally , some new ideas were also found in the form of kinetic energy source and use of speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": ", do n't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary . then i think that we 've got two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting .", "summary": "action: the team have two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting to complete before they finish ."}
{"dialogue": "y no , it 's a slightly curved around the sides . <laugh> cherry would be alright actually . we also have a apple slash cherry design at the top . yeah , and cherries are fun , summery . and did we make it a cherry officially ? . i okay , so , by the fact that we 've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we 've got a single curved case . we 've got a rubber uh case materials supplements .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be single-curved with a cherry design on top ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're going for plastic , yes ? yep", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of plastic ."}
{"dialogue": ", we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour . so i think if they were just all small round blue buttons , it 'd be fine .", "summary": "decisions: the buttons will be made of rubber mostly in a light blue colour ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh>", "summary": "decisions: however , volume and channel buttons will be different from the rest ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> yeah , i mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something , maybe . <laugh> well , we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something . <laugh>", "summary": "decisions: volume buttons will be lemon-shaped and coloured ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: a slide-out panel with extra buttons for less-used functions is included ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the buttons in this panel will all be in the standard blue colour ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so , by the fact that we 've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source , we 've got a single curved case . we 've got a rubber uh case materials supplements .", "summary": "decisions: a simple chip is going to support the electronics of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "the speech feature . how", "summary": "decisions: a sample sensor was included to add speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "um , well we 've still got the kinetic energy . um", "summary": "decisions: the remote is going to be powered by kinetic energy ."}
{"dialogue": "sodecide we 've lost a little bit on the fashion and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it , how much of a difference would it make if we made the case in plastic ? if the buttons are rubber that might be spongy enough . we 're going for plastic , yes ? yep <other> lose a little bit on the fashion , yeah , but", "summary": "problems: after changing the case material from rubber to plastic , it was debated that the loss of sponginess does affect the fancy appeal and trendiness of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's got the cherry and the sponginess . and that would sort of maybe keep us close on the sort of the fashion type one . maybe other ones could be something else shaped . so it 's w if we 've if we 've put in for another special form on a button , then maybe they could be <other> a different shape . <other> yeah , i mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something , maybe . <laugh>", "summary": "problems: on the other hand , it was argued that the special colours and form compensated for that ."}
{"dialogue": ", but you 've got the company logo on there , which would effectively be a stick-on badge . so whether whether that 's considered to be sort of part of the corporate identity , i do n't know . <laugh>", "summary": "problems: the team were not certain to what extent the prototype satisfied recognisability of the corporate identity ."}
{"dialogue": "did you get told what the company colour is or i 'm still not quite sure we 've established that . so long as our company 's logo is framed w in the same way as that with a like a black outline . fact basically , even if you had a silver <other> the same colour of silver on your display , because you 've got effectively a double edging on the uh on the logo , it means that it splits off what your logo is from the from the product . and", "summary": "problems: they were not certain what the colour of the company logo should be and how the logo should be displayed ."}
