{"dialogue": "welcome to the meeting everyone . this is the first meeting uh for developing our , our new product . i 'm heather , i 'm your project manager . if everyone could go around and explain their role and um , and their name .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh tool training is one thing that we 're going to be doing today , um um as well as planning the project , as a team we 're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control . um , we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy , um , a completely new style , so that , um , can really appeal to a , to a generation that does n't want a simple plain kind of , uh , channel-changer . and , um , it needs to be user-friendly for , um , maybe , for an example , for people that , um , ca n't see the numbers as well , yes , it 's a television remote control .", "summary": "abstract: she then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "and then , um , after we 've brainstormed and , and thought about , we can come together in a meeting and , and discuss what , what um , what kind of functional design we want to use . same with conceptual design and detailed design .", "summary": "abstract: the meetings will focus on functional , conceptual , and detailed design ."}
{"dialogue": "and , um , as a sort of team-building moment , um , i , i 'd like us to , um , try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal . my favourite animal , which changes all the time , okay , right now it is an elk . like all sorts of animals , but for the moment i 'm gon na draw a cat , in memory of my poor cat that died recently . <laugh> and it , it is my favourite animal right now , 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature , but i like cats because they 're so independent , i think my favourite animal would be a dog , <laugh> . um , i like dogs because , um , they 're so good to humans , i 'm going to draw a butterfly , because i saw a butterfly yesterday , that seemed to be like the symbol of spring arriving .", "summary": "abstract: next , each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal ."}
{"dialogue": "um , the next , um , thing we need to address is our financial department , to meet our our budget , um , wan na make this umselling price of twenty five euros . we canlike the price to create it will be significantly less . um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve euro and fifty cents . so we 'll have a hundred percent profit then ? so this is time for us to bring our initial ideas , any um suggestions that you may have so far , i find that in the dark it 's often hard to know what button you 're pushing . um , we 'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million euro . um , and make it for an international market . i always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing . so maybe if you could have some kind of tracking <laugh> device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was . there 's some remote controls where there 's kind of a hidden panel , so all those buttons that you do n't really use unless you 're programming or something . do yous not find that , um , <other> like , there 's a lot of , um , buttons on your remote control , and you do n't know what half of them do . are we going into kind of novelty factors here . i suppose , if we 're he heading to have it , like make a huge profit out of this , it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing . and the key issue here is , is being trendy and original .", "summary": "abstract: after that the project manager covers the project budget , and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look ."}
{"dialogue": "um , like you can go over your ideas , of course , in your own personal times . um , our next meeting will be in half an hour . industrial designer . you 'll be beginning your , your working design . um , u _ i _ d _ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes . and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag marketing expert . um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour .", "summary": "abstract: then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "industrial designer . you 'll be beginning your , your working design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will be doing the working design ."}
{"dialogue": "um , u _ i _ d _ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes .", "summary": "action: the interface designer will do the technical functions design ."}
{"dialogue": "and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag marketing expert .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will do the user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour .", "summary": "action: they were recieve specific instructions on what to do ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , it 's a television remote control .", "summary": "decisions: it will be a television remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "um , wan na make this umselling price of twenty five euros .", "summary": "decisions: the selling price will be twenty five euros ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we 'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million euro .", "summary": "decisions: the profit will be fifty million euros ."}
{"dialogue": "um , and make it for an international market .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will target the international market ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve euro and fifty cents .", "summary": "decisions: the control will cost a maximum of twelve euro and fifty cents to produce ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
