{"dialogue": "um the agenda for this meeting <other> is umwe 'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers . and then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that um that we gave gave it . and um talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's a pretty simple design . it 's um based on a mango ?", "summary": "abstract: the designers give the prototype presentation , showing their simple design that is based on a mango ."}
{"dialogue": "and we have the company logo here it 's in the middle of one of the little r _ s . and then the other one is the power . so it 's palm-held . buttons are accessible from your thumb .", "summary": "abstract: they point out the company logo and led , and demonstrate how the device is palm-held and thumb-acessible ."}
{"dialogue": "and this is just if you 've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus . so one plus one would be eleven , you press a plus button ? i 've never heard of that kind before . but if if i wan na go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if i press the six it 'll go to channel six , and then i 'll press the plus , and then it 'll go to six and then put the five and it 'll go to sixty five ? we can further define that . i would n't have thought it 'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five . like as long as we realise that 's what it 'll do . well the there is athere 's a delay on remotes i think . um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers because we thought that 's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb . okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use . um and we 're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , but we 're thinking that , seeing as we 're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , banana 's more representative of our colour scheme , like the companythe yellow and black . or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in", "summary": "abstract: they also discuss the numerical , volume , channel , and power buttons as well as the color scheme ."}
{"dialogue": "evaluation criteria is next in line . um , we 're gon na be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we 've just seen . um and looking looking back at my notes from ourboth our conceptual and our functional meetings , um i made a list of what our original requirements and goals were , um and we 're gon na do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false . so basically the lower p the lower the points the better .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert administers the product evaluation , and they rate each of the ten criteria on a scale of 1-7 ."}
{"dialogue": "do we have a fancy look-and-feel ? we 've been quite successful with the rubber coating the look is a little bit more playful . yeah i guess that depends on your definition of fancy , i mean <other> th the colours we were given for making the prototype are n't the colours that i think we would 've necessarily chosen . i mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours i think it would look quite fancy . <laugh> i kindai like the potato look . it 's a two ? okay so question number two was <other> is it techn technologically innovative ? so i know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative . and the use of the rubber . and we do n't have any scroll buttons , it 's all pushbuttons , there 's no l _ c _ d _ control , so if we 're thinking about the rest of the market , it 's sort of probably halfway . we did n't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would 've defeated the purpose . we 'll put three , but i think we actually reached our goal . uh , will it be easy to use ? yeah . one . you ca n't really get confused with that . the plus number thing . but once that 's figured out , it should be fine . is this a good-looking remote ? again i think the colour comes into this . i think that the logo could be smaller . remember the management said that it it had to be prominent . i like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand . where 's it gon na sit in your living room ? the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit . but then it would n't sit as comfortably in your hand <other> . would we wan na show it off to our friends ? <laugh> okay , so should we say two for that ? will people be willing to spend twenty five euros on this product ? i think we have to market it in the right way , that umto say that it is simplistic . and the kinetic energy part . no , i guess , i do n't know much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for , about ten pounds . but you do n't have to buy batteries . so in the long term this can actually save you money . i would give it a two still though . <other> does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user . i think it does very well . easy to use . okay so one ? will this remote control be easy to find when lost ? is the alarm system stillwas it implemented ? but i mean it 's not obviously obvious from the outside that that 's gon na happen 'cause you ca n't s particularly see an alarm . i thought the light from the inside was gon na light up . you press the button it makes a noise it would just be a little speaker on the back or something . we can give it a one , because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find . will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ? it 's eas they 'll pick it up and they 'll know what to do . the plus thing needs to be worked on . we 'll say yes it 's uh one ? uh , will it minimise the effects of r _ s _ i _ , i think so . we may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we do n't know about . two okay . did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ? well , yeah the colours are yellow and grey . so it could be grey on the banana one . i think this is the the factor that we 've been least successful in confronting . four i think . <other> um , did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ? but maybe more like two", "summary": "abstract: the criteria includes fancy look-and-feel , technological innovation , ease of use , look , whether people would be willing to spend 25 euros for it , whether its operating behavior matches the average user , ease of finding when lost , ease of learning to use , whether it will minimize rsi , incorporation of company colors and logo , and whether it follows the motto ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ? yeah it is one point nine .", "summary": "abstract: they average the scores and get 1.9 ."}
{"dialogue": "so we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing . um we 're using a regular chip . um , it 's cur it 's double curved , so its curved all around . um , we 're using plastic and rubber , so it 's like special colourwell we 'll have two colours well one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons . so um our operating cost is twelve twenty euros .", "summary": "abstract: they check the product costing and find that their operating cost is 12 . 20 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean we were n't really given a lot of time , or materials , yeah , to go about our design task . like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea i guess , but m and like if we had decided to use the l _ c _ d _ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we would n't have been able to afford that . <laugh> good leadership , i think we stayed on task . and also our personal coach helped us along the way , we never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so i think we worked great as a team . we needed more play doh colours . the computer programmes are good . yeah well i guess we reallyitwe bounced off of each other ,", "summary": "abstract: in evaluating the project process they are pleased with their creativity , leadership , timing , teamwork , discussions , and overall product given the resources they had ."}
{"dialogue": "fantastic . thank you very much . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: they close the meeting by thanking one another ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype .", "summary": "decisions: numbers have a circular design ."}
{"dialogue": "um and we 're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , but we 're thinking that , seeing as we 're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green ,", "summary": "decisions: casing will be interchangable and color schemes will be named and colored after fruits and vegetables ."}
{"dialogue": "so it 's like special colourwell we 'll have two colours", "summary": "decisions: will be two colors , one for case and one for buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "um we 're using a regular chip .", "summary": "decisions: will use a regular chip ."}
{"dialogue": "um , it 's cur it 's double curved , so its curved all around .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be double-curved ."}
{"dialogue": "um , we 're using plastic and rubber ,", "summary": "decisions: will be made of plastic and rubber ( rubber on remote for comfort ) ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: product costing is 1.20 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: * na * ."}
