{"dialogue": "uh as you all know we 're here to create a brand new fantastic remote . uh i 'm nick debusk , i 'm the project manager . uh we 'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you 're doing , what your what your role is um . <other> i am corinne whiting and i will be the marketing expert in the function design phase i will be talking about user requirement specification , in the conceptual design phase i will be dealing with trend watching and then finally in the um detailed design phase i will be doing product evaluation , i 'm ryan . um i 'm the user interface designer . um likewise i 've three different roles for each stage of design . um the functional design is looking at the tex technical functions of a remote control . um in the concept design , the user interface , and the detailed design um <other> sort of like the user interface design , <cough> i 'm manuel and i 'm the industrial designer in in this project um . in the functional design phase i'mi 'll be dealing mostly with the requirements , um we 'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on . um um in the conceptual design um i 'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product . and uh the detailed designin the detailed design i 'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves and describe their roles in the upcoming project ."}
{"dialogue": "our our agenda is the opening , uh acquaintance which we 've kinda done . uh tool training , project plan discussion and then closing . we are putting together a new remote control . um we want it to be something original . um of course we 're anot only a electronics company but a fashion um conscious electronics company , so we want it to be trendy um and we want it to be easy to use . <other> um we 've got the functional design , conceptual design and detailed design", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then described the upcoming project ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have , and then we can go into how we 're gon na design it function of remote control is just just change channels is its main function . we want it to be um a t _ v _ remote or i i mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote ? i suppose you c try make it a universal remote but , you know , they all sorta have the same role changing channels , volumes and then programming . i think they all work on the same prin principle as well um one thing i thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em . so if there 's a g a way of finding it quite easily , i thought that 'd be quite good quite a good feature . so we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh like a tracking device you could whistle or make a noise there 's a button on the t _ v _ that you press and it 'd beep . generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . so they 're kinda like long and rectangular . do we want something crazy ? we want something new that 's gon na stand out . maybe sorta spherical or something . a ball . maybe like user-friendly , where you can use both hands , like a little keyboard type thing . i thought maybe , because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another and maybe the actual controls are inside or something . you ca n't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time , so there are always thesome restrictions um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , how sturdy is it gon na be ? we want it to to hold up to somebody 's child , you know , throwing it across the room so ball-shaped , uh you know , if it were ball-shaped maybe , it could be cased on the outside and t everything could be inside . we want it to be modern , fun , sturdy ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed their experiences with remote controls ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's something that we 're supposed to sell for about twenty five euros goals for profits are i think somewhere around uh fifty million euros , what they wan na make on it , so . also since we 're partners of the international remote control association , maybe we wan na make it something that would globally appeal . marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing <laugh> remote control out there . and maybe as far as design goes , maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences , i think , sometimes remotes have too many buttons , so maybe as simple as possible , um as few buttons inside as possible . if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it .", "summary": "abstract: they also discussed the project budget and which features they would like to see in the remote control they are to create ."}
{"dialogue": "do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like ? we want it to be a b a ball , i could draw sorta the ball idea . this is where it 's connected together , and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , maybe a hinge that 'll have to be the strongest part of it . umthe ball is a nice idea because of it 's stability really , also also you risk the hinges here . that 's that 's um a problem . so we 'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , but that 's of course a weak point , yeah . i mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? the shape is perhaps not the most ideal . there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so . i ca n't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , it 's not innovative , everybody does long remote my idea was just to have it be kind of like a keyboard type shape , you know , like video games we could also try to do the hinge thing , so it could like flip out that way . but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier . i mean maybe design something , that 's sort of like <other> so perhaps the the joystickthe the keyboard idea might work better . because eveni suppose even with the ball it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . i think it 's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job . if it 's small it probably looks better , may not be th as functional . say we went with the ball the ball function um , but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um to make it easier to hold on to . but if we 're gon na make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . and then we have the problem with the hinge . the question is also , i dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ? so then we forget the ball . so we 've got our sort of keyboard kind . question is what makes those game pads functional ? i think that 's pretty much the form for full hand . so it 's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy , except for that i think we 'll notprobably not get a get away from some longer design . andbatteries go weak as well , is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side ? so that either way you 're pointing it it would work . o of course the more technology you stick in that , the more it 'll cost , so . but um it 's rather about an instinctual thing , otherwise the design ofor the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work .", "summary": "abstract: the team discussed universal usage , how to find remotes when misplaced , shapes and colors , ball shaped remotes , marketing strategies , keyboards on remotes , and remote sizes ."}
{"dialogue": "marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing <laugh> remote control out there .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will find out what the most universally appealing remote control on the market is ."}
{"dialogue": "and then marketing will look and see what uh what people want .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will research user preferences"}
{"dialogue": "it 's something that we 're supposed to sell for about twenty five euros", "summary": "decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "so then we forget the ball .", "summary": "decisions: the team will not create a ball shaped remote ."}
{"dialogue": "um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , because of it 's stability really , umthe ball is a nice idea so we 'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , i mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so .", "summary": "problems: the stability of a ball shaped remote ."}
{"dialogue": "and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , maybe a hinge that 'll have to be the strongest part of it . also also you risk the hinges here . that 's that 's um a problem . but that 's of course a weak point , yeah . and then we have the problem with the hinge . the question is also , i dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ?", "summary": "problems: having hinges on a ball shaped remote ."}
{"dialogue": "generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . do we want something crazy ? we want something new that 's gon na stand out . maybe sorta spherical or something . a ball . we want it to be a b a ball , i ca n't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , it 's not innovative , everybody does long remote keyboard type shape , you know , like video games because eveni suppose even with the ball it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . so perhaps the the joystickthe the keyboard idea might work better . but if we 're gon na make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . so then we forget the ball . so we 've got our sort of keyboard kind .", "summary": "problems: what shape the remote should be ."}
