{"dialogue": "the last meeting we went over um <other> who was responsible for what . i 'm responsible for leading the meetings , keeping the notes , uh and coming up with the final presentation . um corinne is our marketing expert . um <other> ryan is our user interface designer . and manuel is the industrial designer . <laugh> um we decided our remote , uh we want it to be a universal remote um we want to be modern , um fun , different . uh it needs to be sturdy , um easy to find , so we gon na have that locator function . um and we want to be different . um and then we went over a couple of different ideas . ball-shaped phone . the keyboard shape . um we decided that it should probably be one-handed . something we could use with one hand .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the events and decisions of the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "this is my report , which is going to be based pretty much on a survey first of all , the method that i used was by doing some marketing research , by um doing research on some interviews that were conducted . and then some internet research . i think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed . and so i will show you some of the results from that , they said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls . and seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly . and eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy . i think that 's definitely important . seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot . and if anyone could clarify what that means ? zap , does that just mean like changing the channel ? um and fifty percent of the users say that they 're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control . they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons . and some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all . of course channel selection is used the most frequently . and then teletext was the next . volume and then power . and then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used . i think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button . um the biggest user frustrations , as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere , and so i think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea . thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote . and twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for r _ s _ i _ . <laugh> as far as speech recognition goes , um the younger group looks like they 're all for it . from the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more . and it kind of just went down incrementally . so maybe we could discuss this and decide if we think it 's worth investing in this . at least if we 're targeting the younger groups . in conclusion . some things that i drew from this are that i think we were correct . we definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance , since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of their remote control . um a multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore . uh we need to simplify the remote and reduce the number of buttons , get rid of the ones that do n't seem to be serving much purpose . and then lastly i thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition . now we actually have some ideas of what what people want , what we should focus on . uh", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented research on user preferences and tendencies with remote controls ."}
{"dialogue": "they said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls . and seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly . and eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy . i think that 's definitely important . seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot . and if anyone could clarify what that means ? zap , does that just mean like changing the channel ? um and fifty percent of the users say that they 're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control . and some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all . of course channel selection is used the most frequently . and then teletext was the next . volume and then power . and then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used . i think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button . um the biggest user frustrations , as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere , and so i think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea . thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote . and twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for r _ s _ i _ . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the research indicated that users want remotes to be more attractive , to match the behavior of the user , to be easier to locate when misplaced , and not to cause rsi ."}
{"dialogue": "as far as speech recognition goes , um the younger group looks like they 're all for it . from the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more . and it kind of just went down incrementally . so maybe we could discuss this and decide if we think it 's worth investing in this . at least if we 're targeting the younger groups .", "summary": "abstract: the research also indicated that younger users were interested speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "having just listened to what corinne just said , i 'll draw on some of the things as well . <other> some things that sort of relevant to what i wan na say . i 'm just gon na yeah approach the technical functions design . um <other> the method i used was to explore the uh technical functions of a remote control . and t s simplest approach that i came to is is to change , programme and operate an electronic device remotely . um i had some things sent to me . not very much . to look at similar devices . um we discussed a universal one . but i think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design , and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it , um because you 'd need to know all the spef specifications of a all the like electronic companies . you have to set them , reset them to everything . um and that would only add buttons . whereas i think the aim is to take away buttons . so i think it 'd be better maybe to concentrate on maybe just a universal one for t _ v _ s . here here 's just two pictures of remote controls . but one is uh user-centred . and you can straight away see there 's less buttons . and the other one isengineer-centred where that 's more uh specified for the sort of the elaborate piece of equipment it 's trying to control um and on what thehave said and the market research and stuffprobably looking at something that should be user-centred . fewer buttons , simpler to use , maybe the other fifty percent , the buttons that are used very rarely like programming , they could be hidden maybe some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they 're hidden away . the major findingsmarket researchers have said , it 's the image and the appearance that people di dislike . so that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend . our product i think should be user interface orientated . um like i said to concentrate on t _ v _ remote control ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer spoke on the option to have a universal remote , presented two differently designed remotes available on the market , and described some features a user-centered remote should include ."}
{"dialogue": "gon na talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically which is what dictates the design the both the interface basically and the outer appearance i 'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board . this is the basic basic premise of a remote control . um the basic function is to send messages to another system . an energy source feeds an integrated circuit , like a chip , um there 's uh also some sound systems but infrared is the better or the more more used system . that can compose messages . <other> often in the form of infrared bits . a user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages . um what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there . we 'll start with an energy source . which is usually a battery this energy source of course is connected to the the user interface itself <other> . uh which can be buttons , whatever , which in fact controls a chip . um the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp . andof course that 's controlled , the chip itself is controlled by the user interface . the way you normally normally do it is that you add a little device such as a lamp to the whole thing as well , so that you know that it 's working basically . the the uh energy source for one thing can be altered . what we probably can not alter is of course the infrared , the sending device basically , the infrared lamp . um as we 've heard uh speech recognition is the hype obviously in the moment . <cough> the user interface . that 's something we can also discuss . we can not change the chip or if we just do the usual button thing . or we have a touch pad or something like that and of course the energy source . batteries . solar cells . of course it 's always a question whether these these components are in fact <cough> available cheap enough , developed enough . the more complex we make it of course , the more expensive younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote . possibly it might be worth the investment . i think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work . 'cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and oif it 's on your phone . and you need to sort of take into light languages and then <other> different dialects i suppose as well . imyself i find , when you , h when there 's something like spee speech recognition . like uh you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something . sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end , and you find yours , like you said , saying the same thing over and over and over . another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they 'd do it , but probably a lot of them that 's actually their parents money . i do n't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves , a fifteen year old you know . it 's a , it 's a gimmick factor that they like at first ,", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and then the team discussed the option to include speech recognition in their design ."}
{"dialogue": "i was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements . um the remote 's only gon na be for the television , which is good because we already decided um no teletext . um the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan , which is we put the fashion in electronics . and our corporate colours are grey and yellow . and we could probably get away with black too but", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to abide by ."}
{"dialogue": "um from all all three of your uh presentations , i think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting . we want something that looks good . um we want something that 's simple . we want something that you can find easily . um and the speech recognition i i guess is kind of uh give or take . probably , i would say , probably not worth the investment at this point in time . i did have have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing . if it came with maybe a holder or holster , whatever you wan na call it . but if you do n't put it back in , you press something like a little button on that , and that just sort of sends out a beep <other> to find where it is or something . just by infrared . that 'd be , that 'd be good if we were going with our our ball . or or withyou know i guess with any form that that would be good . that could be the charger . we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote . however , however you wanted to go about it , the holder could also be the charging unit . um with the locator button . it looks like you 're already on your way for uh working with the components . user interface concept , we want it to be something simple . umminimal number of buttons . i do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one-handed . the ball is probably not a good idea . umshall we maybe shoot for a a specific uh target group ? if we were shooting for young guys then it 's um a certain look to the remote . or girls or older people ? i do n't know if that might cope with like the trend-watching . but maybe by the next meeting we 'll have some info on that . we 'll just say we 've got a colour scheme for it . yellow it 's nice and bright , with the buttons being grey or black . and our slogan pasted somewhere on it , on the the bottom maybe we could flare it or something . of course this will look like a bone then . it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones , and the shapes that the they 've been going . mobile phones um they 've kind of taken a turn to where they 're really small . um which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time . <other> maybe we could go with a square or something . um with minimal number of buttons . i guess you 've got you know one through nine . for typing in your channels . uh you 've got volume , up and down . channel up and down . power . um a mute . a menu button , maybe . if we want the remote to do other things like umor i guess the t _ v _ to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into t _ v _ s , we just have that under one standard menu button press the menu button , scroll up and down to select it . talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad . would probably be like a scrolling , little scrolling wheel like this . like a wheel on your mouse . if we 're coming from mice , we can even add a click function , where you , in order to verify the information you just press it down . also when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing , if you wan na make it square for the looks of it , then maybe to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing , you add a little bulge down here . then you hold it in your hand like this . and maybe you bring the buttons nearer to theor the imp more important buttons nearer to the to the side . the bigger ones you know they could actually be bigger in size than the ones that are less important , the smaller here . you can also have it , maybe , talking about mobile phones again , sliding open . on a sort of side view . something that you know it would sort of fit in the hand better . causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually . so . instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person . maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote . <laugh> special order . it should be probably designed for a right-handed p person . i mean i 'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort ofthat sort of <other> the sort of early idea we had , with the way that was more like that , if we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one . mm . then there 's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing . and just a couple of functions in there . like your zap zapping device is just u channels up-down , uh volume , and on-off . you give it the full functions in here , means the big one has to be sufficiently big . and perhaps heavy ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed the option to include a recharger with a locater button in their design , the appearance of their remote , buttons , how to make an ergonomic remote , and the option to have a two-piece remote ."}
{"dialogue": "manuel you 're going to work on the components for for what we 're gon na use .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on components ."}
{"dialogue": "let 's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece . so one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand . um", "summary": "action: the team will explore the option of a two-piece remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> and ryan you work on um how how well they 'll work with the us with the user . so both of those concepts .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will explore how well a rounded , ergonomic remote and a two-piece remote work with the user ."}
{"dialogue": "you 're watching trends", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will examine trend watching reports"}
{"dialogue": "um the remote 's only gon na be for the television ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "um no teletext . um", "summary": "decisions: the team will not work with teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan ,", "summary": "decisions: the corporate color and slogan must be incorporated into the design ."}
{"dialogue": "um we want something that 's simple . user interface concept , we want it to be something simple .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be simple ."}
{"dialogue": "we want something that looks good .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will look appealing ."}
{"dialogue": "we want something that you can find easily . um", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be easy to find ."}
{"dialogue": "umminimal number of buttons .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a minimal number of buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "yellow it 's nice and bright , with the buttons being grey or black .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be yellow with black or gray buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "and our slogan pasted somewhere on it , on the the bottom", "summary": "decisions: the corporate slogan will appear on the bottom of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "uh you 've got volume , up and down . i guess you 've got you know one through nine . for typing in your channels . channel up and down . power . um a mute . a menu button , maybe .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have buttons for numbers , volume up and down , channel up and down , power , mute , and a menu ."}
{"dialogue": "talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad . would probably be like a scrolling , little scrolling wheel like this . like a wheel on your mouse .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will include a scroll action ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean i 'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort ofthat sort of <other> the sort of early idea we had , with the way that was more like that , so one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand . um", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be rounded in shape such that it fits comfortably in the hand ."}
{"dialogue": "i think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work . 'cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and oif it 's on your phone . imyself i find , when you , h when there 's something like spee speech recognition . like uh you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something . sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end , and you find yours , like you said , saying the same thing over and over and over .", "summary": "problems: the reliability of speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote . possibly it might be worth the investment . i think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work . 'cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and oif it 's on your phone . and you need to sort of take into light languages and then <other> different dialects i suppose as well . imyself i find , when you , h when there 's something like spee speech recognition . like uh you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something . sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end , and you find yours , like you said , saying the same thing over and over and over . another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they 'd do it , but probably a lot of them that 's actually their parents money . i do n't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves , a fifteen year old you know . it 's a , it 's a gimmick factor that they like at first , and the speech recognition i i guess is kind of uh give or take . probably , i would say , probably not worth the investment at this point in time .", "summary": "problems: whether to include speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually . so . instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person . maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote . <laugh> special order . it should be probably designed for a right-handed p person .", "summary": "problems: how to accommodate left-handed people with an ergonomic design that fits right-handed people ."}
