{"dialogue": "<other> i 'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes . <laugh> um we decided that , or we know that we need to use company colours , company logo . our marketing expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users . um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before . um which were all things we were thinking we wouldwanna make it simple . um and that it should look different than what 's out there . um uh i think we decided that um the expense was not necessarily worth it , um and that we did n't wan na go with a universal remote , because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity . i believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be . um <other> um something that will fit into uh easily into someone 's hand . <other> and with a scrolling um function also .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed the minutes of the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i was given a brief executive summary , and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at . um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design , um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative . and thirdly the remote would be easy to use . and again these are all things we 've kind of already come up with on our own , but this just backs it up . as far as fashion update , we 've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . um and also , as opposed to last year , this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed the results of trend watching reports which indicated a need for products which have a fancy look and feel , are technologically innovative , easy to use , include a fruit and vegetable theme , and are spongy in feel ."}
{"dialogue": "we need to keep it simple , have limited buttons , but i think that , even if it 's very subtle , we need to kind of trick our consumers , so they at least get the idea that they 're getting something that 's new and modern and sleek and we brought up the idea of having two pieces , which we could discuss further . um <laugh> we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables . possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones ? personalise your remote .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert stressed the need to incorporate these findings into the team 's design and suggested that the team should create a remote that has limited buttons , can be personalized , and is not rectangular ."}
{"dialogue": "um i was sent some information from the company saying that they , the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology , where you can program questions into such devices . they gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question , you program the answer , and the machine responds accordingly . there 's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote . um there 's a graphical use , where you you look at pictures and well on a screen . a command line where you obviously type things in , and you get a response . um and then it ju that 's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer briefly described how speech recognition technology works and what ways a user can use a remote ."}
{"dialogue": "so , then i had a look at new products that are on the market . um this is the voice , there is a voice recognition remote control , which can control mus multiple devices . and then on the right is obviously an ipod , and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through . and nothing 's simpler really . um then there 's things like this , which is a a a kid 's remote , where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before . so i do n't knowif there 's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components , maybe we 've so suggested this two-part thing , where if it was to have a speech recognition thing , and then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier , as the actual remote . it could be a graphical display , the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an ipod where you just sort of control through the menus .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented three existing products on the market - a voice recognition remote , an ipod , and a children 's remote - and discussed a few features to include in the team 's design ."}
{"dialogue": "the details of the components ' design , as you can see there , what we have is the board , main board of the remote control . top left side you can see the chip , which is the , what we were talking about , this was is the device to recognise the signals the input , <cough> its job is to wait for you to press a key , then to translate that key press into infrared light signals , um that are received by the television . <cough> um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time . we are talking something more complicated of course , it 's going to be more expensive as well . um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell , or in the material that we could use for our outer shell . so we what we can use is plastic , rubber , wood and titanium . can also mix these . um what we could use is , or what i was offered , or what we could use , is a basic bateer battery . so um obviously i personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really . um solar cell is interesting . <other> may fail though , every here and there . um the kinetic energy thing um might work , um but the same problem . you leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work . so i 'd say what we 're stuck with really is um the basic battery . our interface options are push-buttons . however <other> when it comes to the scroll wheel of the ipod i 've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an l _ c _ d _ into the remote control as well . if we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that i 've just presented , um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well . solar cells can not be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control . with the titanium um we can not make it a curved design . with plastic , as i understand it , you can use any form . <other> with rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it , but we can not add scroll wheels , and we can not add an l _ c _ d _ screen .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the restrictions involved in combining various components , energy sources , and materials ."}
{"dialogue": "and um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? how about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ? say we do n't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , but uh give it like the surface of an orange , banana , whatever .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer also discussed with the how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into their design ."}
{"dialogue": "so is the two piece idea out ? well we sort ofrid of that becausegonna use a battery . well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base , having one of them be a base station , <other> energy source i think we 've , i think we 've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet . okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as i said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . so i guess the case would be plastic , withperhaps that 's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . it 's more of a su it 's more of a supplement maybe . so then for the scroll , are we going for the ipod type ? <other> which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ?", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed and decided what components , materials , and energy sources to use ."}
{"dialogue": "um ryan you 'll be working on the user interface design . um", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface design ."}
{"dialogue": "manuel you 'll be working on the look-and-feel design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel design ."}
{"dialogue": "corrine we 'll want a product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "and the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh maybe and and get us a prototype . basicallyjust be working on the prototype , <other> uh we 'll accomplish your other two actions .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer and industrial designer will work on a prototype"}
{"dialogue": "so i 'd say what we 're stuck with really is um the basic battery . <other> energy source i think we 've , i think we 've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use conventional batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "so i guess the case would be plastic , withperhaps that 's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . it 's more of a su it 's more of a supplement maybe .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of plastic with rubber grips ."}
{"dialogue": "so then for the scroll , are we going for the ipod type ? yeah i think so . <other> which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a scroll function similar to the scroll function found on ipods . the remote will use a more expensive , advanced chip-on-print ."}
{"dialogue": "and um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ?", "summary": "problems: how to have a curved remote made with rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean i guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable . or with exterior designs . so maybe we could have something that 's somewhat removable , is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? i would say , if i were to make a decision , i would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance . i think having a shape could be a little ridiculous , how about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ? say we do n't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , an orange , banana , whatever . but uh give it like the surface of", "summary": "problems: how to include a fruit and vegetable theme ."}
{"dialogue": "okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as i said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . <other> which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ?", "summary": "problems: what sort of chip to use ."}
{"dialogue": "is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? and um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . so i guess the case would be plastic , withperhaps that 's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it .", "summary": "problems: whether to use plastic or rubber ."}
