{"dialogue": "we uhwe will wait for anna , a few minutes . i think you can put anywhere you want , actually . it 's not a directional mic , anyway . so i will try to get my presentation running . ca n't help you with that . alt f _ five . does n't appear on the screen here . it 's working <laugh> .", "summary": "abstract: the meeting begins with the group trying to resolve some equipment issues and waiting for anna 's arrival ."}
{"dialogue": "welcome at uhat the kick off meeting of our uh latest project . w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here . um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other . see what our roles are in this project . we have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uhto communicate and to well , learn from each other 's plans w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan . you all know i hope <laugh> how it 's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design . uh then we will uh discuss and uhwh what uh what our new product should look litelike .", "summary": "abstract: then the project manager introduces the meeting by saying they have some technical tools with which to communicate so they will try to get acquainted with them first ."}
{"dialogue": "basically this is about a uh a new c remote control . um when you design a new product you ofuh you of course want it to be original . we want to be distinguished , so it needs to be trendy . people uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think , well that 's the product i i need . but then , uh , it also should work uh user friendly", "summary": "abstract: he starts talking about the product they are to design , a remote control which should be original , trendy , and user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase . um you all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase and uh then we will meet again and uh discuss this functional design . and the same holds for the uh ph two phases uh after this , the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design in which the the final project should get its definite shape .", "summary": "abstract: the general outline of the project will be the functional , conceptual , and detailed design ."}
{"dialogue": "but first we will do some uh tool training . and we have here a aaa white-board . i 've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar . i did n't find out yet how it work , under documents in the shared folder . i i i 'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh . i guess we 'll have a shared folder uh with documents that we can share . now we will try out the white-board we have here . each of us is going . i <laugh> i 'm not really sure how this works , but shall i start ? i think for us it 's just like a normal whiteboard , but they 'll be recording what we write down . maybemaybe anna , maybe you can start . why do n't you draw uh <laugh> your favourite animal on on th on the white-board . it 's a dog . it 's a horse . <laugh> a blue and black zebra <laugh> . that'sthat 's definitely a cat . it 's a shark ,", "summary": "abstract: they do some tool training by trying out the whiteboard , and each person draws his / her favorite animal on it ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> let 's continue to uhto the real stuff . um our project uh finance uh thing . uh when we areand when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five euros , more interesting for our company <laugh> of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million euro . to get at a international market um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve euro and fifty cents . they have to sell at least four million to make a profit <laugh> i think w when we are working on the international market , uh in principle it has enough customers and uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point , it has to be original , it has to be trendy , it has to be user friendly . um , maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control . of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control . we are targ targeting the television set . <other> you need to browse thebrowse the channels in upward downward way , you need to record the channels .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager proceeds to talk about the project finance , which is followed by a group discussion about what functions a good remote control has ."}
{"dialogue": "of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> <other> you need to browse thebrowse the channels in upward downward way , you need to record the channels .", "summary": "abstract: this includes the basics such as on / off , channel up / down browsing , volume and record button ( s ) ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh just before starting the detailed discussion , maybe we are the marketing guy ? or . i 'm marketing and you are in the u use user interface uh design . and i i 'm the the industrial designer i 'm matthew . you know . <laugh> mael . . anna a and i 'm nanne . are there some other very important things to to dowell , the browse function , as you m mentioned . and uh , you 'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel", "summary": "abstract: at this point they clarify their names and roles in the group and then resume talking about remote control functions ."}
{"dialogue": "today we have uh um teletext and all those things . tomorrow you might have a some more functions for example personal video recorder and all those stuffs are coming up . . but we ca n't really design for something that has n't been invented yet uh w y you two shouldshould , i think , think this over uh w espec what , what functionality . and first before um designing the func thinking about the functionalities , we need to know what are the user requirements . . butninety percent of the time , ninety nine percent of the time , people will be using the main functions , the volume , the different channels so we can have all the fancy things as well but the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use mm mm mm . keep k keep in mind i it 's ait 's a twenty five euro unit , so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out , i think . twenty five euro you expect a quite , well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control . so we need some numbering buttons , some teletext things the main is browsing . yeah . but but but ab about the spec the buttons , the buttons uh that will be on it . i i think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting .", "summary": "abstract: they discuss some functions such as a personal video recorder , but say it is probable that they can not produce a fancy device given their budget ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i would like to get this wrapped up you know now the basicthe basic things . justjust for the next meeting , um well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design , i meanso w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions . um you will be working onon technical function design , so and uh youand you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements , does it need internet , or or do do we stay at basic basic television uh interface . and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication . next meeting will be in uhin thirty minutes uh .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what he / she will be working on ."}
{"dialogue": "well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design ,", "summary": "action: the interface designer will work on a general design ."}
{"dialogue": "um you will be working onon technical function design , so", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the technica function design ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh youand you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements ,", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will think about user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "uh when we areand when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five euros ,", "summary": "decisions: the selling price of the product will be about twenty five euros each ."}
{"dialogue": "um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve euro and fifty cents .", "summary": "decisions: the production cost will be twelve euros and fifty cents ."}
{"dialogue": "more interesting for our company <laugh> of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million euro . to get at a international market", "summary": "decisions: the profit will be about fifty million euro . -the remote will target an international market ."}
{"dialogue": "we are targ targeting the television set .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be for use with the television set ."}
{"dialogue": "of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> <other> you need to browse thebrowse the channels in upward downward way , you need to record the channels . the browse function , as you m mentioned . and uh , you 'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel", "summary": "decisions: the necessary buttons are on / off , channel up / down browsing , volume , and record button ( s ) ."}
{"dialogue": "mm mm mm . keep k keep in mind i it 's ait 's a twenty five euro unit , so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out , i think . twenty five euro you expect a quite , well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control . but but but ab about the spec the buttons , the buttons uh that will be on it . i i think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting .", "summary": "problems: they have not decided what functions the remote can have , but they have discussed that they may not be able to produce something extremely fancy with the given budget ."}
{"dialogue": "and first before um designing the func thinking about the functionalities , we need to know what are the user requirements .", "summary": "problems: they will need to examine user requirements before deciding on what functionalities are necessary ."}
