{"dialogue": "i suggest we start the meeting uh without matthew uh he 's uh obviously late for some reason . today uh we will uh talk about uh conceptual design . i hope uh you both did some uh some work uh concerning a uh conceptual design . um this will be the uh agenda for the meeting uh . uh i will take some minutes uh again . um we will have the presentations of y of you different team members , and then try to come to decisions uh about the concepts uh you have presented . we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh .", "summary": "abstract: then the project manager opens the meeting announcing that they will address conceptual design and then giving the agenda ."}
{"dialogue": "do you ha anna do you have your presentation ready ? i think <other> yeah thematthew it is it 's important that matthew yeah is here there is matthew . this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we 're gon na use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment . we have to work out a waywhat we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wan na buy it . <other> we basically used um some focus group surveys and um some research on the current design um and fashion trends that are out there at the moment um , the important aspects that came out were things that we 've already discussed really . the most important by far was the look and feel of it .", "summary": "abstract: matthew arrives late and the marketing expert begins her presentation about trends ."}
{"dialogue": "it needs to be something that 's very different from everything else out there . it needs to stand out <cough> . it needs to be not functional like the rest of the things out there at the moment . we need to have something that looks interesting , that looks exciting , that will stand out . that was twice as i important as the next item on here which is that it has to be technologically innovative people have to then think about it and saygot something there that i want . that 's a really cool feature , third on the list , and again innovative was twice as important as this last um aspect , it has to be easy to use . so they have to be able tobe able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it um .", "summary": "abstract: she emphasizes that the remote needs to be exciting , contain a cool feature , and be somewhat intuitive ."}
{"dialogue": "drawing on the fashion trends at the moment , uh fruit and vegetables um . this is basically talking about just the the feel of it , so probably not the smell of it , but the bright colours , um eye-catching , really bold designs , and a spongy feel . um i had a talk to the design people about this , but having a remote that 's tactile , that feels different , that would be really cool . can you repeat and be more precise about what you just said ? spongy is the current thing . spongy is the current texture , but basically there are no reports no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all , so if we make it like maybe furry or soft or something , that 'll be something that sets it apart , rather than just bare plastic which they all are at the moment . going with the fruit and vegetable idea , we 've got the bright colours , so makes it stand out , the oranges and the the bright yellows and the florescent colours , part of the fruit and vegetables um .", "summary": "abstract: she reports that currently fruits and vegetables are fashionable- thus bright eye-catching colors , bold designs , and a spongy feel is appropriate ."}
{"dialogue": "going back to the idea of taking inspiration from mobile phones , a lot of them have the changeable covers , so they can choose what colour the outside is . textured feel we just talked about . so if it 's part of the the changeable covers then may maybe they can choose a different texture , a spongy one or a soft one or something like that . yeah that 's a very good idea , yeah . still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design so functionality , the way the mobile phones work , the way the keypad looks . um we talked about having a way of finding a remote control if it 's been lost , there are other aspects like l _ c _ d _ screens and speech recognition which weren'ti do n't think , in my personal opinion , gon na be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them . i think we 're better doing something basic like this and verywill be a really cool feature to put in . maybe we just , the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe , by themselves , and then th th the finer details of buttons you do n't use as much either hidden away or completely separate . yes the the the there are changeable covers , but on the other hand i i do n't know whether my superiors would be so glad with it because <other> you have to introduce a complete uh uh new l line of uh of supplies uh it would be uh very complicated uh organisational we can afford to have two or three different designs at least . i mean those covers could go for for three , five euro <other> .", "summary": "abstract: she lists ideas such as changable covers , a locator , speech recognition , and lcd screens ."}
{"dialogue": "then the the idea of uh having a remote is generally you have uh different keys and uh different structures , different forms , and uh they could be like buttons and um they could be of uh a varying sizes if you want to to uh basically emphasize a particular key more than the other , and uh maybe like you can have different colours for example having the r red for the on off switching on and off the button . so what i have found was that uh currently uh thethey are mostly that the t _ v _ , v _ c _ r _ , music system operated ones actually , for example if you want to follow the v _ c _ r _ and if you want to follow the uh g uh s some uh soundtrack on the w w see they have the common thing actually you can have like the remote with l _ c _ d _ display for browsing because you have multiple functionalities for example you are watching a movie , and uh uh you are <other> having a universal remote control and you want to uh you do n't know really which functionality isnow , for example i can use a simple toggle switch , and a display , so i press it so the display says , okay , i 'm in t _ v _ or d _ v _ d _ or whatever it is , instead of having three keys separately for four keys , there can be children friendly where you can programme your remote so that they they are not allowed uh to browse certain channels which you can block them , and you can operate them . and maybe having something like a blinking thing , like uh it could indicate you 're uhit it could indicate what is cal like the uh whether uh you you have enough battery in your in your uh remote , the blinking . at the same time , if it 's a dark room , it can be used to locate the remote also y you want to let the user to programming the keys ? some of them ? yeah you can let them to do that . and uh is n't that too difficult i do n't know if we still want the um r _ c _ to be easy to use , it d depends on the easiness like the user how much effort he can put . you can have it so it 's easythey can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it , or if they want to they have the option of using these extra features .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial specialist presents , talking about how a remote typically has different keys , structures and forms ."}
{"dialogue": "i like the idea though of having speech recognition for like the n the name of a channel like b _ b _ c _ , rather than having to remember the the number of it on the keypad . because uh as more and more channels come then you have more and more problems to remember the v v exact channel numbers ex exactly , there is also um a speech recognition to store channel information , names , if you have a multiple functionality , say t _ v _ , v _ c _ r _ or something i say it to the t _ v _ and thet _ v _ , and you can programme the keys if you want to , certain keys are even the channel information <other> . in the present market i saw it that says something like they are looking for <other> eighty word thing , eighty word , which should n't be th that difficult to implement , like eighty to hundred word . basically you want you do n't want to store all the channels in the remote control , you want to st store your favourite channel . maybe ten channels , yeah at the most . i personally would look at <other> things like having a u universal remote , instead of havingunusual ones for all of them you can think of having , um with multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition . i got a mail from the the coffee machine interface unit that uh they have uh integrated the s speech recognition into a into the coffee machine , and so if you say hello coffee machine , it say hi joe , or something like that , but a coffee machine , there 's not too many words they 'd be using with that it 's a it 's a small vocabulary . so it 's a limited vocabulary mm thing , and very isolated word and it 's uh it is interesting , and basically storing the channel through voice or other ways of programming your keys , on the display for the browsing", "summary": "abstract: he likes the idea of implenting speech recognition into a universal remote ."}
{"dialogue": "because i i 'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve euro and fifty cents . i 'm sorry to have <other> every time i have to come down on this price again so this might be a little limiting for your creativity , do we think these ideas <other> an and my uh sp speech recognition , i mean maybe it 's possible for for twelve euro but then then it will be at cost of other functionality we might implement like the uh uh the the the furry uh <other> uh case of the <other> i would say that for programming uh keys , you said , uh it could be uh easily uh done within the the package of twel twelve euros , i if if it 's a low vocabulary it 's already implemented , and w how much it 's cost , maybe with a f cheap chip .", "summary": "abstract: they discuss without certainity about the cost of such functions ."}
{"dialogue": "what i 'm gon na present here is very uh um yeah basic knowledge about the all the the components that are inside a a r _ c _ a remote control , and how is it manufactured h what is the process , just to explain you . there is a a set of components in a in a remote control the the components in themself do not cost a lot there are two uh different types of uh umtwo different ways of using the the components for making a a remote control . uh the basic way is to use a an integrated circuit and some uh transistors with an that aims at communicating uh uh the message and to to send the message to the um to the led that will uh transmit to the receiver . the other components and the circuit boardbuttons , infrared <laugh> , led , etcetera , for the components just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed , and then it translate to the key , to a sequence , something like morse code , as you know , uh with a different sequence for each key , electronic parts are assembled onto uh printed boards uh because it 's easier to mass produce and assemble . i think <other> for our design we want some b uh programmable uh you know v _ v _ l _ s _ i _ or f _ p _ g _ a _ uh high technology , and also we 'll use uh yeah like in any uh high-tech uh devices a chip of fi fibreglass tothem and connect them . my personal design <other> we need to find a solution what um what is the material of the cover we want to use . if it 's plastic m m maybe m maybe we can give the uh the uh the case a very uh uh normal a v very normal case but , with the changeable covers to fancy it up . so like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in , for instance , a wooden case . they also emailed me that uh they have <other> available a bunch of different buttons , a scroll wheels , integrated push buttons s such as acomputer mouse . and uh very cheap l _ c _ d _ s , so liquid crystal displays , so i 'm wondering , i think we might be able to integrate l _ c _ d _ into our r _ c _ . and the final point okay is um we haveyeah there are some uh compromise to to do . we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip , but the scroll wheel uh and that kind of higher high-tech stuff needs more money um which is a higher price range and the display requires an advanced chip , which in turns is more expensive than the regular chip , but <other> i think uh with twelve euros um and if it 's uh uh made for mm four million uh items , then i think w we could be able to handle that . and uh for the designing of the cove uh uh cover layout then it 's better to to to maybe see that with uh the the u _ r _ exp u _ r _ i _ expert so that we canit 's really a team-working for example uh i wanted to know like if you want to have a a fo if you want to have the l _ c _ d _ display over there , or if you want to store a programmes with a keys it 's kind of um simplepro progra programmable device , and we have to insert . i think we could insert one that could underlie several functions how f cost effective it would be to put that car chip into it and do the programmable things . i think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this . i understand uh when we want a display we need a expensive chip , but when we want a scrolling wheel w we also need the expensive chip , so can we use same chip , so with one expensive chip we can uh implement several complicated uh or advanced features . exactly yeah that 's a very good idea , when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget , uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip , i do n't know if it 'll fit into our cost of twelve point five euro you know . i think both uhif we had a budget of twenty twenty uh euros , it will be okay , maybe we need specific costings then . do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gon na fit in our budget better . wh when you make a <other> a design ca you can <other> next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price . like what will be the each individually the cost of it . uh'cause it'si think it 's m much easier to use a plastic or a rubberrather than wood . it will be much ch much expensive i think uh i think we can just use more cheap plastic for a kind of basic edition , but i it 's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood , and we need maybe to centre our description on uh the the really the what buttons what uh functionality we want to offer to the user , and maybe with uh <other> graphs or i do n't know uh we now can concentrate on the on the basic remote control . we can give them smooth keys , the the problem most of the time we 've seen , the keys is that it 's small , for example , as i wasif you make them big , it may change the look of the thing also to the people . and not too m too many keys of course yeah . one i 've had before , a r r remote control we have at home is one that 's actually got a cover on the bottom so the bottom bit is just , covers half the keys most of the time , so maybe it 's possible uh , i do n't know whether you can can indicate this , that you can elsewhere open your remote control and on the inside are uh buttons you do n't use that much . can we think about maybe having a a non-recta non non-rectangular one , so with not just the straight little box maybe we need to also to make a decision on how how how big we want to be and how many buttons like n we should <other> dec decide numbers or", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presents about remote control components and the manufacturing process , listing options such as various buttons , scroll wheels , integrated push buttons like those in a computer mouse , and lcds . they discuss the project budget and the possibility of using an expensive chip ."}
{"dialogue": "do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gon na fit in our budget better . wh when you make a <other> a design ca you can <other> next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price . let let 's say next meeting w <other> you produce two designs , one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price .", "summary": "abstract: they decide to make two designs , one more advanced than the other ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we might be out of time out of time for this meeting . ju just make two designs , and the we we can decide decide between th those designs . maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices , if you 're using speech recognition or something like that . is there anything else i need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting ? uh , i do n't know whether that 's possible , maybe you can start evaluating uh their work somehow . is this <other> me designing a way to evaluate it <other> i do n't know whether that 's possible uh in the given time but a as far as possible . one for like cost and the one with like higher-end so that then we can be easily comparing them let 's call this to an end .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what his / her tasks will be until the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices , if you 're using speech recognition or something like that .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will look for the cost inventories of other devices , such as speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe you can start evaluating uh their work somehow .", "summary": "action: she will also start evaluating the team 's work if possible ."}
{"dialogue": "you two will be together w working on a o on two prototypes", "summary": "action: the industial and interface designer will work together on the two prototypes ( one cost-effective and one higher-end ) ."}
{"dialogue": "and further instructions will be uh will be sent to you by uh by email .", "summary": "action: they will recieve further instructions by email ."}
{"dialogue": "we can give them smooth keys , the the problem most of the time we 've seen , the keys is that it 's small , for example , as i wasif you make them big , it may change the look of the thing also to the people . and not too m too many keys of course yeah .", "summary": "decisions: they decide that the keys on the remote should be smooth , big , and there should not be too many ."}
{"dialogue": "when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget , uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip , i do n't know if it 'll fit into our cost of twelve point five euro you know . do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gon na fit in our budget better . wh when you make a <other> a design ca you can <other> next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price . let let 's say next meeting w <other> you produce two designs , one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price .", "summary": "problems: they are not certain if the project budget will allow them to use the more expensive chip , so they decided to make two prototypes so that they can compare them and possibly find a compromise ."}
