{"dialogue": "i think to sum up the last meeting , would be to say um the requirements that we 've um set out . those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on uh a small joystick , <other> l _ c _ d _ and a couple of other buttons for navigation um with power being i suppose one of the main single purpose buttons . um we were also going to usenovelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck , and also because of the minimal design um looks like we 'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "this uh meeting is the conceptual design phase and is to cover things like um what the parts might be made of , um , the case uh le that 's what i wrote first of all , could be plastic our plastic . uh but later onwe found out that um it can be rubber as well , or titanium or even wood . we decide what it 's gon na be . probably plastic . uh we need the infra-red transmitter . uh joystick we 'll probably if we 're gon na use it , um could be plastic w or rubber even as well . um three different types of batteries . um can either use a hand dynamo , or the kinetic type ones , you know that they use in watches , or else uh a solar powered one . um the bat uh the battery for a a watch would n't require a lot of power , would be my one query . is a kinetic one going to be able to supply enough power ? and solar cells , i dunno about that . uh . we should probably just use conventional batteries . um , just like in usual remote controls . um . <other> and these are three different types ofor two different typesthree different types of shapes you can have . uh one is a flat one , and then more original ones are single curved one or one with a double curved . but uh you ca n't have a titanium one for a double curved , the single curved and double curved , would you be able to give an example ? double curved . it probably meansthis is probably double curved . uh whereas a single curved would be like that . it looks better than the single curve , but uh you ca n't have it in titanium , and for the buttons , um it can have the scroll wheel uh but um it requires a more expensive chip to use , and if you wan na use l _ c _ d _ it 's even more expensive . there 's trade-offs there . um you have to decide , if you have a double curve uh control and it 's rubber , then you have these rubber buttons as well . i reckon you 're gon na have to have uh key a number keypad anyway for the amount of channels these days . like when we 're saying that we 'd need an advanced chip for an l _ c _ d _ , does that in shoot the cost up by a drastic amount ? or ? we have to look into the costs of those . uh the previous slides just explain what 's in the internal components of the uh remote control . and uh then the next slide just shows how the uh copper wires uh interact with the buttons , the rubber buttons , uh to uh get sent to the chip . translate the key press into an infra-red signal and this is received by the t _ v _ . in the information that you 've been supplied , how feasible would you say that the idea of using an l _ c _ d _ looks ? umi think we can do it if <other> uh we use conventional batteries and not have solar cells or kinetic . um and then maybe use single curved uh case . um i 'm actually gon na be bold and go oo go straight for rubber um for reasons i 'll go into uh in more detail . i also have a preference for rubber .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented options for batteries , materials and shapes to use for the case , buttons , and chips ."}
{"dialogue": "uh um i was given a an h _ t _ m _ l _ file giving um various ideas from uh from other previous remote control designs , and pretty much decided to just dump them all . i was n't very impressed by them uh nothing i saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we 're going for today . rather than looking at other remotes , uh ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand . um so that if r a if <other> so that the finger is e each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already . um and what we 've basically decided on was the the um the joy uh the joystick , two function buttons and the l _ c _ d _ , i do n't actually think we need the um the numeric keypad because one of the menus that we could have available um <other> v via via the l _ c _ d _ is one where you scroll through channels , you must have two two modes , basic mode , where um the joystick 's uh left right <other> left right for channels , up down for volume , um and the uh uh and the menu mode for uh further functions . um now the reason i was particularly interested in using rubber for this is that if we 're going to have a highly ergonomic design , um it needs to be ergonomic for left or right handed people . that would suggest the double curved design 's probably going to be most appropriate , then . and <other> also this isa rather nicer de uh design gimmick that the <other> the um you know the whole thing you know <other> it should have sort of organic feel to it that it should be , you know , soft to touch the um the joystick unit should rest over the uh the joint of the f of the uh four finger um and it would need t there would need to be ait would need to be articulated just below that so that it could be switched around for uh left or right handed users . and you then have , at the uh at the bottom , the l _ c _ d _ , and this would need to be articulated as well . the t uh the top function button in basic mode would be the on off switch and menu mode would be the enter button . and then the bottom function buttons switches between between modes . programming them can be a right pain . so i thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer some <other> some fair ivfairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that youon yourcomputer and you could download programs for it from uh for uh t _ v _ s from all sort of main manufacturers .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for an ergonomic remote which conforms to the shape and movements of the human hand , as well as an option in which users could connect their remotes to computers in order to download program settings ."}
{"dialogue": "we compared uh whether people want the remote control to do a lot of stuff or they want it to look cool . and then we we research uh fashion trends in europe , uh we found , in order of importance , people want the remote control to look cool more than they want it to to be cool . as in they want it to do a lot of good s and if it does do a lot that 's a bonus , but they do n't care so much , technology technicaltechnologically innovative . people want it to be that , but s still they care more about the way it looks than what it does . like the interface is really important . <other> and easy to use , it it just so happens that uh from the second point to the third point is twice as importanti mean the second point is twice as important as the third point . <other> the fashion , now this is seems a bit odd to me , but fruit and veg is the new is the new black for furniture , for clothes , for shoes . how that relates to a remote control i do n't know . spongy . if it 's the type of rubber that you can squeeze , you know , it 's spongy , thencan i skip the rest ? the uh rubber material is the type of stress ball material , not just normal rubber . kinda spongy material . <other> um we want something fancy and techni technologically innovative , obviously . but what we what we need is something that looks like it 's from the future um now the fruit and veg options , either we we go in that direction or we stay totally away from it . but if we 're gon na go along with it then it does n't necessarily have to be like an apple or something like that , or a kiwi fruit . <other> few questions about a spongy remote control . i 've never seen one before . if we want something strong and sturdy , i say stay with plastic or titanium , but if we go with spongy , we can stress that you can drop this as many times as you want , i just do n't know how the l _ e _ d _ and the lights are gon na fit into a spongy material if we 're gon na use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is , and also , this was this year . things change all the time , every year", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed findings from trendwatching reports , which indicated a need for products which look fancy , are technologically innovative , are easy to use , have a fruit and vegetable theme , and are spongy ."}
{"dialogue": "seems like a a lot of the components could be off the shelf , um having the use of the l _ c _ d _ and the joystick would probably allow you to manipulate enough channel numbers if you 've got a lot of channels , the number keypad can be quite annoying as well , what it looks like to me is we 'll use a large number of standard components , um , say something like um lithium ion battery , looks like wegoing for a double curved design . um i do n't know what cost implications there are in that . um , looks like we 're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber . though i 'd have to say <other> depending on how flexible it is , we might need to have some kind of inner frame . there would be basically two points of articulation . w um one below and one above the m the uh the main sort of grip . do you think there 's any way we could maybe remove the articulation ? but it could be a weak point in um the structure , do you think ? if you then have a sort of outer skin of mm flexible , spongy rubber then you have something that is you know very much you know organic , if we take some of the ideaswhy do n't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo ? sure , yeah . make it harder to lose , as well . <other> the noise for when you lose the banana , um f yeah , for when you lose the remote control , <laugh> it could be like a a monkey noise or something like that , rather than a standard beep beep . y <laugh> you lose the banana , you press a button , and you hear like monkey screams or something like that to direct you towards the banana . i was gon na talk about the programmable remote control . now i think it 'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all t _ v _ s , you s you click a button and it finds the frequency that works with your particular television . e each manufacturer will have a partic <other> will have a particular command set that uh the t _ v _ responds to . but if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option , then if you 've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing . an interesting point is that if the person does n't have the computer , we can still make the process easier because instead of having to look up codes , maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the l _ c _ d _ um mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are <other> are made , i would say . um but then again , the um the menu structure to to a considerable extent that 's gon na vary according to the model of television , and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate . programming it to use your t _ v _ , you might hook it up to the p _ c _ . the the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the p _ c _ for a larger programming i 'm not sure , but i 'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the u _ s _ b _ might be prohibitive . i think we 've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting , they 're going with the fashion thing , like the design , spongy rubber . though maybe we could have options for colours as well . <other> like i said before i i think we should have the r _ r _ on the uh on the top function button . so we always need to remember that somewhere we 're meant to be getting the slogan on . possibly i 'm think i 'm not sure but i 'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used . um .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed what materials and components to use , the color of the remote , and programming options for the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "you 've got yourself and the industrial designer gon na be working quite closely at this stage looking from <laugh> prototyping of some des description using clay . um looks like we 're gon na need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay . <laugh>", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work on a prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "product evaluation , does n't that come after actually seen a product prototype . um you 're gon na look at product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on a product evaluation"}
{"dialogue": "say something like um lithium ion battery ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a lithium battery ."}
{"dialogue": "looks like wegoing for a double curved design .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a double curved design ."}
{"dialogue": "um , looks like we 're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a case made of rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "if we take some of the ideaswhy do n't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo ? sure , yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be yellow ."}
{"dialogue": "programming them can be a right pain . so i thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer some <other> some fair ivfairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that youon yourcomputer and you could download programs for it from uh for uh t _ v _ s from all sort of main manufacturers . i was gon na talk about the programmable remote control . now i think it 'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all t _ v _ s , you s you click a button and it finds the frequency that works with your particular television . e each manufacturer will have a partic <other> will have a particular command set that uh the t _ v _ responds to . but if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option , then if you 've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing . an interesting point is that if the person does n't have the computer , we can still make the process easier because instead of having to look up codes , maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the l _ c _ d _ programming it to use your t _ v _ , you might hook it up to the p _ c _ . the the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the p _ c _ for a larger programming i 'm not sure , but i 'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the u _ s _ b _ might be prohibitive .", "summary": "problems: having a feature on the remote which allows the user to use a computer to program the remote according to the television model he owns ."}
{"dialogue": "like i said before i i think we should have the r _ r _ on the uh on the top function button . so we always need to remember that somewhere we 're meant to be getting the slogan on . possibly i 'm think i 'm not sure but i 'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used . um .", "summary": "problems: where to place the company slogan on the remote ."}
