{"dialogue": "okay so welcome everyone . so we are here for the kickoff meeting of uh the process of designing a new remote control . so i will first start with a warm welcome opening <laugh> stuff , then uh we will uh see what will be uh our product and what will be the different step we will have to design it . and uh then we will uh discuss if we have few ideas and we will uh end uh by uh dispatching the different task you will beyou will have to fulfil to complete this process . so the the goal is to have a remote control so to have an advantage over our competitors we have to be original , we have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user-friendly . so uh the design step will be divided in three uh main points . first it will be the functional design . third is the conceptual design and then is the desired design . so the functional design is to identify the main user needs , the technical function the remote control should fulfil . and then we will move to f conceptual design where we 'll specify the different component involved , what kind of user interf interface we want and what are the different uh trend in user interface and stuff like that . and then the desired devi design will consist in uh specifically implementing <other> and detailing the choice we 've uh made in the second point .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group and gave a timeline for the project ."}
{"dialogue": "so i will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for to uh each of us to to draw uh your favourite animal on the white board . it 's an abstract drawing of an orangutan . of course your animal is recorded so it 's not lost . <laugh> it 's a cat . <laugh> maybe i can draw like a very simplified cow . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group trained themselves to use the meeting room tools by drawing on the whiteboard ."}
{"dialogue": "sohere the uh financial objective of our project . that is to say to to have a production cost lower than twelve point five euros and have a selling price of twice that price t in order to target a profe profit of uh fifty uh million euros . <other> yeah if it 's trendy , original i d fulfil the user needs .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the project budget and the projected price point and profit goals ."}
{"dialogue": "so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple . maybe i can have theyour opinion from the marketing side ? uh if if we bundle the remote control with something uh to sell then it could be a single device , otherwise it could be programmable one and uh do you have any ideas um of uh design ideas or any uh uh technical requirement we we should uh fulfil ? if we do n't have so many buttons could be nice . and do you have it also to beto be lighted in order to be used in the dark ? something which is not squarey maybe uh , not a box . so . fit in your hand , yeah . <laugh> water-proof as well . maybe water-proof would be very original . and , and that 's one of thethat 's one of the shocki mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it 's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it . but maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well . maybe we can sell uh all that together , so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well . most of the time i i lose my remote control . we should have s uh special bu button on the t _ v _ to make the remote control beeping . maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep . that 's a good idea , that 's very original and that 's can uh improve . so i it 's just going to add t to the cost . yeah . we have to ask the quest of that 's uh design to the uh industrial um designer . <laugh> okay so try to find that for next meeting . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed several of their initial ideas for the features of the product ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so if it selled uh by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device . uh if if we bundle the remote control with something uh to sell then it could be a single device , otherwise it could be programmable one so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple . <laugh> water-proof as well . maybe water-proof would be very original . and , and that 's one of thethat 's one of the shocki mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it 's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it . but maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well . maybe we can sell uh all that together , so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well . most of the time i i lose my remote control . we should have s uh special bu button on the t _ v _ to make the remote control beeping . maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep . that 's a good idea , that 's very original and that 's can uh improve . so i it 's just going to add t to the cost . yeah . we have to ask the quest of that 's uh design to the uh industrial um designer . <laugh> okay so try to find that for next meeting . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: they discussed making the remote able to control multiple devices , protection from water or from dropping the remote , and a locator function ."}
{"dialogue": "so so i will ask the industrial designer to find out more about this industrial design so any workingany working function we have discussed . so then i will ask the user interf interface designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons , the the fact that is lighted or not , things like that , and what would be convenient for the user . and also um <other> i will ask the market expert to uh try to find out what are the absolute requirements , what is absolutely needed in a remote control uh for the user . and uh look at your mail because you will receive uh some good advice soon . <other>", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then instructed the user interface designer to research users ' requirements , and instructed the industrial and user interface designers to research the functions and usability features that were discussed in the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> okay so try to find that for next meeting . <laugh> so so i will ask the industrial designer to find out more about this industrial design so any workingany working function we have discussed .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will do research on the whistle tracking locator function and other functional components ."}
{"dialogue": "so then i will ask the user interf interface designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons , the the fact that is lighted or not , things like that , and what would be convenient for the user .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will research the necessary amount of buttons and the lighted interface that were discussed during the meeting and other usability features ."}
{"dialogue": "and also um <other> i will ask the market expert to uh try to find out what are the absolute requirements , what is absolutely needed in a remote control uh for the user .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will research users ' requirements for a remote control device ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so if it selled uh by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device . but maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well . maybe we can sell uh all that together , so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well .", "summary": "decisions: the group would like the remote to control multiple devices and have optional water and other damage protection ."}
{"dialogue": "that 's a good idea , that 's very original and that 's can uh improve . yeah . we have to ask the quest of that 's uh design to the uh industrial um designer . <laugh> okay so try to find that for next meeting . <laugh>", "summary": "decisions: the group will research the possibility of integrating a locator function into the design ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: na ."}
