{"dialogue": "uh did you all receive that email ? so does anyone have any overall well <other> uh what comes up for me is that if we 're gon na if we 're gon na be marketing a product that is going to be uh having <other> no teletext , people are very comfortable <other> with <other> the idea of having teletext and using teletext , and so we 're notwe 're gon na be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now . what are we gon na have that makes this thing better than well tha that first point could uh also be an op opportunity because in seeing that teletext is becoming outdated , some sort remote control that can work with the internet <other> there is the opportunity that 's presented , i guess . right . yeah . no , i i agree with you . so what i 'm talking about is i see that one side we 're eliminating something so we have to come up with another side which is , what are we gon na be targeting our market uh that <other> identifies our product as better thanbecause it does n't have teletext it has ta-ta-ta-ta-ta . but but we are sort of being dictated that this should only be for the television . so we 're quite fixed . so we 're really probably , in terms of marketing , are looking for that 's uh that 's a cost winner rather than a fantastic new feature product . so uh we 're gon na be removing the teletext out of any t _ v _ that wepeople use our remote with . so it 's kind of a stupid decision . we really have to innovate here i guess . 'cause we 're talking about <other> eighty percent or ninety percent or ninety-five percent of the televisions out there are are teletext . 'cause somebody , some people are gon na be hap unhappy 'cause it tookthey ca n't ac access their teletext . it 's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring ? i think that the <other> last point is probably quite uh straightforward . obviously the thew it has to be branded . so then the double r _ will be our our can you handle that black and yellow ? i think w , yeah , one of the things that we should also keep in mind um when we 're doing thisi mean our company 's slogan is we put the fashion in electronics , right . so i think our kind ofour target here is to <other> have some kind of very like sleek <other> nice look remote but i think one of the main selling points is that we do n't want it to be clunky like like this thing here . we want something that looks nice and it 's fashionable and so", "summary": "abstract: the project manager reviewed new requirements for the project with the group and discussed their implementation ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm the industrial designer . and we 've some basic components that um our remote is gon na need , just basically every remote 'll need 'em . we need some kinda of power d power source . um we have to decide on our our user interface , which is his department , but the in user interface is also a major component . um we need a programmable digital signal processor to um to take the input from the user and translate that into uh into electronic signal , which we pass to the infra-red l _ e _ d _ , which you aim at the television uh whichand it receives that signal . you need a on-off switch and uh we also need to um have the <other> if we want a universal remote we need to have encryption codes for the different makes of t _ v _ s . so we need to know all the different you know all the different signals and so that 'll require some memory as well . um so here 's just a basic layout of how how the remote would work . you ha the v the power source is in the upper right-hand corner there , and you can see that uh we have the user interface here which is connected to the chip which does all our signal processing , and then passes that signal on to the infra-red l _ e _ d _ and that signal is then emitted and received by the television at the photo-transistor . we 're talking about existing technology . this is justthis is just a basic layout of ev <other> of all the components that w w are gon na be absolutely necessary f to have a working remote . we can add things in like if we wanted some voice recognition , i mean that <other> i mean <other> that you can kinda say would <other> would fall under the user interface and the digital signal processing chip . do we have an idea of costs of different components ? um well the most the most costly components are gon na be the chip basically the user interface and the casing are gon na be expensive as well . um the l _ e _ d _ and the the transistors and everything else are you know they 're they 're pretty cheap . we uh we have to wait until we get to a more specific design phase for that . um butand i think a significant part of the cost could be the actual the actual casing itself and and you know the the b the buttons and things like that , i think . that 's all i have really .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented the basic components of a remote control device and how they work together ."}
{"dialogue": "so depending on what we want our functionality to be , um the chip could be expensive or it could be cheap . um depending on the n amount of memory we need in there and stuff like that and h and h <other> you know how much power .", "summary": "abstract: he showed that the size of the chip they will use is dependent on how many complicated functions are included ."}
{"dialogue": "so yeah function design . what i found is we want to do fashion and i think , honestly , we should keep technology low and just simple basically and try to aim for design . basically a case will will cost the same if it looks good or bad so we ma we have to make it look good . um something cute and small . the big chunky remotes are died in the eighties . and um although mo most people will buy s televisions and everything for uhthat have loads of loads of little functions and everything and they mostly end up using simple functions and little things and most the people wo n't wo n't get too mad of actually having to go theto the s to the television to , for instance , tune in theirthe stations . there 's no need to have that in the remote . um as for what i would recommend for uh the the interface design , and uh i will change the colours on the on the logo , but <laugh> um we should go for the user-oriented device , so simple controls and good ergonomics . um and uh although i th i th i 'm still here recommending the teletext so i 'll remove that , i guess ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer stressed that the project should focus on a simple design for the device ."}
{"dialogue": "but i t i think what the <other> the management recommendation was less that there 's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we should n't have it . um and uh although i th i th i 'm still here recommending the teletext so i 'll remove that , i guess , so i i still think if it 's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . i mean <other> even if it 's necessary or not , if youif you 're given the choice between a t a remote with teletext or without uh when it really if it i <other> if it is n't more expensive for us to k makebecause as far as i understand it , <other> it can be operated with the same set of buttons , yeah ? i it 's just uh <other> the cost of an extra button . iin the very beginning it said with the with the advent of computers there 's gon na be theit 's gon na be out-moded teletext . i i do n't understand how those two things are connected . how does how does computers and teletexth howwhy is one eliminating the need of the other ? well maybe what we 're getting into here is the the idea of uh internet through the t _ v _ for example . the they 're basically aiming at saying that <other> you would useyou know a couple of years ago teletext to be the easiest way to check like for uh uh the scheduling and the next programme and stuff like that but i still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities . i justi do n't see the cross-over between computers and television . i mean i do see the cross-over in some sense , but but but but with thethe remote is is used for television , okay . well there there is afor example on digital t _ v _ systems you haveyou can press a button and you can buy things in adverts , they 're just features from the internet uh from computers are are coming into the t _ v _ sort of under the covers , yeah , and there 's other features for example on other systems where you can pause live t _ v _ and things like that . and all of those require the other commands with more complexity and more software and if if it 's <other> , for example , a trainable one then we 're <other> just simply having like an up , down , left , right , an okay button or something like that might might do as well in future proofing it . but i guess we can remove it i think if it 's possible you should try to you know have a talk with management about that . i i do n't see the logic in elimination of teletext , yeah , and neither do i in fact . a a and th the message really we wan na be sending to them is that , although teletext may become outdated w there 's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it does n't affect the price . but we 're not putting somethere 's no no putting anything in in the place of teletext . and and we 're also <other> marketing a product . it'swhat i 'm seeing is a is a mid-range cost product . so so w we ca n't go and pump a whole bunch of technology into this thing so if we 're keeping it basic we 're loo loo what we 're looking to sell it basically is it 's uh just being very easy to use , looking exceptionally good , that sort of thing . and to me if i 'm gon na market a product for b for beauty for for design i 'm gon na i 'm gon na try to market it at a much higher price . i want i want to market it as exclusive . so i would market this product itat eighty-nine euros and come up with some really <other> beautiful exterior design or something th but but i do n't think we have that flexibility . but i if design if design is cheap and functionality is basic , then twenty-five euros is probably a high price for a commoner gardenstan standard t _ v _ and if i 'm coming in with a with with twenty-five euros , which is mid-market price , um then what am i going to give these people for this ? just i i would i would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands . right now it 's just the idea of simplicity and slickness , cute and small um um as for , you know , the the case design uh maybe i 'll come up with more concrete ideas . i 'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there , how many people <other> how many people actually use every feature you know i like these trainable remotes and things like that , where , you know , it 's just so confusing to do <other> to use all these functions . they want something that looks nice , that you know that maybe it 's it 's ergonomic , it feels good in your hand , something like that . where i think the largest portion of the market is just gonnayou know they lost their t _ v _ remote , they need another one that 'll work with their t _ v _ . i think that 's gon na be where you 're gon na find the biggest , you know , market share . i think the more bells and whistles we add , it 's just gon na cut into our into our profits . because i think as we as we add costs for things like uhfor like if we add the voice recognition and things like that , i think <other> you know what percentage of the of the um of the market is actually gon na use that ? but we can talk a little bit more potentially in the marketing marketing presentation about this . oh p pedro , i just want to say quickly i i would really like it when you can come up with some more bells and whistles , eh . you know sell uhthings come to my mind is uh uh something that 's uh <other> um voice-activated . 'cause uh and i think of voice-activated i think of of <other> how many times i 've i 've lost my my remote and i ca n't find it . so some way that i can i can find my remote by clapping my hands or something our our competition out there has got these these multiple adaptors where they can use 'em for their v _ c _ r _ s , their d _ v _ d _ s , their <other> their televisions and so to me we have to make this a really special product but i i do n't see the market niche for this product without without some really sort of something really special to identify it as as unique in the market . but we th that should be design . i think technology we 'd wewe 're not in the price range to do it . so we should we should aim at design . okay well , so so that 's up to you then does any of the um the features that pedro 's spoken about here have any implications we might not have thought about on in terms of just pure functionality ? i think all these things are pretty standard .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed not being able to include a teletext component , and that the product design would have to be the main selling point of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "onto participant <other> four . 'til you spoke and when i wrote this , i do n't know what i 'm marketing . i just know that i i was identified as a awe identified ourselves as a as a developer , as a manufacturer , and as a as a um distributor t to other wholesalers . and so the th the twenty-five euros that we 've identified as the sale price is a wholesale price rather than a retail price . um so what i did is i i decided that <other> that this this needs to be a product in a in a sense can market itself . we 're making the most beautiful attractive uh whatever we decide it is . um <other> so i would like to have a product that that we can sell easily . so having something beauty , something attractive , uh something that in a sense will sell itself . uh innovation i think fits into what we 're talking about here with design . uh cutting edge technology , i do n't think we 're gon na have that , um unless we come up with some new age product a as far as the casing is concerned . i i talked about environmentally sensitive , uh maybe we have a product that can be identified in some way as advantageous in a home . uh i wanted to talk about uh who we are as a as a corporation , that we 're new , we 're aggressive , we 're competitive , we 're we 're trying to provide a product from a new perspective rather than from an old corporate line . so to me it 's about selling d uh our identityour corporate identity along with the product . uh we 're kind of in the middle of the market , but again , because what i see is budget restrictions and limitations , i do n't know that we can bring any new technology into this thing .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed his marketing strategy for the project , again stressing the attractiveness of the product design ."}
{"dialogue": "and it 's kind of <other> along the s lines of environmentally sensitive , and it may even fit into ergonomics , and even kind of address the issue of losing losing the remote , what we were saying it 's a common issue . um what we can do is , well you know that batteriesthrowing a aw remotes run through batteries like crazy . right ? <laugh> well maybe not a solar remote but instead what about if we had like a power cradle ? like a a cradle that is is there to hold the remote when you 're not using it , and we can , instead of having instead of having , you know , replaceable batteries we 'll just have a power cell that stays there for the life of the remote . 'cause you have to put it back there to charge the remote , i i think it 's a good opportunity for the user design you know you could have some kind of neat little , you know , <other> a sexy design for d a cradle and the remote itself . i like the idea , but we 're talking aboutin cost is gon na probably double . and you could page the remote if you lose it . now the the question is can we make this for less than twelve-fifty per ? no no . no no , we have t we have to change the end cost . we we well do we necessarily have to change the end cost because uh <other> can we dl can we do that without <other> uh changing it twelve-fifty per product , if we basically can sell more based on this ? i <other> my reaction is no , but <other> what i can do is i can d look into ho well pedro and i can look into how much this might increase our our costs i w i do n't wan na go over somewhere and put it down . iti if it is gon na be somewhere that you put it down then it needs to be at the side of your armchair , and that implies that there 's only one t _ v _ user . it would last for several hours on its own power , but when you 're done with it you put it back in the cradle . but it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent . i d i d i d i think it itin my mind it does n't seem like something that oh i 'd really want uh because of that fact . well , i think again it 's itwe have a cost issue here . un unless you guys are die-hard against the fact that um it 's possible like it reduces the usability of the remote b and the fact that you ca n't lose it on your own , i think it still might be a good idea to investigate having like a power cradle . because i really think i in a certain sense it almost likefor me i would want to have that just , because i know at the end of when i 'm done watching t _ v _ that when i 'm done , oh i better go find the remote and put it back where it belongs . whereas actually just putting it in a power cradle might not be too expensive at all the locator 'll definitely be more expensive . um need to look into whether we can do that i think one of the things that we can put right on the box is , never buy another battery .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer proposed including a battery charging stand with the device but it was decided that it was not a useful feature ."}
{"dialogue": "we we can certainly push for a more expensive product if that 's gon na be well , see i isee i i 'm an advocate to make this an exclusive product . let 's make this thing really exclusive , environmentally sensitive , uh high-tech design , uh ergonomics , all of this . i just do n't know about that , because in order to do that <other> in order to price it at that kind of level i think we 'd need to have every functionality that all the other competitors are offering like being able to operate , you know , the d _ v _ d _ player and , you know , the stereo system and all that . which is a pretty basic function that w we 've opted out of . i think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext . but i do think there are some basic features that we do n't have that a lot of other remotes are going to have . they gave us a fundament a foundation of of what they want , and and w it 's our place to kinda analyse and evaluate . i do n't know what kind of role we have in thisin the corporate ladder uh , do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss ? beca i i do noti do not see the market niche for the product that they 're handing f handing us right now . i think our market niche is basically people who need <other> who have lost their remote and then they 're gon na look on the shelf and they 're gon na see ours is the nicest looking remote . i th i think it 's important to remember that that this remote has to work with multiple t _ v _ s , yeah , 'cause it 's selling on its own . all you need to do is train them to the individual one , they 've identified the product as not working for anything but televisions . if we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for d _ v _ d _ s , v _ c _ r _ s and everything , then i can see the market niche , because who wants just a television remote ? if you 're in the market for this ultimate remote , you 're not gon na go for just a television remote . so we really ca n't chase that . we 're really looking for something basic . the the one thing that that that you said really struck a chord with me here in that we 're we 're carrying the corporate identity with the product , where i 'd be inclined to go back to upper-level management and say like let 's just cut down our profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here . we 're trying to get mind-share about uh real reaction to to the people who are gon na buy consumer electronics . and and we 're gon na make itwe 're gon na win mind-share by uh either being a fantastic product or for it working , it just being good , reasonable-priced , <other> and solid . w <other> okay if you if you drop the cost , now if you make if you makego to the other side of the cost scale , and you make it less expensive , then all of a sudden now we 're going into an a a new market area . but what i 'm saying is right now we 're middle market . is twenty-five euros a mid-market price for a remote ? we have to have something that will change people 's thinking to identify this as advantageous , it 's got ta be low-cost or high-cost with with special design features . well i 'd be inclined to say , if we can make the design better than any comparable remote while reducing the cost , then that 's the way we really should play it . if we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it , and i can communicate this to to the more senior <other> uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction . uh we should keep it simple , mm medium-low cost mar um cost area and uh make it look good . the box is gon na sell it i think , the outside , the casing . can can can we have multiple designs ? and so so instead of them all looking the same , people can have maybe four or five different designs they can choose from . i do n't know what that creates cost , or <other> yeah we we need to , i mean , have a few designs to look at i think w what 's really important is it has to look good , it has to be durable , it has to a and i think it 's really important that it does n't look cheap . what about a a remote that 's <other> that <other> does n't maybe look like a remote ? it it opens like a telephone . or what if it looks like a pen ? i do n't have a problem selling a product , once you have the finished product i 'll find a way to sell it . one thing i just thought about when you were saying that , is that the p our target market is gon na be someone who has lost or broken can we p can we sell them a remote that can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one ? and so with with with this kind of system or locator or something , to to think about , how have people been been losing or breaking their remote ? and and then and then design the product , maybe some component of the product that can identify this as the last one you 'll ever need to buy .", "summary": "abstract: the group continued to discuss the marketing strategy for the device as it would not include many advanced technological functions ; they discussed including a guarantee for the remote and using a unique form factor ."}
{"dialogue": "so i i still think if it 's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . just i i would i would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands . i i do n't see the logic in elimination of teletext , i think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that they want to incorporate teletext despite the management 's directive ."}
{"dialogue": "but we 're talking aboutin cost is gon na probably double . but it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent .", "summary": "decisions: the group does not want to include the battery charging stand ."}
{"dialogue": "um well the most the most costly components are gon na be the chip", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of information about the cost of components and materials ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're quite fixed . well <other> uh what comes up for me is that if we 're gon na if we 're gon na be marketing a product that is going to be uh having <other> no teletext , people are very comfortable <other> with <other> the idea of having teletext and using teletext , and so we 're notwe 're gon na be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now . so uh we 're gon na be removing the teletext out of any t _ v _ that wepeople use our remote with . so it 's kind of a stupid decision . it 's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring ? so i i still think if it 's cheap enough functionality-wise to include , it really should be in there . um and uh although i th i th i 'm still here recommending the teletext so i 'll remove that , i guess , but i t i think what the <other> the management recommendation was less that there 's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we should n't have it . but i still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities . i i do n't see the logic in elimination of teletext , yeah , and neither do i in fact . a a and th the message really we wan na be sending to them is that , although teletext may become outdated w there 's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it does n't affect the price . which is a pretty basic function that w we 've opted out of . i think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext . i do n't know what kind of role we have in thisin the corporate ladder uh , do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss ? beca i i do noti do not see the market niche for the product that they 're handing f handing us right now . if we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for d _ v _ d _ s , v _ c _ r _ s and everything , then i can see the market niche , because who wants just a television remote ? if we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it , and i can communicate this to to the more senior <other> uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction .", "summary": "problems: the group felt constrained by the new project requirements and had difficulties implementing the management 's directives ."}
