{"dialogue": "components design . so so here 's a look inside your really old-looking remote control . um you 've got <other> a printed <other> a printed uh circuit board here , and you 've got all these buttons which kinda press down little rubber <other> nubbies into these little holes that activate so you 've also got umyou 've got your chip here , your batteries here , and some sorta electronics . um so you 've gothere 's here 's a transistor , and this amplifies your signal , um you 've got the l _ e _ d _ here on the end of the uh uh on the end of the printed circuit board . um you 've got a couple diodes here for i do n't know who and whatnot <laugh> . so um we 've got ai in this in this uh drawing he uh in this example here , this is a eighteen pin um uh chip < sound indicating frustration > i dunno . uh it 's two double a _ batteries . this is pretty standard remote .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented an overview of the internal components of a remote control device ."}
{"dialogue": "so here are options for our power sources . you can use a basic battery , which we 've already discussed , um <other> th our tech department also said we have the option of doing some kind of hand dynamo where maybe you crank it or something like that . so that 's the next bullet is the um the kinetic provision of energy , so it 's like that flashlight where you have to shake it <laugh> . uh we 've got solar cells , which i do n't think is a very good idea because um you could not use your remote at night <laugh> and finally we 've got our cradle o our power cradle idea . okay so we basically have battery versus cradle here ? i like the kinetic . well it is it is more uhi mean it is more eco-friendly than the than the cradle we have uh choices in materials and choices in the general shapes that we can do . our material choices are a plastic latex um ty or plastic , a rubber latex type thing , uh wood , or titanium . if we go with titanium we 're gon na be uh limited in the amount of shapes we can do wood wood would ge would give us a little bit of a marketing niche , would n't it . i i ca n't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote , whatever product you put in there we can find a way to accentuate it . um my recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a like a rubber outer shell , to make it um to mak uh like a thick plastic inner shell and a t um kind of ato have that rubber outer shell to make it more durable , the advantages of working with plastic and rubber isw we we 'll have a lot more um options just in terms of shape but basically these are <other> curved and double-curved i i believe that the tech department , in their um <laugh> in their <other> message to me , that they were referring to the number of th curves in the bottom . i have no idea exactly what they 're talking about , but that 's what they told me , <laugh> uncurved , flat , curved , or double-curved . i think curved means just curved in one axis and double-curved is curved in two axes um okay , with the interface we have the following options , we can u we can use push buttons , we can use a scroll wheel with an integrated push button , and l _ c _ d _ display , or multiple scrolling wheels . um so these are all options that the user interface guy can uhhas at his disposal to put together a user interface .", "summary": "abstract: he discussed energy source and material options , and suggested that using rubber and plastic would be the most versatile option ."}
{"dialogue": "for electronics , we have these very technical um <laugh> descriptions here . a simple chip , which is the least expensive , a regular chip , which is <laugh> like the medium porridgethe <laugh> medium expense uh d do we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advanced chip ? but i have no numbers to give you , a simple chip is required to operate push buttons . um <other> an advanced chip is required to to operate um the l _ c _ d _ display , and it did n't say specifically , but i i have a hunch that a regular chip is gon na be the scroll wheel and the multiple scroll wheels . that 's the end of my presentation .", "summary": "abstract: he displayed the three options for chips ."}
{"dialogue": "oh interface concept . our uh manufacturing division wanted the speech recognition . they say they could put it to work but um we do n't think so . it it ityou 'll be you know be affected by the by the other speech and i mean it'llif somebody says up in the middle of a television show , it 's gon na change the channel . but what if you actually had to press a button to make it recognize ? well then why do n't you just press the up button ? even still there 's gon na be interf th there 's there still will be interference from the t _ v _ . i think it 's a bad idea frankly .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed voice recognition with the group , and the group decided to not use it in their design ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah so um taking that away , our uhthe the the rubber but rubber buttons are the more reliable it 's the the ones that would al would allow us to to market our product as being you know less prone to damage and more resistant to things like spillage of liquids over it", "summary": "abstract: he suggested using rubber buttons because of their durability ."}
{"dialogue": "well , we wan na small r remote control one side because uh we want it to be cool and uh designed , but um apparently um market shows that bigger s bigger um remotes get less lost , but um yeah i think we we need to compromise between those two and somehow we 'll do that . somehow . um so <other> the thewhat i would propose is something more or less in the uh direction of what is to yo the right of that slide uh but withoutwith a l a less complicated um design , so the numbers , the volume control , and channel control , and teletext access . uh the volume and channel control can just become those the the four button array as in if it was a round dial . and um if you just think about it as the one to the right but with the numbers and the four buttons plus maybe a centre one with teletext . so we 're suggesting doing a sorta scroll wheel thing for the volume ? i i it 's just four buttons that are on a cross , um yeah so i think we w we go for something mid-sized , so something looks good and uh is not too prone to get lost .", "summary": "abstract: he discussed the size of the device and the layout of the interface , and suggested that the remote be moderately sized to prevent its getting lost ."}
{"dialogue": "trend watching i guess . when i s when i see thewhen i see the product i i i i do n't wan na buy it . there 's nothing about that product that makes me wan na choose that product over other products that are out there . are you talking about the picture ? that 's not our that 's not our b design , okay 'cause 'cause right now i do n't have too much to say about how to market this product because we do n't have a product to market yet . and uh from from talking to mike is that we have we have uh we can market a more expensive product now . uh without special or increased marketable features i do n't believe the product has a consumer demand . uh i like the idea of of the scroll what i 'm looking for as marketing is m give me something different . i give me a lower price , give me a higher price , give me some new technology , when we when we have something like the cradle or or something give that's i 'd i 'd say though that weif we did make the decision to go with the cradle though , the then we have that as well , well right i think the two big th points that we have so far are thehaving the cradle and also having uh the um the actual design of the uh case itself having like this like rubber shell maybe with a plastic interior , just remember when i made up this report i did n't have the information that we 're discussing here . so what i 'm saying is , from my perspective , i do n't have a product to market right now . um uh my personal preference is that we make some adjustment in the cost , either lower or develop an integrated new technol technology . yeah uh again i 'm not sold on the product because we do n't have a product in my opinion yet . if you if you give meif you give me a cut-out of what everybody else has then i need to i need to find a lower cost .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert expressed concern that the remote lacked enough features to be distinctive ."}
{"dialogue": "so our big <other> questions here really are cradle or not cradle ? do we go basic or do we go for features ? uh d does anyone really wan na do anything with the scroll wheel or should we ditch that off-hand first ? well my question is what would the scroll wheel do ? <laugh> yeah . well it 's it 's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do . now what i see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons . so from a marketing standpoint i have i have another door to walk through when we have something that 's unique . what i understand about scroll wheels is they 're they 're quite expensive to to make . if if we 're gon na make up the extra cost by extra sales i think maybe it 's worth it to do it , but i mean i would just useif i was gon na do this i would just use the scroll wheel for s channels up and channels down . no we canwe can do multiple scroll wheels but my personal preference is focusing the p the product on the idea of the uh the case the the <other> uh dock to put it into to charge it . we can target like environmentally friendly ideas , that sorta things . it 's gon na need to be more expensive because of the cradle . what type of casing ? i personally like what you were saying about the plastic with the rubber . i 'm thinkingyeah something like kinda almost like these pens , you know , and then it 's not really rubber where there'syou have plastic bits but just kinda like a fusedthe plastic with rubber on the outside . or do we wantif we 're ditching the scroll wheels do we want to go l _ c _ d _ ? d d do we want to do anything more basic with theuh more advanced with the user interface in terms of do we want to go for <other> um buttons , or from from my perspective i think l _ c _ d _ is a mistake and all you 're doingi mean it'syou 're not gon na get any information back from the television , so the only information you can display on this remote is what channel you <other> just sent it at last so you know unless technology changes and information starts coming out of thea cable box or something there 's no s i do n't see the , so , what we need to know in terms of marketing and uh project management are are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this ? well we have toi think for me it 's still not exactly clear exactly what the inter user interface is gon na be . you know the other thing i thought about was you know , do we go to something like this ? make a remote that does n't look like a remote . well i dunno about like the flip-phone idea , i mean what i seeone of the things one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is , when you got children , <other> their their stuff gets inside the circuitry , they get dirty , they get messy with drinks and stuff . and what i keep throwing out therei just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act or in some way identify itself as unique or different . and i guess th th the question th <other> th that you 're being asked right now is whetheris the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product , or do we really need the scroll wheel as well ? because the scroll wheel comes at quite a cost . um <other> we 're probably gon na have to go with a like a medium chip , s i would imagine . <other> the locator 's gon na require a radio transmitter , i think if you can have the base station with a with a locator , i think those are two very strong features , i know personally that would be a very attractive feature , is to have a uh have a button i can push to find my remote control . and it 's presumably gon na need a little speaker in it or something like that as well to beep . but i guess a little tiny speaker is gon na be quite cheap , so the scroll wheel , in or out ? mm pr my personal preference is out . for me i think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad . i do n't know exactly what the increased cost is gon na be , <other> i i think there'syou know that uh there are so many people today that are that are surfingare television surfers , and i see the scroll as a as a great mechanism for surfing . now just just so you know though uh you did bring up a point which is very valid , is a lot of t _ v _ s wo n't re the t _ v _ s wo n't respond exactly the same . so you may like queue up like fifteen channel changes , and it 'll be like flip , flip , flip . you could basically make it so that it'lli mean it 's just gon na be sending a signal to the t _ v _ yeah the t _ v _ 's ge so if you send about five flip channels , if you did that it 's gon na flip once . it just might be frustrating where you ca n't make it go as fast as you want , now the the only thing i i <other> on the interface side of it , is that <other> i i i see the dilemma . so i can go uh <other> presuming i have , on my television , something that tells me what channel i 'm on , i can scroll direct from channel five to channel thirty two . 'cause the television can go automatically from channel five to channel thirty two with the push of a button . okay ? so ca can we can we create that kind of interface within a scroll system ? so ifmaybe if we had an l _ c _ d _ up the top that just did a number on it , right ? it 'll tell you when you flip the channel on the t _ v _ . how would you program it though ? well you justit 's one extra button . you say programme start , and then type in and again we have another another great marketing tool . the problem we 're gon na have is making it robust . oh well we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes , between going through your favourites list and just hitting up one , up two . well then you just have , you have a diff you have a mode switch . just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip , sorta thing or for", "summary": "abstract: the group had a discussion to decide on the product features ."}
{"dialogue": "so right details th <other> that we 've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel . we want <other> a mode indicator . we want <other> back-lit buttons . just so you know i thinki mean it was my understanding that before we were gon na stay in the mid-market range . just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip , sorta thing or for", "summary": "abstract: they decided to include a charging stand , to use a thin rubber casing material , to include a locator function and a scroll wheel with two channel-changing options to increase its usability ."}
{"dialogue": "though we have n't got to a stage where we 're ready to pin down the price of components . so we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to , i guess what i just wantto me the next step is for these guys to come come in with the design proposal w with the cost estimate attached , i would say thirty five to forty . yeah , i was gon na say thirty five to fifty . thirty five to fifty euros is our sales bracket okay . let 's let 's try and think now , how much would you pay for but you 've got ta think who our target market is okay so we 'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator .", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the cost of the various components and decided to sell the device at a point between thirty-five and fifty euros ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and uh", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to construct the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and uh", "summary": "action: the user interface designer and the industrial designer will construct the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it 's a bad idea frankly .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not feature voice recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so we 'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator . with a cradle , radio transmitters , and back-lit buttons . i think if you can have the base station with a with a locator , i think those are two very strong features ,", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to include a charging stand to help users keep track of their remote ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so we 'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator . i think if you can have the base station with a with a locator , i think those are two very strong features ,", "summary": "decisions: a locator function will also be included ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so we 'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator . but just kinda like a fusedthe plastic with rubber on the outside . just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip , sorta thing or for", "summary": "decisions: the device will be covered in a thin rubber casing ."}
{"dialogue": "so right details th <other> that we 've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel . we want <other> a mode indicator . okay so we 'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator .", "summary": "decisions: a scroll wheel will be included for the channel-changing function , and will allow users to switch between scrolling through pre-programmed favorite channels and through all channels ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i was gon na say thirty five to fifty . thirty five to fifty euros is our sales bracket okay .", "summary": "decisions: the projected price point will be changed to a point between thirty-five and fifty euros ."}
{"dialogue": "with a cradle , radio transmitters , and back-lit buttons .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature back-lit buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "but i have no numbers to give you , i do n't know exactly what the increased cost is gon na be , though we have n't got to a stage where we 're ready to pin down the price of components . so we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to ,", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of information on the cost of components ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's nothing about that product that makes me wan na choose that product over other products that are out there . uh without special or increased marketable features i do n't believe the product has a consumer demand . or do we really need the scroll wheel as well ? and i guess th th the question th <other> th that you 're being asked right now is whetheris the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product , because the scroll wheel comes at quite a cost .", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulty finding a balance between keeping the project cost low and adding enough features to make the product distinctive ."}
