{"dialogue": "production costs estimated by our manufacturing department and um the research department , which is us , is uh fifteen point eight euros , we implemented the basic functions , which is just t _ v _ functions plus the locator , cradle , scroll wheel for uh the <other> the channels , and uh we implemented the f the the way of putting the new and revolutionary zapping , your favourite channels functionality , in the scroll . scrolling through your favourites list . i like the the the the logo on there as well . um so the scroll bar isor the scroll wheel is this this green little scrolly guy here , so this is the cradle unit , this is the teletext . so this bl this button will be used both for the favourites and for programming <other> your uh the um the type of television you wan na use . so um the plastic is the white area of thisof the model here , and the red area is like a rubber covering . and the buttons are all gon na be rubber , so it 's pretty hard to actually damage it um could that be easy tofor the scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it ? yeah that might be a possible a mi uh possible problem , but if you drop it i take it that this is gon na be slightly lighter in the final design as well . but i think we might scale down the final model a bit . so you ha you have like the the base station with um the little button for the where 's my remote . beep beep beep . and um there 's one other feature that we were debating , but we decided to go against it , we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger but we could n't figure out what button is important enough to put there . and we we do n't wan na accidentally be hitting the power button like that so but maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling , so maybe in a final design phase we might tweak that a little bit , but it 's definitely got options for like different types of models and things as well based on that , so we 'll leave the colour scheme up to the marketing people . my my s my suggestion is we 're gon na go go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype to the group and displayed all of its components ."}
{"dialogue": "so you ha you have like the the base station with um the little button for the where 's my remote . beep beep beep . but we could n't figure out what button is important enough to put there .", "summary": "abstract: they demonstrated how the locator function operates ."}
{"dialogue": "and um there 's one other feature that we were debating , but we decided to go against it , we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger and we we do n't wan na accidentally be hitting the power button like that so but maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling ,", "summary": "abstract: they suggested that a trigger button should be included in a later designing phase to improve the feel of the product ."}
{"dialogue": "i got ta do mine up at the board . so you 're not gon na find my uh my folder up there no it 's not in there because i had the computer problem and i i i cou i could n't create it . and when i speak about method i speak about the marketing of the product huh . and uh to me with this product we got uhwe got <other> basically three things to market . we 've got the features , we have the uh characteristics , the the corporation stands behind the product , okay . we 've got you know the features that make this a unique product . um we have reliability , we have comfort , we have ergonomics , we have environmentally s sensitive . one thing i would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product , a normal use guarantee , it has the features and the characteristics , and the background , i believe , to make it marketable i believe at a cost of of of thirty thirty five to to fifty euros . we 're gon na be competitive , and we 're gon na we 're gon na have a market niche . would you a argue that that we 're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down into twenty f five as we probably could , but lowering our profit margins ? for my evaluation , based on what our competition is , i th i think that that we can go after this and at that cost i think it uhthere 's nobody else that 's putting this this combination of of ingredients together . the only limitations i see to this is that we 're focused on television only . there 's gon na be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing does n't work for my d _ v _ d _ and mybut i like these other things , so they keep it , they do n't take it back . <other> well one of one of the thoughts that i had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable ? w we need we need we need s some more buttons if it would to work on some other stuff , but yeah , the plus there 's the the risk of making it unusable as well , or making it less b because at the moment it 's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert gave an evaluation of the product and felt that it satisfied his criteria ."}
{"dialogue": "one thing i would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product , a normal use guarantee , the only limitations i see to this is that we 're focused on television only . there 's gon na be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing does n't work for my d _ v _ d _ and mybut i like these other things , so they keep it , they do n't take it back . <other> well one of one of the thoughts that i had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable ? w we need we need we need s some more buttons if it would to work on some other stuff , but yeah , the plus there 's the the risk of making it unusable as well , or making it less b because at the moment it 's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons ,", "summary": "abstract: he suggested including a lifetime guarantee and expressed concern that the remote would only be used for televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "okay so we can talk about finance now . so i have a little spreadsheet for us i 've made a f few assumptions here in that i 'm assuming that our power adaptor we can make for a cost of four euros , which i think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adaptors already . uh <other> and i 'm assuming that the locator beacon , uh can be made for a similar price to uh an l _ c _ display , um i do think we that we we <other> uh do n't need the events chip on print , we only need the uh the regular chip on print , is that a single-curved rather than a double-curved ? so we comebring it down to <other> fifteen point four . see it 's a little bit more than f single-curved . so yeah it 's fifteen point eight , we have n't talked about any special colour though if we 're going for greys and silvers then i do n't think we're is this intended to be a button as well or just a scroll ? that 's a scroll . then we have fifteen point eight euros . i think we we ended up being quite creative there .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager discussed the final production cost with the group ; after an analysis of all of the components the final cost was 15 . 8 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's single-curved , we 're on to the pat-on-the-back part of the presentation , how how have we done today ? i think we did pretty well . no , i think we come up with a with a attractive marketable um product and and concept . okay so th th what about um room for creativity ? sh i think there was plenty of room . i think we we ended up being quite creative there . we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us yeah butwe did we did break with the specs a little bit i guess , it was more of a teamwork thing then really leadership based project was these cables suck <laugh> . so yeah the the pen came in alright and it 's a little uncomfortable to use but i guess it works . what new ideas have we found ? well we had the favourites list , and the scroll bar , and we have the cradle , and the r uh remote call feature . yeah comfortable headsets would be nice . and of course i did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon . are the costs within the budget ? <other> not the original budget , but they are now .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then led a discussion about the group 's experience on the project ."}
{"dialogue": "sh i think there was plenty of room . we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us yeah butwe did we did break with the specs a little bit i guess , it was more of a teamwork thing then really leadership based project was", "summary": "abstract: the group felt that they worked well together and that they had room to be creative , but only after they changed many of the initial specifications ."}
{"dialogue": "these cables suck <laugh> . and it 's a little uncomfortable to use but i guess it works . yeah comfortable headsets would be nice . and of course i did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon .", "summary": "abstract: they also had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment ."}
{"dialogue": "are the costs within the budget ? <other> not the original budget , but they are now .", "summary": "abstract: they were satisfied with the increased final cost and budget ."}
{"dialogue": "not the original budget , but they are now .", "summary": "decisions: the group was satisfied enough with the prototype and the final production cost to continue with the current prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "the only limitations i see to this is that we 're focused on television only . there 's gon na be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing does n't work for my d _ v _ d _ and mybut i like these other things , so they keep it , they do n't take it back . <other> well one of one of the thoughts that i had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable ?", "summary": "problems: the marketing expert was still concerned that the remote would only be used for televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us yeah butwe did we did break with the specs a little bit i guess ,", "summary": "problems: the group felt that they had room to be creative , but only after they changed the initial specifications ."}
{"dialogue": "no it 's not in there because i had the computer problem and i i i cou i could n't create it . these cables suck <laugh> . and it 's a little uncomfortable to use but i guess it works . yeah comfortable headsets would be nice . and of course i did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon .", "summary": "problems: the group had difficulties with their computers and much of the meeting-room equipment ."}
