{"dialogue": "i 'm ada longmund , and as you may know it , i 'm the pr project manager . our project project is to create um a new remote control so the remote control has to be original , trendy and um user-friendly . if we 're um the functional design , you have to do uh any individual work and uh also work with uh meetings talking with each other . uh it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design . uh . the selling price of the product will be twenty five euros . <laugh> it will uh be a an international remote control , i think it 's quite good price , yeah . and the product costs will be not more than twelve euros and fifty centimes . try to create something new and <other> and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes , you 'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role you will have to work on the design and also to work on the design of th technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications . those things just refer to each of each of us , i think . ami i _ d _ is for the industrial design , and u _ i _ d _ , it 's for the user interface designer , i will manage all all the group . and marketing expert , it 's me . what 's the difference between user interface design d industrial design ? <laugh> i suppose you have to design it and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it . i i think the user the user interface design ishe will design how the user will you knowthe relation between the user and you know the remote control so and the uh industrial design , it is how the object will look like . maybe , it is the outside and the inside . 'cause the user interface to design for example where the but button will be , you know . i 'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have and then thi this would <other> i guess converged to the user interface designer wi and then industrial designer . so really the remote control to be international . and not too expensive . and to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that do n't exist in the mm existing remote controls now . you know your job ? i have an idea of my job <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and discussed the roles of each member and the selling price for the remote they will produce ."}
{"dialogue": "the tool training is to try out the white board , maybe someone ha we have tothis whiteboard , maybe you can draw your favourite animal and make a list of its favourite characteristics . i do n't know if we have to do it now , maybe later later . <other> there was a step about drawing something in the in the board , are we supposed to do right now ? <laugh> you can draw something which is very simple . <laugh> it 's a <laugh> it 's a cat . you have to draw a rat if you want a rat . it 's a rabbit . right . a fish .", "summary": "abstract: then the team participated in an exercise in which they all drew animals ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "it will uh be a an international remote control , so really the remote control to be international .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have international appeal ."}
{"dialogue": "the selling price of the product will be twenty five euros . <laugh> i think it 's quite good price , yeah . and not too expensive .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not be too expensive ."}
{"dialogue": "try to create something new and to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that do n't exist in the mm existing remote controls now .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have new functions that existing remotes do not have ."}
{"dialogue": "those things just refer to each of each of us , i think . ami what 's the difference between user interface design d industrial design ? <laugh> i suppose you have to design it and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it . i i think the user the user interface design ishe will design how the user will you knowthe relation between the user and you know the remote control so and the uh industrial design , it is how the object will look like . maybe , it is the outside and the inside . 'cause the user interface to design for example where the but button will be , you know .", "summary": "problems: the difference between the role of the industrial designer and the role of the user interface designer ."}
