{"dialogue": "i i think i will let uh our user interface designer speak first , mister david jordan . um there 's three concepts in the user interface . so first one it 's a google controller . the second is a fancy controller . the last one is uh intelligent controller . i want the controller to be easy to use , but with sophisticated functions . the first is google controller . the second concept is a fancy controller , we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive , the u the user f the the u user interface should be very very cute , very very g um such like this , there are several uh examples in the slides . <laugh> i 'm not sure the one in the middle <laugh> is very attractive . we 'll have big discussion i suppose after that , the last uh concept is intelligent . so maybe we should uh use um uh technology , such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology , so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and um gesture recognition . um with this advanced features wei think we can attract a lot of user . stick to the first two parts . so what 's the difference between our controller with other products in the market ? so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features ? would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that we can add for example some function like for browsing in internet , soor something like that . you y that 's a fun that 's not the function of the controller , so i i guess if can have a remote control that is really basic , simple and works fine , it 's already a lot . if he has something that works fine and is really <other> fancy , looks nice and it 's easy easy to use , easy to use . but the there 's there 's n there 's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there 's no key feature in the new controller .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented three different concepts to consider for the user interface and introduced the idea of using speech recognition in the design of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "because for the intelligent controller , <other> you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition , but as the um expert told us , most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels . do you think they will be able to use gestures ? because , if they do all the time the same gesture , as you said previously in the last meeting , maybe they will get injuries because of that ? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five , i think they will be bored after a while . uh i think some time it 's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button . for example , if you can not find your uh <laugh> controller , you can just uh <laugh> just just uh speak something such as , yeah , one two . but suppose you got a cold . you have a mute remote controller . but how how ishow risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition ? for limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very but suppose you have a family watching t _ v _ , and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time , do you think it will work ? everybody wanting to change channel in the same time ? so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time , that 's that 's the advantage of intelligent controller . even you h you have the controller , i can <other> i can say channel three , no , but this is disadvant disadvantage . and mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to how how much will it cost ? more expensive maybe . we do n't have to do some basic research on this field . y y you have also the language problem , 'cause it it have to be universal , the vocabulary is very small , but there is one problem that uh baba talked about is the international the recognition system will be able to understand french . this could be downloaded by the web maybe , and with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control ? even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to seems to be quite complex . it it justthe microphone is embedded in the controller . but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this , if you have an object . if you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free , without any object . youso you can build a kind of black box and put it on t _ v _ and just to recognize gestures and voice . do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition ? think itwe should give the uh flexibility to the user you can seethey can switch form one modality to another . it 's a bit risky risky . but i think that , you know , switching from one country to to another will be a problem , i 'm sure if the user pays the same price , he 's happy to have recognition . i think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the google controller or a fancy controller . maybe try to mix the google controller and the fancy controller ? but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it , your mobile , the feature is not one hundred percent reliable , but it 's a feature to distinguish our product from ourfrom other products . but w we we want something th that works all the time , every day , every hour , for everyone . let 's go to the industrial designer . maybe we 'll be able to take a decision after that ,", "summary": "abstract: the team discussed the issue of using speech recognition at length ."}
{"dialogue": "it was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r so it will be interesting so i could show you some some picture of what is inside something i want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use , willit will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control or a a plastic remote control like this one . in which which which kind will be the the different bu button , it can be some , you know , classic pushbutton like this one , or you have also some button like l _ c _ d _ the other thing i want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation , electric alimentation do you want to have , so will it be for example uh d uh solar energy alimentation or will it be a battery like the classical battery for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from , you know , the cities uh for example in some place in in s senegal , so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation , you just , when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come and maybe it can attract all the ecological k yeah consumers but about the the price of adding this solar battery , would it be something really that will increase the price of production more , if we want to have battery , regular battery and and <other> the solar energy battery it could beit 'll it will add a little bit of the price , the plastic material is more common but , you know , something wooden will be like , i do n't know high cl so a special high class , and i if youwe want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood . the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits , chips , or do you have low level or or very very expensive , but i think that low level will be , you know , it is an interim module . andso i think maybe something very low level wou would be enough . i think the buttons i pr i prefer , you know , the l _ c _ d _ you know <other> lighted buttons what about the touch scr touch screen ? for example . it 's it 's expensive i i guess .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presented possible materials to use in making the case for the remote , introduced the option of using a solar battery , and discussed options for buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "trend watching . just to meet the user requirements i would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market and to kind of um have a better overview of what 's the fashion in general i 've checked more than only the remote control market , um user really really want a fancy look and feel . like the one you 've shown , david , with all the buttons andi mean <other> i i it sounds good technically second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative , so maybe it 's sort of related to what you 've said with the speech recognition and so on . at the same time , it 's important that it 's easy to use . that were the three first points from the remote control uh analysis . wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables , so i think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing . and then uh if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points , fancy look and feel has , on a score of seven would have six as importance . uh the remote control has to be technologically innovative , it 's three . then easy to use uh it 's not so important actually with respect to other y other ones . and the other point i have n't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch , this is this maybe does n't really fit with the wooden design . but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy ? plastic-like , but rubber , mayb maybe , you know , rubber-like uh", "summary": "abstract: the marketing specialistdiscussed recent findings from trend watching reports ."}
{"dialogue": "we have to take decisions about the component concepts , about the energy . maybe using solar energy andwith battery would be something interesting , i think we can have wood for example in the bottom and , you know . <laugh> no wood something spongy . <laugh> uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well . it 's it 's natural . so maybe we can stay with wood . but we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons , uh and what about the user interface concept ? google and fancy ? because i think that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this . the problem is i i 'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the t _ v _ , so speak directly to the t _ v _ and you do n't need a remote control actually , so maybe we 'll just focus on the google controller plus the fancy controller , maybe try to mix them these two concepts together , just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood . and l _ c _ d _ buttons . i think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add . commands , words and use them when you do n't want to use your fingers . even it is for s just some kids , you know , switching channels one two three four . not very complex commands , but easy commands , yeah , simple ones okay .", "summary": "abstract: the team discussed what materials to use and their interface concept ."}
{"dialogue": "so you will have to work on the look and feel design , to have the easy to use , powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the uh simple vocal commands recognition .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the look and feel of the design , the ease of use of the design , the characteristics of being powerful and fancy , and the speech recognition aspect ."}
{"dialogue": "uh you will have to work more , baba , on the um spongy way to to add spongy um touch to the buttons <laugh> and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on adding a spongy quality to the buttons and the shape of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "so you will havebaba and david jordan you will have to work together on the prototype and you will have next time to show us um modelling a cl a clay remote control ,", "summary": "action: two members of the team will work on creating a prototype made of clay"}
{"dialogue": "i think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller", "summary": "decisions: the team will not use the intelligent controller proposed by the user interface designer ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be technologically innovative ."}
{"dialogue": "google and fancy ? so maybe we 'll just focus on the google controller plus the fancy controller ,", "summary": "decisions: the team will mix the concepts of the google controller and the fancy controller in their design ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe using solar energy andwith battery would be something interesting , maybe try to mix them these two concepts together , just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use solar energy ."}
{"dialogue": "uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well . maybe try to mix them these two concepts together , just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use low level chips ."}
{"dialogue": "so maybe we can stay with wood . maybe try to mix them these two concepts together , just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood .", "summary": "decisions: the case of the remote will be made of wood ."}
{"dialogue": "and l _ c _ d _ buttons .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have lcd buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , simple ones okay .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use speech recognition for simple commands ."}
{"dialogue": "but as the um expert told us , most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels . because for the intelligent controller , <other> you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition , do you think they will be able to use gestures ? because , if they do all the time the same gesture , as you said previously in the last meeting , maybe they will get injuries because of that ? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five , i think they will be bored after a while . uh i think some time it 's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button . for example , if you can not find your uh <laugh> controller , you can just uh <laugh> just just uh speak something such as , yeah , one two . but suppose you got a cold . you have a mute remote controller . but how how ishow risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition ? for limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very but suppose you have a family watching t _ v _ , and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time , do you think it will work ? everybody wanting to change channel in the same time ? so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time , that 's that 's the advantage of intelligent controller . even you h you have the controller , i can <other> i can say channel three , no , but this is disadvant disadvantage . and mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to how how much will it cost ? more expensive maybe . we do n't have to do some basic research on this field . y y you have also the language problem , 'cause it it have to be universal , the vocabulary is very small , but there is one problem that uh baba talked about is the international the recognition system will be able to understand french . this could be downloaded by the web maybe , and with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control ? even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to seems to be quite complex . it it justthe microphone is embedded in the controller . but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this , if you have an object . if you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free , without any object . youso you can build a kind of black box and put it on t _ v _ and just to recognize gestures and voice . do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition ? think itwe should give the uh flexibility to the user you can seethey can switch form one modality to another . it 's a bit risky risky . but i think that , you know , switching from one country to to another will be a problem , i 'm sure if the user pays the same price , he 's happy to have recognition . i think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the google controller or a fancy controller . maybe try to mix the google controller and the fancy controller ? but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it , your mobile , the feature is not one hundred percent reliable , but it 's a feature to distinguish our product from ourfrom other products . but w we we want something th that works all the time , every day , every hour , for everyone . the problem is i i 'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the t _ v _ , so speak directly to the t _ v _ and you do n't need a remote control actually , even it is for s just some kids , you know , switching channels one two three four . commands , words and use them when you do n't want to use your fingers . not very complex commands , but easy commands , yeah , simple ones", "summary": "problems: using speech recognition in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "this is this maybe does n't really fit with the wooden design . but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy ? plastic-like , but rubber , mayb maybe , you know , rubber-like uh something spongy . <laugh> <laugh> no wood i think we can have wood for example in the bottom and , you know . it 's it 's natural . so maybe we can stay with wood .", "summary": "problems: whether to have a case that is made of wood or is spongy ."}
