{"dialogue": "we 'll have um first the project presentation by our user interface designer , david jordan , <laugh> and our industrial designer , baba . and the shape , there 's two basic shape . the first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece . so there are several key features of our pr prototype . the first is that it is fuzzy . i 'm sure this would be the unique design the market . the second key feature is that uh s circle channel um selection . uh the third feature is a stable triangle base . so it 's v um , you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel the low level chips inside it is in th inin the base , yeah . <other> the battery it is under . in fact this this this this is a kind of you know revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototype for the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> uh the basic colour is uh yellow and red . it 's looks like some mushroom , so we call it mushroom design . yeah but it 's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh <other> like lemon shape , you know , looks like more fruit . it looks <other> more like a pineapple .", "summary": "abstract: the prototype was yellow and red and was shaped like a mushroom ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah but it 's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh <other> like lemon shape , you know , and inspired colour and <other> and very sophisticated material , so . yeah , the shape is unique , maybe if you changeif you take the buttons out , i dunno , maybe improving the texture of like having it less smooth or if you want to turn the ball , it 's very it 's very convenient for you to to to turn the ball to change the channel . <laugh> <other> and where is the voice recognition ? ah , it 's embedded , your microphone . first one is we have to judge the fancy look and feel . <other> no , the colour is okay , that 's fine . but i would say there is moretoo much red . <laugh> right . so , from one to seven ? three . the other criterion is is it technologically uh technologically in innovative . there four microphone . yeah bu but when you say technologically it 's more uh i dunno , in the core , or single . we have tactile buttons . is it easy to use ? eh , for th the vocal command yes , it 's might be easy . and you can turn like that to change the channel ? < sound imitating the turning of a wheel > then the angle you stop is the angle youis the channel you how d how do you know this angle is th is the correct one ? it 's it 's very easy , because you kn you know how many channel are there in the i think it 's easier than traditional controller . you haveyou just turn the turn the ball . it 's reasonable three . <laugh> those are sort of agreed but this one would be more five to me . but this this has to stay on the table , right ? <other> in fact on a flat place you need to have everything in hand . if you want to turn , you ca n't use it and turn . you know tha that 's the weak point , <laugh> yeah , you would never you would never lose this one , yeah . yeah , four it 's more reasonable , so . uh yeah , another thing is the logo is missing still .", "summary": "abstract: the team then conducted a product evaluation of the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "and you can turn it so maybe it 's techno technologically innov innovative ? yeah , so you can capture s voice from different directions . yeah . and i think youyou 've never seen a rou a round remote control , so it is i see , you have microphone array embedded . i think technically it 's acceptable , so i would say two yeah but this this turning yeah but how how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels ? and you can turn like that to change the channel ? < sound imitating the turning of a wheel > yeah i 'm i 'm no i 'm not definitely convinced it 's it 's the best way toif you wan na jump from , i dunno , one to twenty ? oh yeah , that 's difficult . that 's dif that 's difficult . how d how do you know this angle is th is the correct one ? it 's it 's very easy , because you kn you know how many channel are there in the i think b but the the vocal command is easy too . so it 's coarse to fine design . that 's very technologic , so . <laugh> yeah . yeah it 's a sleeping remote control . ah , that 's not the ecological part , yeah . w that why we have the solar ti yeah . <other> to compensate . i think it 's easier than traditional controller . you haveyou just turn the turn the ball . but this this has to stay on the table , right ? <other> in fact on a flat place you need to have everything in hand . if you want to turn , you ca n't use it and turn . you know tha that 's the weak point , <laugh> yeah , you would never you would never lose this one , yeah . yeah , especially on the easy to use", "summary": "abstract: overall , the team found the prototype to be technologically innovative but had some issues with the prototype 's appearance and its usability ."}
{"dialogue": "it need maybe some wo further work , but it's yeah , especially on the easy to use but i d m i think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple .", "summary": "abstract: the team decided that the prototype required further work ."}
{"dialogue": "we need to calculate the production cost . as i said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty euros . um , how many do y do you need , solar cells ? uh i think in each ball you have three single simple chip on print ? and sample sensor , sample speaker . mm . one maybe , yeah . so we are all already nineteen . the solar cell is too expensive . <laugh> there 's no wood , so plastic just only , i think . we have two special colours . we have change the electronics tofrom from the the the sample sensor to regular chip . oh . yeah w one of the m key point is solar cells . maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one ? i think you can transform the wood into plastic , maybe . we could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black . an but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button . double curve . we can transform the double curve into single c yeah . <laugh> i think there 's a problem with the push push button . so we have one button , one s one scroll wheel , so yeah , maybe two scroll wheel , as we have the coarse coarse to fine scroll wheel . okay wei think we have problem . <laugh> i think we s if we keep on adding things push button . mm . yeah , we have four . i think it 's more like double curved .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost ."}
{"dialogue": "but we have solar cells . i think you can transform the wood into plastic , maybe . we could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black . an but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button . double curve . we can transform the double curve into single c yeah . one s one scroll wheel , so so we have one button , so , yeah . it think we we 've done good job , as the cost is it 's fine , twelve fifty uh", "summary": "abstract: in discussing the production costs , the team settled on what features they wanted in the remote , while staying within the boundaries of their budget , and decided it was not necessary to completely redesign their product ."}
{"dialogue": "so did you enjoy your clay modelling ? yes . of course . this is my job . <laugh> yeah , i think i find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process tofrom the beginning to the end . and designing , looking at the chips , the solar cells and uh and it was very <laugh> informative for . uh tha that was good but we should have more brainstorming like meetings , maybe . 'cause we just presenting one is presenting his stuff next one his stuff and then we try to combine afterwards , so itum . so i think the costs are within the budget . do you think you can celebrate your creation ? and you can celebrate your leadership . <laugh> i 'm not so happy about the fruit shape , you know . and we have a nearly final product .", "summary": "abstract: the team then engaged in a project evaluation in which the team discussed the process of creating their product ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "it looks <other> more like a pineapple . let 's say it 's a pineapple now . <laugh> but i d m i think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be shaped like a pineapple ."}
{"dialogue": "there 's no wood , so plastic just only , i think . i think you can transform the wood into plastic , maybe .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be made of plastic ."}
{"dialogue": "double curve . we can transform the double curve into single c yeah .", "summary": "decisions: the case of the remote will be single curved ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one ?", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have one solar cell ."}
{"dialogue": "an but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button . one s one scroll wheel , so", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a scroll wheel ."}
{"dialogue": "an but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button . <laugh> i think there 's a problem with the push push button . so we have one button ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature only one push button ."}
{"dialogue": "uh yeah , another thing is the logo is missing still . it'syeah but iti do n't think it 's such a problem just putting the logo somewhere . uh f like y we can we can put some uh double r _ so maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side , the double r _ .", "summary": "decisions: the corporate logo will need to be incorporated into the product ."}
{"dialogue": "it 's looks like some mushroom , so we call it mushroom design . yeah but it 's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh <other> like lemon shape , you know , yeah , because mushroom was not in the trends . fruits and vegetables . looks like more fruit . it looks <other> more like a pineapple . let 's say it 's a pineapple now . <laugh>", "summary": "problems: whether to use a mushroom or another fruit or vegetable as the basis of the shape of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "so it 's v um , you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel if you want to turn the ball , it 's very it 's very convenient for you to to to turn the ball to change the channel . yeah but how how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels ? yeah i 'm i 'm no i 'm not definitely convinced it 's it 's the best way toif you wan na jump from , i dunno , one to twenty ? but this this has to stay on the table , right ? <other> in fact on a flat place you need to have everything in hand . if you want to turn , you ca n't use it and turn . you know tha that 's the weak point ,", "summary": "problems: having a base on the remote which the user is required to turn in a circular motion in order to change the channel ."}
