{"dialogue": "so today is um our third meeting . it will be about the conceptual design <other> uh .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting , stating that it is about conceptual design ."}
{"dialogue": "um . we decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons and we are not decided about u the use of l _ c _ d _ screen on on the remote control because of costs . uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point .", "summary": "abstract: he restates the last meeting 's descision that they will not do speech recognition technology but says they still have to decide whether to use an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "so each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform", "summary": "abstract: then they move on to the three presentations ."}
{"dialogue": "i investigate deeper the preference of the users . what i found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device . after they they want something new technologic technologically speaking , what they what they find more more interesting , moreor more important it 's uh a fancy look and feel instead of uh instead of the current the current trend which was f the functional look and feel . so now more more cool aspect , ma morea cooler aspect uh rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with instead of i instead of ha of a device which can do many things , a device which is pleasant to to watch , to see . all this fashion it 's <cough> it 's fruit and the the the theme is fruit and vegetables . and also <cough> in the in the u _ s _ a _ the the currentthe mor the most popular feeling it 's it 's a spongy . what what do you mean by <laugh> fruit and vegetables and spongy ? i did n't miss and i saw that the fruit , there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert is first to present , and he talks about making a pleasant-looking device , particularly one that favors current trends ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're not gon na have a remote control in the shape of of a banana , vegetable textures and all this kind . so which fruit are you thinking of ? i ha i have n't thought of any particular fruit , but the general aspect of the of the remote control may maycould remind some kind of vegetable , instead of vegetable , some natur mm uh natural object or something . or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the no , not n not not too much focus , not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend the trend will be different . i 'm not , i 'm not really sure if uh that would really appeal to everyone though , like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner , is fruit cool ? okay , but it has to be easy to uh to use though and to hold you know , well , probably the only thing is a banana that i can think of , a cucumber . maybe too long . and you you you will not have pla enougha lot of place to put a l _ c _ d _ on a banana also . and also it'si 'm not convinced about this l _ c _ d _ uh do you want a an l _ c _ d _ with twenty five euros ? <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: they then begin talking about using a fruit , vegetable , or natural object as the shape of the remote , the logo , or for the buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "you 're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttonswith only a few buttons .", "summary": "abstract: eventually they decide to make the device the shape of a banana ."}
{"dialogue": "so you are user interface guy .", "summary": "abstract: next , the user interface specialist presents ."}
{"dialogue": "okay . so i received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit , it means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that . is this a technology that recognize keywordsspeech keywords ? it 's it 'll recognize uh i guess keywords , but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase . so this is not s really to do to to do control . it 's designed it 's designed as a fun kind of thing , yeah comp <laugh> completely pointless <laugh> for the inter forfrom the interaction point of v point of view .", "summary": "abstract: he annouces that the technology division of their company has developed an integrated programmeable sample speaker unit , which would allow a person to have a conversation with the remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "i guess you could build that in , you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control . but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done .", "summary": "abstract: they have the option of using that technology ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our <laugh> potential funky-looking uh remote control but i mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need , um . it 's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it 's hard to get so many buttons on a banana well , i guess you need an on and off switch , but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe , you know ,", "summary": "abstract: he shows them his plan what the remote control could look like and the features it might have ."}
{"dialogue": "but um , i 've just indicated here , we could have actually two scroll wheels , <other> but i think it 's important , you know , to have two scroll wheels because , you know , you want one for for the channel , but you also want one for for the volume ,", "summary": "abstract: he suggests putting two scroll wheels- one for changing the channel and another for the volume ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've also included this turbo button because i think , you know , every design should have a turbo button , so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if uh , you know , if i 'm if i 'm goingif i 'm scrolling past them", "summary": "abstract: he also included a turbo button for speed , which he thinks every design should have ."}
{"dialogue": "so i it looks like we 're going completely to forget about the l _ c _ d _ thing .", "summary": "abstract: since they can only charge twenty-five euro they decide to eliminate the lcd screen idea ."}
{"dialogue": "it might be useful to have some kind of base station , even if it 's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping , you know , this is a way of finding the remote .", "summary": "abstract: after that the interface specialist talks about having a base station for the purpose of finding the remote control when lost ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "abstract: the user could simply press a button on the base station and the remote control would start beeping ."}
{"dialogue": "so this is going to be about the component design . so first thing is we need power source for the remote control .", "summary": "abstract: lastly , the industrial designer presents , discussing the power source of the remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "so i was of the idea that we can have two kind of power supplies , one is the usual batteries which are there , they could be chargeable batteries if there 's a basis station kind of thing and on top of that we can have solar cells , when the lighting conditions are good they can be used so it 'll be pretty uh innovative kind .", "summary": "abstract: he suggests that they could have one of two kinds of power supplies- the usual batteries or rechargable ones if there is to be a base station and they could place solar cells on top for times when the lighting is good ."}
{"dialogue": "then uh we need plastic with some elasticity so that if yourif the remote control falls it 's not broken directly into pieces , i guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy .", "summary": "abstract: he talks about using plastic with elasticity so that the remote would not break into pieces if it fell , which relates to their earlier discussion about giving it a spongy design ."}
{"dialogue": "but plastic is i think is the most appropriate one , it 'll bring the cost down yeah but it 's more easier to do a banana in plastic than uh in wood .", "summary": "abstract: plastic is also less costly than other options of wood or titanum ."}
{"dialogue": "and then it should be double curve . the s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve . with plastic you can have double curve but with uh certain other materials we can not have double curve .", "summary": "abstract: in addition , he talks about giving the control a double curve , curves on both the sides so that it is easy to hold and handle ."}
{"dialogue": "but are we set on the banana idea ? the shape of a banana is not it 's not really handy . yes it is . yeah , okay , so capsicum or pepper . yeah . <other> i do n't know , it seems a little bit kind of bulky to me , like butlike a banana you can you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top", "summary": "abstract: they do not yet seem set about the idea of making it a banana shape , and one group member feels that the shape is not handy ."}
{"dialogue": "then uh there are different kind of chips , one one is the basic chip and the regular chip and one an adva advanced chip . pricing is a factor for us , that 's why we 'll go for the regular chip .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial desiger tells them they will use a regular chip rather than the advanced one since pricing is a factor ."}
{"dialogue": "so you 're having the basis station and there is a button , if you press that button wherever the remote it 'll start beeping so you know where the remote is . uh <other> i think that 's a pretty handy feature . yeah but i 'm a bit worried about the budget . basis station is nothing more , just it 's a wire which is coming from the main cable and uh you 're having one socket on which the thing sits .", "summary": "abstract: they agree on having base station with the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm just wondering actually , 'cause , you know , ithis whole fruit thing with the banana , it 's um it seemed likeit first seems a bit kind of uh niche , like only a few people would really want a banana , but what if it was kind of uh a stylised banana ? you know , rather than having it kind of you know yellow and really looking exactly like a banana , you could make it kind of silver . if you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana . maybelike still in the shape of a banana . um , but you know , just maybe maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana", "summary": "abstract: they go on to have discussion , with one member suggesting that they make the banana more stylized so that it looks less like a banana- for example , it could be silver ."}
{"dialogue": "so we need to take some de decisions about um <other> about what we 're going to do . <laugh> we 'll have a base station extra uh on the side . so wethat means we need a button on th on the on the basis . uh , we have a r _ f _ for um for beeping for beeping . and your tur turbo turbo uh button . yeah , whichi think it 's it 's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , and and you have two wheels . oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well .", "summary": "abstract: after that the project manager has them discuss / reiterate the decisions made during the meeting: no lcd screen , the remote will have a base station , a rf for beeping , a button on the base station to press , possibly a stylish banana-shape for the control , 2 scroll wheels to control the volume and channels at the thumb level , a turbo button perhaps underneath the device , on / off button for the tv ."}
{"dialogue": "you have to uh work on the look and feel uh design and you have to work on the user interface , in fact you two you have to work together to model the first uh f first prototype .", "summary": "action: before the next meeting , the interface specialist and industrial designer have to work together on the user interface and the look / feel design ."}
{"dialogue": "uh marketing expert uh have to go to product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert has to look up product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "so this is out of discussion . i think it does n't really add much to the functional design and it 's it 's it 's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so so i it looks like we 're going completely to forget about the l _ c _ d _ thing . no we can we ca n't use that . well , i f i think it 's probably more than , than ourcan handle because it 's designed for a coffee machine , you know , to say hello in the morning . l _ c _ d _ has already been ruled out , a _ s _ r _ has been ruled out .", "summary": "decisions: thus far , lcd and asr have been ruled out ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> we 'll have a base station extra uh on the side . so wethat means we need a button on th on the on the basis . and your tur turbo turbo uh button . yeah , whichi think it 's it 's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , and and you have two wheels . oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a base station , a button on the base station to press , 2 scroll wheels for the channels and volume , a turbo button ( possibly underneath the device ) , and an on / off button for the tv ."}
{"dialogue": "but are we set on the banana idea ?", "summary": "problems: the group has not yet agreed on whether the remote should be banana-shaped ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i dunno if the traditional user is gon na buy a a banana remote but you know our targets are very high , means fifty million euros is the profit which we want make .", "summary": "problems: there is concern that the shape is not handy and might make the product less marketable- that would be a problem since they have to meet the fifty million euros profit goal ."}
