{"dialogue": "uh , we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control . so i 'm going to be the project manager of this uh project . i 'm fabien cardinaux and uh i i guess you can present yourself . so my name is petre . uh , in the project i 'm supposed to be the technic . 'kay . so my name 's bob morris . i 'm the marketing expert for this project . my name is hamed getabdar , and uh i 'm going to be interface designer in this project .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves by name and their role in the project ."}
{"dialogue": "we are talking about the project plan , um . so what is the goal of this project ? is to design a new remote control . so it 's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way . um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use allduring all this project . for example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it . so i will ask you all to do the same . well sh should i draw the picture of the animal ? yeah , yeah , you can draw the picture , of course <laugh> .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then had the team members participate in a tool training exercise in which each member drew his favorite animal on the white board and discussed what he liked about the animal ."}
{"dialogue": "uh we are going to to sellwe want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five euro euro . and uh our expected profit will be around fifty million euro . and uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world . we expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty euro .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager also discussed selling prices and the project budget ."}
{"dialogue": "um , so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control , and any idea ? well , from experience , um i 've had remote controls in the past that have had verythey 've had lots and lots of buttons and they 've been very small , and it 's been very hard to to to use , because there 's so many buttons , you know , on a t _ v _ remote you only ever use , mostly , you know , f four or f six buttons . um . uh first would be that in current remote controls there is no back light <other> , so if you are if you are uh playing with this in the dark room it 's it 's probably worth to to have something like uh back light . and the second thing , f second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is uhthere are two buttons for volume control . but i prefer like a potential-meter or something like . are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it couldthe the volume can go up very quickly yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards , i uh i prefer um remote control working with radio waves , because remote control working with infra-red rays you should you should you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it hard to tune .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed their experiences with remotes , focusing on various features they would like to see in the remote they will produce , as well as features they find unappealing in current remotes ."}
{"dialogue": "uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control ,", "summary": "action: the interface designer will work on the technical functions of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will find the user requirements for the remote"}
{"dialogue": "uh we are going to to sellwe want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five euro euro .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will sell for 25 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be sold internationally ."}
{"dialogue": "we expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty euro .", "summary": "decisions: the production costs can not exceed 12 . 50 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: * na * ."}
