{"dialogue": "tod uh for this meeting i will take the notes and do the minutes . uh so we will see our three presentations . um we will start with the uh manager expert wi who will talk about uh user re requirements , whats user needs and what it desire for this devi device . okay , so basically i 'm gon na present some findings of a study we conducted uh into uh what users want in this remote control . so basically um the major things we found out was that um basically users do n't like the look and feel of of most remote controls that are currently on the market . seventy five percent of the people we we uh did the experiments on , found that rem remote the remote controls that they 'd used in the past were ugly . um they they did n't match the operating behaviour of the user , um and thirdly they say that w half of the users that we um tested said that they only used ten percent of the buttons that uh are on remote controls . and from this we basically came up with the figure that the channel buttons , the channel selection buttons are the mostby far the most used buttons on the remote control . and basically they camethey said the channel , volume , and power buttons had the highest relevance to users , and fifty percent of the users said that uh what frustrates them is losing the remote control um somewhere in the room and not being able to find it .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and then the marketing expert discussed user requirements ."}
{"dialogue": "in particular , do they want an l _ c _ d _ d display , and secondly , do they think speech recognition uh is a useful feature to have on a remote control . um basically our findings are that um amongst a younger age groups uh the answer is umv overwhelmingly yes . so i guess it depends on where we 're focusing our our market .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert also found that younger users want an lcd display and a remote capable of speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so here is my presentation about technical function design . uh first is remote control have sh ha should have some electric circuits uh making interface with uh keyboard and uh r reading uh keyboard and reading the keyboard uh commands . and then there should be uh an electronic circuit making uh electronic signals according to these commands and uh finally there is a transmitter which is a cord or a a diode making uh making uh waves to transmit through the air okay , <other> uh aboutwhat i found about uh different uh these different blocks are uh , usually there are two different methods uh tofor designing a remote control . they are based on infra-red uh waves or uh uh radio waves . uh uh uh uh certainly a remote control withuh working with radio waves is uh preferred because uh you can pr you can take it in any direction and you do n't need to tune it any way . and uh uh again , using bigger buttons and less number of buttons are also preferred , as i see . do you think radio waves um will interfere with other appliances in the home ? uh , i do n't think so , and what happen with uh radio waves when two neighbours have the samehave our remote control , for example ? but one solution can be something like putting uh p password or something inside the wave , so the only your t _ v _ can understand it", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist discussed the interior workings of a remote and stated a preference for using radio waves over infra-red technology ."}
{"dialogue": "i have only a couple of things because i hadi struggled a bit with the software that i 'm supposed to use in this uh uh in this company . so i have to look what what is a v a v available on the market for for the communicationfor the i _ r _ circuits and so on , and uh i wanted to ask you m maybe afterwards , after after our discussion , if we have some contacts in some companies , so , which can report on what is going on there , so , i know that uh the user interface people and these speak about radio frequency waves but you know , when you are not close to the t _ v _ you probably wo n't need to to change the program and so on and so i am i am voting for s to stick to the um infra-red control instead of r _ w _ well , l _ c _ d _ it 's okay because it 's common nowadays to use l _ c _ d _ , but the speech recognition we have to compare whether the price and thewhat does it offer , you know . and uh my personal preference is yes , i would like also preferably to use r _ w _ circuit , but from the point of view uh of the design and price , i would stick to i _ r _ s .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed particular components that a remote could include ."}
{"dialogue": "so um i have to inform you i receive an email from the management bon board today and they have new requirements for the for the remote control . um because of the internet popularity and everybody has internet at home , and actually it 's not useful to have teletext . um the second thing is uh they suggest that that we should uh use the remote control only for t _ v _ , not for d _ v _ d _ and other devices , the third one is uh about the the the image of the company . it'sthat mean we should use the colour of our company so um uh we should we should keep uhthe the product should be recognisable . and maybe put somewhere the s the slogan of the company , which is uh , we put fashion ofin electronics . so now we we should take the decision what we are going towhat function we will have on this uh on this remote control . well , should we start with just the core , the basic functions that we need . and then we can move on to the more advanced features . i think we should stick on very useful functions , because we want less button . so , turning channel , of course . volume setting . because it 's many buttons and we were speaking about lowering the number . will we use only two buttons , or or like numbered buttons ? maybe we could have key buttons , like uh discovery channe like documentary channel , and movies channel and so so we keep all these all these buttons . if you want to see a movie you click on the movie button so you have all the movie channels and after you 've you plus plus plus . so it requires the use of l _ c _ d _ probably , to to tell you we could maybe also c um incorporate petre 's idea of the um slider for the volume , with the channel . i mean there 's alwayswe can always have these l less often used functions hidden somewhere , <other> we should hide them somewhere . i mean a power button 's obviously uh required . uh , well i think when they say power button they mean to turn the t _ v _ on and off . should should should n't we do it like sleep mode after five minutes of not using it ? so we we could p what we could probably do is to keep also to keep uh keep the l _ c _ d _ and all the buttons and stuff , should we make it a button , or some some something which would be a button is better . what about things like the clock and um timers ? if we if we add the time , we have to have maybe a bigger display or something like that , probably not . i mean , are users wants to have the time on the on the remote ? w in my opinion we should have only useful thing", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and initiated a discussion in which the team discussed and decided on various features to include in the remote they will produce ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: the team members will work on their individual work"}
{"dialogue": "because of the internet popularity and everybody has internet at home , and actually it 's not useful to have teletext .", "summary": "decisions: the team will not work with teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "um the second thing is uh they suggest that that we should uh use the remote control only for t _ v _ , not for d _ v _ d _ and other devices ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "so um uh we should we should keep uhthe the product should be recognisable . it'sthat mean we should use the colour of our company and maybe put somewhere the s the slogan of the company , which is uh , we put fashion ofin electronics . the third one is uh about the the the image of the company .", "summary": "decisions: the corporate image must be recognizable in the product ."}
{"dialogue": "so so we keep all these all these buttons . so we 've got channel and volume . um . a button is better .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have buttons for channel changing , volume settings , numerals , and power on / off ."}
{"dialogue": "so we we could p what we could probably do is to keep also to keep uh keep the l _ c _ d _ and all the buttons and stuff ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> we should hide them somewhere .", "summary": "decisions: lesser used functions will be able to be accessed on the remote but they will be hidden on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "probably not . w in my opinion we should have only useful thing", "summary": "decisions: the remote will not have a time button ."}
{"dialogue": "and speech recognition in remote unit , it will be very e expensive . but the speech recognition we have to compare whether the price and thewhat does it offer , you know . if we decide to use the speech recognition , then we probably could struggle", "summary": "problems: cost of adding speech recognition to a remote ."}
{"dialogue": "do you think radio waves um will interfere with other appliances in the home ? uh , i do n't think so , and what happen with uh radio waves when two neighbours have the samehave our remote control , for example ?", "summary": "problems: whether using radio waves will interfere with other technology a user owns ."}
{"dialogue": "and the price is fairly cheap for this .", "summary": "problems: cost of infra-red components ."}
{"dialogue": "will we use only two buttons , or or like numbered buttons ? because it 's many buttons and we were speaking about lowering the number .", "summary": "problems: how to minimize the number of buttons on the remote while having buttons to access channels ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean there 's alwayswe can always have these l less often used functions hidden somewhere ,", "summary": "problems: whether to include lesser used functions in the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> this i was thinking . do we need a power button at all ? uh , well i think when they say power button they mean to turn the t _ v _ on and off . should should should n't we do it like sleep mode after five minutes of not using it ? should we make it a button , or some some something which would be a button is better .", "summary": "problems: whether to have a power button ."}
{"dialogue": "what about things like the clock and um timers ? if we if we add the time , we have to have maybe a bigger display or something like that , i mean , are users wants to have the time on the on the remote ? probably not . w in my opinion we should have only useful thing", "summary": "problems: whether to have a timer feature ."}
{"dialogue": "if we if we add the time , we have to have maybe a bigger display or something like that ,", "summary": "problems: whether to have a display function ."}
