{"dialogue": "um i 'm sarah , the project manager okay , this is our agenda , um <other> get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other . um then we 'll go do tool training , talk about the project plan , discuss our own ideas and everything um now , we 're developing a remote control which you probably already know . um , we want it to be original , um , trendy , appealing to a wide market , and user-friendly , grannies to kids , maybe even pooches should be able to use it .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager gave an introduction to the goal of the project , to create a trendy yet user-friendly remote ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , um , first is the functional design , um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , um , conceptual design , and then the detailed design , how we 're actually gon na put it into practice and make it work .", "summary": "abstract: she presented a long-range agenda for the whole project ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're gon na practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the white board , and um sum up the characteristics of that animal . i 'm going to tell you that 's supposed to be a tiger . uh , maybe you can guess what i 'm trying to make ? a kind of dog ? okay , now i 'm gon na have to change what is was originally gon na be <cough> yeah , it can be a crocodile , it can be a crocodile . it 's meant to be an eagle <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the group introduced themselves to each other and practiced with the meeting room tools by drawing on the board ."}
{"dialogue": "um finance-wise , we 've got a selling price at twenty five euros , which i do n't actually know what that is in pounds , at all . seventeen . okay , that 's expensive . havi having said that though , if you wan na get one of thosethe the ones on the market at the moment they 're s they 're about twenty pounds anyway . um production cost 's at twelve fifty , so um , and profit aim is fifty million euros , you 've got market range international and you did say earlier it 's got to be aum accessible and usable by sort of all age groups", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the project budget , the projected price point , and the projected profit aim for the project ."}
{"dialogue": "what are your experiences with remote controls ? i mean i 've gotwe got umwe had three videos , a t _ v _ and a sort of amp thing all set up so we got one of the universal remote controls , um that you programme each of your things into , but that kept losing the signals but that was quite good , the fact that you couldyou did n't have six remote controls sitting in front of you . my experience has only been being given the remote control with the object i buy , not doing any tampering with it and programming , i hate i hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do and symbols that you do n't necessarily understand , so simplification of symbols you could think of . and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording , things like that inside it . the other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control", "summary": "abstract: then the group began a discussion about their own experiences with remote controls to generate initial design ideas for making the product user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "but you know on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it 's got a menu display , i wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful , so you 've got a little l _ c _ d _ display . instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an l _ c _ d _ di display or something like that , what about the older generation ? that 's gon na be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps , i do n't like the , you know the new phones that have kind of got a windows-based running system . i find it really confusing , yeah , i do n't i do n't know how for twenty fi , or twelve euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , you 'd you 'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white l _ c _ d _ thing anyway , i 'd assume .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed grouping features into a menu and adding an lcd display ."}
{"dialogue": "and there 's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone , it can still be lightweight plastic , you know ? something that 's easily moulded and produced . about what you 're saying about the uhdoes does it need to be fashionable ? i i had a quick look at the company website and it 's like the the uhwe put the fashion into electronics , i mean you don'tyou you can still have plastic we do n't have to use metal , and the telewest remote controls are silver plastic , i mean there 's sky remote controls and everything . they 're kind of moulded so yeah i guess that 's stuff we can think about .", "summary": "abstract: they also discussed the look of various materials that may be used in the design , in keeping with the company 's goal to create fashionable electronics ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're all gon na go off and do our individual things . um and then we 'll come back and liaise again okay , um , first is the functional design , um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , um what effects the product has to have", "summary": "action: the group will prepare for the functional design meeting to discuss the components and functions of the product ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: na ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , i do n't i do n't know how for twenty fi , or twelve euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , you 'd you 'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white l _ c _ d _ thing anyway , i 'd assume . the other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control i think that 's a cost thing ,", "summary": "problems: there may not be enough money in the budget to allow the addition of all the features the group discussed , such as the lcd display ."}
