{"dialogue": "i hope you 're ready for this uh functional design meeting . i will take the minutes you mm you three are going to do presentation . um uh we want to knowtoat the end to know the new project 's requirement we need uh to know the the user uh needs we want to know how it going to work third part <laugh> uh i do n't remember <laugh> let 's go for the three presentations ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda to the team members ."}
{"dialogue": "so first um marketing expert . so as you know , youi think you already know me , sammy benjo . i am the expert in marketing and i want to tell you about what people uh s want and uh like and dislike in remote controls , what i suggest is that uh instead of deciding ourself what what could be and what should be a good uh remote control , let 's ask people who are users of remote controls what they like , what they do n't like so we 've we 've conducted a a survey on on the use of uh remote controls what we found was that uh there are several things that the user do n't like in remote controls . first of all , they find it very ugly . <laugh> uh they 're not nice colour , not nice shape , i mean they 're all the same , um what is interesting is that in fact it seems that they werepeople are ready to pay for nice and lookand fancy looking uh remote control , so i think we should probably spend lots of time inand effort in that um . and it itthe the current uh facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls . and the other thing is that uh the the current remote controls are not so easy to use for instance uh we see that uh they zap very often so i think this is a very uh important uh functionality and most of the buttons uh on uh current remote controls are not used , so i think we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using . people are very frustrated w with their <laugh> remote controls and they for instance uh they do n't even find it <laugh> it 's <laugh> it 's often lost somewhere in the in thein your home maybe if we have something where we could <laugh> ask the remote control please , where are you ? <laugh> like uh something to tolike t i think phones . some of the phones have some of this kind of s functionality . and because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody use , so most of the the people say they they do n't know how totheyto use properly their r remote controls . and uh they are bad for r _ s _ i _ but uh i do n't remember what is r _ s _ i _ . yeah , it 's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect . but we have to take this into account . now i remember what is r _ s _ i _ <laugh> it 's repetitivity stress injury .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed the findings of a survey which indicated that current remotes are ugly , difficult to use , have a number of unused buttons , frustrate users when misplaced , and contribute to rsi ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 've listed a couple of uh functions . that may be uh used by u the user in the current uh available uh remote controls but what is important is to understand that the power button is not used often because in general you <laugh> use it only once per session , but it is very relevant . <laugh> people want to have a power button . channel selection is uh o often usedvery often used volume is not often used but people uh want to have control on volume and n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings . audio settings , screen settings , even teletext and channel settings . all of them . they 're not often used and they are s more or less relevant . it seems that people find teletext teletext uh relevant , but seems that it 's average relevant at least , so . i have been told that we uh do n't consider teletext , that it 's out of date now because of internet . if if there are good reason not to put teletext it 's okay one of the thingthe trend uh that uh you are probably aware of is the possibilitythe eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control , so you would n't have to tap tap in your buttons but just tell your remote control or whatever you need you have what you want . so we 've conducted a survey about uh whether people would like or not to have uh this kind of uh functionality in their remote control and as we can see it really depends on the age . young people , probably because it 's a buzz word , find it very relevant . and uh as the age goes up <laugh> the <laugh> the relevance goes down . <laugh> so now it really depends on the kind of uh targeting uh wha who are we targeting with this remote control ? i think if we are targeting young people then uh it 's probably something we have to consider . if we are targeting you very old people this is something they really do n't know why theythis should be so that 's basically my findings . should we aim at the young people or not ? i think we should aim at the young people . but uh i think they arethey are those uh who might be more interested in a in a new device . in general the the early adopters of a new device are young people , then teletext is useless for them i think , because they they have other means of finding their information . yeah .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert also stated that young users like speech recognition and that users in general want buttons for power , channel selection , volume control , and a few lesser used settings ."}
{"dialogue": "my name is mark dwight , and um i am responsible for user interface design . however , uh mm project manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design . that 's gon na be less technical functions but more user interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this . and uh a general method which isseems to be very useful for our task we should never complicate things too much . we should only make a remote control , nothing more . nothing more than this , just a remote control . 'cause current remote controls they are never easy enough to use . so here is this remote control . it 's quite a standard one , but it 's not from a t _ v _ , it 's from a much easier device like air conditioning or something . but you know , we can use it for a t _ v _ easily . only buttons we need is on off , volume , channels and maybe some options or something else , i would say the simplest one as long as there are the uhi find the buttons that i need every time i need a button . maybe it can be yeah middle oflike , between those two compared to this one our question of the style , we should remember that our company puts fashion into electronics for personal preferences i think that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium . it is unbreakable and it is very universal . w we 'll have a screen with a back light which can change colours , and we can put all the options into this screen . we 'll need only few buttons . all the other things can be controlled through the screen . and all these buttons should be easy to find and to click , i would propose this concept for design , just few buttons , a screen with a back light which can change colours , titanium we need power and volume . and let us include two nice features into this device , first , power on and off can be made fully automatic . when you go to the sofa , take your control and point it to the t _ v _ , the t _ v _ turns on . and when does it turn off ? when you do n't touch the control for for enough time and another nice feature that i would like to implement is uh volume control . suppose you set u you set up some volume and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room and take your control with you . like , you want to to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa or something , and then the volume changes . uh i 'm not sure about the screen , according to your distance toand the angle maybe , if you have a stereo system . wha what is the use usefulness of the screen ? uh is it a touch screen by the way ? i think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left , right , up , down and enter . but uh it has to be with an back light somehow . so basically that 's it . <other> um i see that you target uh several s application not only t _ v _ but i like we talk about um universal uh remote control . can be easily done , since we were targeting a really soon uh uh date for the the the um i issuing of this uh remote control i think we will only concentrate on t _ v _ for the moment and then maybe m make it more generalisedyeah . but it 's quite universal you know . we can just extend it to any device . for instance if i want to go todirectly to channel twenty five , how would i docan i do that with this ? you know these days we have hundreds of channels , <other> in fact i would propose another solution . basically you use just four or five channels , set up your t _ v _ set like channels that you use they 're one , two , three and five , and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel . but even we can have some uh l _ c _ d _ display , like you can uh de you can just button the number one thing is that as i said in my presentation people really do like to z zap . so even if they are only watching four or five channels , i think they want to zap out of the one hundred channels , on zap it 's only next next next next next , yeah . but otherwise like we can put some display on numbers mm . we got these buttons here . next next . maybe we can make uh different modes for each button and you can change modezapping mode or but since we are focusing only on t _ v _ remote controls so we can have more functions for t _ v _ could we carry out some research if we w really need this , like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four ? <laugh> i 'll check in my department if there 's someone specialist in that . <laugh>", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented existing remotes to exemplify the need for simpler designs , discussed the use of components such as titanium and a back-lit lcd screen , and discussed other features to consider such as color options ."}
{"dialogue": "uh as you know , i am mister ramaro . i am an expert in uh industrial design of all electronic devices <other> so now i 'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control . as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the the device , like t _ v _ or v _ c _ r _ or d _ v _ d _ player etcetera . so we need to have some energy source to do whatto do the functions , what we want on this portable device . <other> so to do these functions we need an interface , which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that . and then these messagesthese key buttons can be transferred into some kind of message and then it will process by the chip and then it will generate some information to the main device . uh since we are focusing on our interface deviceremote control mainly the energy source like the battery and then we have user interface like uh the keypad and you know buttons we want , we ought to have some kind of processor and then we 'll have the infrared l _ e _ d _ source then we 'll have switch in our main uh um device to do particular operations , and we ought to do different codes for different t _ v _ s , to make it quite uh an universal uh device uh . because the people do n't use one particular brand so so we need to check their specifications so we need to have particular encryption codes . so i 'll input the connections to all this components . so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them . mm-hmm . and from from the discussion we had do youcan you make it on the whiteboard , ormm . and also marketing expert for the speech recognition is really handy , we can have another , like uh s simple speech recogniser on our d _ s _ b _ chip . and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip so that and we will put uh the small uh simple speech recogniser you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , yeah . think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them , and what about the price of this component ? uh maybe we can make uh it in five euros and even less than that , the user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume or or it will be something like volume , up , down . and then we can have channel they can say , okay i want eight , we do n't want like b _ b _ c _ or c _ n _ n _ or something else it will be complicated first of all i i think this is not uh functionality that it is going to be instead of using the buttons . actually we we can have one switch to like uh switch on , on and off , thisprocessor did you consider the r gest uh gesture recognition ? like , if i want to put volume up i like domm i take my remote control do likesomething like roll 'em up or roll 'em down . <laugh> very expensive , even automatic on off is also a bit problematic , like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they do n't touch the remote and mm y you do n't know how much time you need to switch on or switch off so in in a given room there might be more than one remote control . we would uh have each one and uh with our own personal uh settings . yeah that can be possible , especially for power settings , so user can say okay , suppose they 're watching a tennis match or something then they can say okay uh after one hour i because we have only very few words like like power , switch on or some like so we try to only recognise those words and and because we ca n't really say user to say same wording", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and how to handle universal capability and speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "we 're now going to l have the lunch break . <laugh> then we will work again for thirty minutes individual work , and um <other> we will uh meet again for the next meeting , and uh in this one want to to be more focused on the individual actions the umon the components you will focus on the component concept um uh of course the u _ i _ d _ mark will be uh focused on the user interface concept and uh our m market expert sammy benjo uh on the trend watching . of course like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal personal coach . and we have um maybe we have towe say , only for t _ v _ , not teletext ? uh i think automatic on off control uh it 's not possible . but speech recogniser can be possible . uh , should it be equipped with the uh , with uh speakers ? like , you want to find it , you shout and it answers is i 'm here ? or but that 's ex that 's expensive . uh . just beeps ? i i heard of devices where you just uh whistle them because of the the frequency they they just answer to that . you can clap . can you ? but it 's a good feature i guess yeah", "summary": "abstract: after the project manager 's closing , the project manager recapped some decisions and the team discussed how to handle the issue of locating a remote when misplaced ."}
{"dialogue": "you will focus on the component concept um", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will focus on the components concept ."}
{"dialogue": "uh of course the u _ i _ d _ mark will be uh focused on the user interface concept", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will focus on the user interface concept ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh our m market expert sammy benjo uh on the trend watching .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will work on trend watching"}
{"dialogue": "i have been told that we uh do n't consider teletext , that it 's out of date now because of internet . and we have um maybe we have towe say , only for t _ v _ , not teletext ?", "summary": "decisions: the team will not work with teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "since we were targeting a really soon uh uh date for the the the um i issuing of this uh remote control i think we will only concentrate on t _ v _ for the moment and then maybe m make it more generalisedyeah . and we have um maybe we have towe say , only for t _ v _ , not teletext ?", "summary": "decisions: the team will concentrate on making a remote only for televisions and then make their product more generalized later ."}
{"dialogue": "even automatic on off is also a bit problematic , uh i think automatic on off control uh it 's not possible .", "summary": "decisions: an automatic on / off feature will not be used ."}
{"dialogue": "but i like we talk about um universal uh remote control . i think we will only concentrate on t _ v _ for the moment and then maybe m make it more generalisedyeah .", "summary": "problems: making the remote universal ."}
{"dialogue": "you know these days we have hundreds of channels , for instance if i want to go todirectly to channel twenty five , how would i docan i do that with this ? basically you use just four or five channels , one thing is that as i said in my presentation people really do like to z zap . so even if they are only watching four or five channels , i think they want to zap out of the one hundred channels ,", "summary": "problems: users habits in jumping from channel to channel ."}
{"dialogue": "we can have another , like uh s simple speech recogniser on our d _ s _ b _ chip . you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , yeah . because we have only very few words like like power , switch on or some like the user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume or or it will be something like volume , up , down . so we try to only recognise those words and and because we ca n't really say user to say same wording", "summary": "problems: how speech recognition commands work ."}
{"dialogue": "think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them , so in in a given room there might be more than one remote control . we would uh have each one and uh with our own personal uh settings .", "summary": "problems: allowing users in the same household to have their own remotes with personal settings ."}
{"dialogue": "like , you want to find it , you shout and it answers is i 'm here ? or but that 's ex that 's expensive . uh . just beeps ? i i heard of devices where you just uh whistle them because of the the frequency they they just answer to that . you can clap . can you ?", "summary": "problems: how to locate a remote when misplaced ."}
