{"dialogue": "so , we are asked to to make uh uh a new remote control for television . and the characteristics of this new remote control should be original and trendy and of course user user friendly . so people cancan use it without any any problem .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the project to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh b did you send us an email about this ? do you want do you want me to send you a mail ? or you can put it in the shared folder . you get email , . <laugh> yeah , from the account manager . i think it 's for your guys to <other> how to design it all the aspects so you need that information . yeah , so each of us has a role to do . we already have our role . so there are three kinds of designs , that 's all . we have functional design , conceptual design , and detail design . i think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when wein our mail we received from the account manager . so , who will be the the responsible for the functional design ?", "summary": "abstract: the group set an agenda for the meeting and discussed the materials sent to them by the account manager ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm doing the interface . <laugh> i 'm doing the interface . it was a little confusion about my uh okay , i 'll for industrial design . and and younorman ? uh , i 'm into marketing . um working on i . <laugh> user interface . <laugh> a design is basically for industrial design and the user interface . see there 's a role for everybody .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed and explained their roles in the project ."}
{"dialogue": "well , i think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done and what are your ideas about the about the design or well , w we want to have a new re remote control for for t _ v _ distribution i guess . i mean working remotes we already have . this will be something different from the other remotesremote controls . what we we have to keep in mind thethese characteristics . and of course it should not be very costly . <other> well i i think that norman and i would think about um the technical points and um we should discuss it in the next meeting , or what is the most important function aspect ? yeah , it should be easy to work with .", "summary": "abstract: the group began a discussion about their initial ideas for the product ."}
{"dialogue": "uh . wemaybe you can have a speech uh recognition interface . you just tell the television i wantwhich channel . or or you can say for example , um <other> i want uh to list all the programme tonight . just say maybe i just want to pressi wan na have a button for all the movies tonight . so instead of pressing the channel number , i am choosing the programmes directly . i i think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly . like s uh you you you say we can use speech . the <other> the idea of using speech to reduce the button , but uh and it 's more natural . yeah . i mean the main uh function of remote control is to have something in the hand and we should be very careful about the size of the remote control . if we are going to add a speech interface , i 'm not sure withtrendy slim size of the remote control it would be able to put a speech recog if you want to put a speech recognition system f interface for that i think the t _ v _ itself could have it . and i could talk to the t _ v _ television itself . but th the main idea i wanted to s i wanted to say is that um <other> there should be a function , instead of choosing the ch t _ v _ channel , there 's a option you can choose , either t _ v _ channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme . yeah , yeah it 's it 's a good idea it 's a good idea but i i think that technically it would be um a little bit uh uh more tricky to to achieve this than just to because you see now all the t _ v _ programmes are available on the webs . we just want to retrieve the content so we can just use the service available . and then there'sthere are only six buttons for six categories , or sev seven . the most there are only seven buttons . so i just choose the category one and you reuse the same button , for example to to choose among the the sorted list the programme you want , well i i i i think that j just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to uh navigate uh through thewell channel programme or contents orin an easy way , so yeah , so you do n't have to display here , just display on the t _ v _ screen , right ? because all the t _ v _ uh the the remote control have all numbers , lots of buttons and just uh with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f i think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff and another interesting idea for this would be to have an light adaptation system depending upon the picture of so , i mean , if you 're watching a movie and suddenly there is a dark uh <other> some dark scene , the lights adapt themself . the lighting in the room changes . yeah , but we are designing just remote control . i mean , we have a option in the remote control . if we want to have that option , you press that button in the remote . okay , do you want to have a conceptual remote control there , or you just want to put the function in ? the most important function is to ch choo buttons to choose the content . right ? uh , uh first one is to uh <other> buttons i or it could be anything withbuttons . uh to choose uh content s or channels . and uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents . so technically howthe problems thathow to do it is tohow to get the content . i think i it 's not very difficult to to browse by channel", "summary": "abstract: they discussed several usability features: adding speech recognition and an option to choose what to watch by channel or by content , reducing the number of buttons by using the television screen to display options , and adding a light adaptation system ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh to uh reflect about it and uh discuss it in the next meeting . we will get some information in the next meeting , we willget information so maybe we 'll meet in maybe five minutes ? and we 'll discuss the other other aspects . i think that 's thethe things to do", "summary": "abstract: all participants were instructed to gather more information for the next meeting , the functional design meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "we willget information and then we 'll come back in . i think that 's thethe things to do and uh to uh reflect about it and uh discuss it in the next meeting .", "summary": "action: all participants were instructed to gather information for the functional design meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "but th the main idea i wanted to s i wanted to say is that um <other> there should be a function , instead of choosing the ch t _ v _ channel , there 's a option you can choose , either t _ v _ channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme . yeah , yeah it 's it 's a good idea it 's a good idea uh , uh first one is to uh <other> buttons i or it could be anything withbuttons . uh to choose uh content s or channels .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to include an option for the user to choose what to watch by channel or by content or program type ."}
{"dialogue": "b did you send us an email about this ? do you want do you want me to send you a mail ? or you can put it in the shared folder . you get email , . <laugh> yeah , from the account manager . i think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when wein our mail we received from the account manager . so , who will be the the responsible for the functional design ? i 'm doing the interface . <laugh> i 'm doing the interface . it was a little confusion about my uh okay , i 'll for industrial design . and and younorman ? see there 's a role for everybody .", "summary": "problems: the project agenda and the participant roles were not clear to all participants at the beginning of the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "uh . wemaybe you can have a speech uh recognition interface . i i think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly . like s uh you you you say we can use speech . the <other> the idea of using speech to reduce the button , but uh and it 's more natural . yeah . if we are going to add a speech interface , i 'm not sure withtrendy slim size of the remote control it would be able to put a speech recog and i could talk to the t _ v _ television itself . if you want to put a speech recognition system f interface for that i think the t _ v _ itself could have it .", "summary": "problems: the group could not decide if they wanted to include speech recognition in the design ."}
