{"dialogue": "management come with the new proposal , and i have to discuss a few points on this . uh both says new insights in the aim of your project . uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded , okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology . we do n't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design . and the second one is about uh the remote control . should be used only for the t _ v _ . and the third point , it 's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image , okay , with this new project or new product .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager gave new requirements for the product: the remote will not include a teletext function , will only be used for television , and must show the corporate image ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'll invite uh christine to discuss about uh the functional design . i i figured uh we should um identify some user requirements , and from my experience , i wan na uh , and from <other> research i did , uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button , because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them . since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product , thought we better look at things that are popular and um ex go beyond those , um <other> and then uh we might wan na talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction , especially in the the uh the outside of the product i did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls all these devices are examples of where uh mmthey <other> represent examples that are available today <laugh> <laugh> which i think the one in the middle is r um really uh something to keep in mind . you could throw it at things if if the t _ v _ did n't turn on and off , you could use it for something else . but um <other> i just <other> took some <other> different uh schematics and i guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board . personal preferences , <laugh> um uh i i 'm really thinking outside the box here , and i think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh <other> a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference . so something that 's very very flexible and inflatable i think um it could either beyou could go either one extreme , be very colourful , or you could make it clear , and um kind of blend in with things , um i think uh it needs to be waterproof , because uh sometimes they fall into cups one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it 's done its job or not , because half the time , i keep pushing on the remote control , and i do n't know if it 's actually understood my message , so i think it should give you some sort of an oral cue . and uh , course i never wan na replace the battery . nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is , so um", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer presentedpossible components to consider ."}
{"dialogue": "if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . because uh especially today , you know , you have the family and the kids , and the kids throw it if you can add the feature , okay , for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay , with unbreakable , i think that will give a lot of advantage for our product , do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials ? 'cause , for example , in the unbreakable thing , doing something plastic would be harder , whereas having something like , i dunno , steel or titanium is n't really economically viable . <laugh> titanium would be <laugh> be heavy , too , umi wanted feedback , but we 'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts . <other> i like titanium . expensive . it 'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though <laugh> .", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed hard materials to include in the design ."}
{"dialogue": "from the marketingyeah , from the marketing side , just to to give an idea what the management is looking for , i was looking for a a remote control to have a s i have a sales price of twenty-five euro , with a production price of uh twelve and a half euro . for what uh i think from what we 're trying to find , we 're tr we 're looking for , i do n't think that price is exactly in the market . in the recent surveys , uh from the agesfr from fifteen to thirty-five , eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy . twenty-five euros , uh that 's that 's a preson reasonable price . now if we 're gon na take a risk , and push this up a bit , make it more expensive , then it w it could possibly sell . but , i think uh there 's one other thing interestingtwo things that are interesting is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group , which always spends more money on trendy new things , speech recognition is requested . and we 're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote . obviously , we ca n't make a remote into a computer , but maybe simple commands . louder , softer , on , off . thirty-five percent say they 're too difficult to use . so we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly . <other> uh fifty percent say they ca n't find the remote half the time . <laugh> so maybe one word speech recognition commands , say remote , and there 's a beep beep beep , but , in the cost that uh the management is looking for , that 's not gon na be possible . but if it 's trendy , if it 's fancy , it 's got some colour to it , if it 's very easyeasy to use , if it 's got simple remotespeech remote uh control , like i said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , so we 're gon na have to look at it in a <other> in this global idea , with the ideas of the industrial uh design . but , price obviously we have to talk about . what do you think about uh the design , uh what he was talking aboutof the speech recognition ? training is always an issue with uh commands . uhwe can perhaps um <other> do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process , <other> but um anyway , um <other> i i think also that uh this might impact the battery life . maybe what we 'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly or maybe uh set it out in the sun and it uh , you know , gets uh , from the light , um a a solar cell inside there it seems also like with the speech recognition , yeah , it 's a great feature , but if you 're watching t _ v _ , there 's a lot of ambient sound , so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the t _ v _ speech , and the the user 's speech . because tha w <other> with speech recognition uh th i 'm not that good at that idea because i think s with speech recognition , if uh the the remote or like the telephone <other> it has a exact word that it has to hear . i do n't think it would come through a sentence in a television .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented an initial sales plan and showed that there is a demand for remotes featuring voice recognition and other capabilities ; the group discussed how it could be integrated into the functional design ."}
{"dialogue": "what i can uh suggest to you , christine , uh if you need some uhthe technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , i can recommend you some companies like uh intel or i _ b _ m _ , because they 're already in this uh speech recognition part , and uh if you want , i can coordinate , okay , to get some information , and uh you can uh let me know , okay , so what kind of uh the details you require okay , to add this feature in this project . we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop , apart from uh whattoday .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager offered to help the industrial designer find companies to provide help in integrating this component ."}
{"dialogue": "from from your side uh , you 're gon na have to go back the management and s be more s precise . what do they want ? uh <other> , a risk , take a risk on the market ? something that 's gon na cost more , but could very easily s make a boom in the market ? because it has to be something totally different , but end of the day , you 're the sales guy , it 's uh of course it 's uh good to uh tell the management how much it 's cost us i do n't mind to convince , okay , the management to spend some more money on the project , okay , if you can make out of the management says , okay , so they they do n't want certain facilities , they want something uh new , i think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , and uh i hope i can convince the management on that ,", "summary": "abstract: the designers expressed that they needed more information from the board on their expectations for the product ."}
{"dialogue": "the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people do n't like about existing products . so , in our case , existing remote controls . we seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad , but when you look , technically , at how it works , sometimes that 's not the case . then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep , um and then what the remote control should look like , in terms of the functionalities that we need , you obviously need to be able to turn the t _ v _ on and off . you need to change channels , both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing . you need to be able to control the volume and then control any menus on the t _ v _ to regulate contrast or whatever . the problems that people have expressed is that there 's too many buttons on remote controls , in general . the buttonsit 's not clear what they 're supposed to do . um often , you need to know specific button sequences <other> to get certain functionalities done , um which you do n't necessarily always remember , especially if it 's a functionality that you do n't use very often . here we 've got two examples where here on the left-hand side , you can see a remote control that has lots and lots of buttons . the buttons , in a lot of cases , are tiny . they 're labelled , but the labels do n't necessarily tell you too much . whereas , on the other side , you have a much simpler remote control that i think basically has the minimum functionalities <other> that are needed . and it sort of looks simpler and just less imposing when you first look at it . so , i would be inclined to go sort of towards this , in terms of design , rather than this . and if there 's specific functionalities that require more buttons , then we can figure out how to do it with existing um buttons . so my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit , or to a minimum , make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed , so like the on button being really obvious one , the channel changing and the volume , and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . clearly your research and uhand ours uh heading in the same direction , the only thing that i saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it . i also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh , when you hold it , is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design 'cause those are the parameters that an industrial designer 's more thinking about , th th the look and the feel , that 's definitely a very important factor , especially to users who are gon na be buying the thing and then using it almost on andaily basis in a lot of cases , i think . for anybody need uh any help , for time being , on this uh subjects , okay , so please come back to me , and uh christine , maybe i can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies to help you for uh make a design uh slim , and to add some features , like we are talking about , the speech recognition and all .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer gave a presentation on product design from the user 's perspective and emphasized simplicity in design ."}
{"dialogue": "should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 'cause we 've thrown a lot of features onto the table , do we actually want to incorporate all of them , or have we missed anything ? do you wan na go back and look at the closing slide , maybe that would provide some guidance ? i think we should <other> do as many features as uhstart with all of them right now i was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we 're just gon na end up throwing away ? i mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we 're not gon na use , maybe it 's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , i think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 'cause w our meeting time has run out .", "summary": "abstract: she also suggested that the group make a decision on which features to include in the final product design , but the group decided to postpone it ."}
{"dialogue": "it says individual actions , um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach . and you 're supposed to keep watching the trends . supposed to work on the user interface concept , so i 'm supposed to do the components concept , and eliminate them later in the process ,", "summary": "abstract: the designers were given their assignments: the marketing expert will present the marketing concept ; the user interface designer , the user interface concept ; the industrial designer , the components concept ."}
{"dialogue": "so i 'm supposed to do the components concept ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will make a presentation on the components concept for the product ."}
{"dialogue": "supposed to work on the user interface concept ,", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will make a presentation on the user interface concept ."}
{"dialogue": "and you 're supposed to keep watching the trends .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will present the marketing concept ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh if you want , i can coordinate , okay , to get some information , uh if you need some uhthe technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , i can recommend you some companies like uh intel or i _ b _ m _ ,", "summary": "action: the project manager will research companies that can provide the industrial designer with help on integrating voice recognition into her design ."}
{"dialogue": "and eliminate them later in the process , i think we should <other> do as many features as uhstart with all of them right now i think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 'cause w our meeting time has run out .", "summary": "decisions: the group will discuss which features to include in and eliminate from the final design of the product at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "and it will be slim , 'cause , for example , in the unbreakable thing , doing something plastic would be harder , if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . if it 's got simple remotespeech remote uh control , like i said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , i can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . so maybe one word speech recognition commands , say remote , and there 's a beep beep beep ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a slim shape and a simple interface , include a locator function and voice recognition , and be made of a hard material ."}
{"dialogue": "should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , i think we should <other> do as many features as uhstart with all of them right now and eliminate them later in the process , do we actually want to incorporate all of them , or have we missed anything ? i was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we 're just gon na end up throwing away ? i mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we 're not gon na use , maybe it 's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , i think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting ,", "summary": "problems: the group was not sure whether to proceed in the design process with all of the desired functions and eliminate them later , or to eliminate some features before creating the design concept ."}
{"dialogue": "from from your side uh , you 're gon na have to go back the management and s be more s precise . what do they want ? the management says , okay , so they they do n't want certain facilities , i think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , and uh i hope i can convince the management on that ,", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of sufficient information from the board on their expectations for the design of the remote , whether they expected a simple device or a more costly one with many features ."}
