{"dialogue": "we were looking he specifically at the components uhthe following components , uh the case , the power supply , uh the means of communications with the television set . in instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition , you have to have microphone well no you do n't actually i haven'thave to have microphone in the device , it has to it has to hear the speaker so it could be in the television set , could be in the device , and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it 's gets lost . our method for going about this is we 've looked at uh the histo hi historical record , what 's worked , what has n't and then we also umwe wanted to evaluate some new materials and we contacted manufacturing for their input because , course , we m might <other> come up and choose the material that then manufacturing did n't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us , so um for the case , um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design . course , you know , i wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable , but um that uh does n't seem to b be one of the choic non-option we can uhwe can really seriously explore , <other> so then we were thinking about um rubber , but um unfortunately that 's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor and th um there might be some <other> problems with the m uh how it 's <other> uh goes with the board . <other> uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it 's brittleit gets brittle after a while , so um we still had titanium and and wood available , but um unfortunately uh uh titanium 's also been eliminated uh , the m people in manufacturing said that you could n't make d curved cases out of titanium , so then there 's this other matter of the chips and um well we could use a simple design on the board , uh these simple chips , but that 's only works for the bu you do n't get very much um intelligence with this simple one . and um then there was the regular which <other> i regret that i 've forgotten exactly why i 'm eliminating that one . uh the other option was this advanced chip on print , we found that it it includes this infrared sender , which w 'member the beam wasthat was an important component of finding the right chip . and uh manufacturing has told us that they 've um uh recently developed a uh a sensor and a speaker that would uh be integrated into this advanced chip on print , now jumping right to our personal preferences and then i uh think we should go with the solar cells as well as the um microphone and speaker on the advanced chip . question , uh , what 's mean exactly , advanced chip on print ? i think it 's um um a multiple uh chip design um <other> and it 's uh maybe printed on to the circuit board . but i 'll find out more at our next meeting .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gave her components concept presentation , which presented the components that will be used and how they will be integrated into the functional design ."}
{"dialogue": "nevertheless um they 've eliminated all of our options except wood . um i i 'd really think we should , you know , use some of uh some really exotic woods , like um , you know uh , well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods . i think that people will might really want to design their own cases , and then they could submit their orders , kinda like you submit a custom car order , you know , and my recommendations um for the new remote control w um would be to have um have it be made out of wood . why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material ? because um it gets brittle , cracks we expect these um <other> uh these remote controls to be around for several hundred years . i think with wood though you 'd run into the same types of problems , i mean it chips , it if you drop it , soso you 're not convinced about the the wood , yes . i think <other> if you re if you use really good quality wood , then it might work , the o the only w the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard , extremely hard wood , well , it 's actually a very innovative n different idea that uh you know you can choose your colour of wood , your type of wood . one thing we 'd have to check though is what the userswhetherhow quickly the novelty wears off of having uh <other> you would n't wan na have to have splinters in your hand while you 're using your have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that ,", "summary": "abstract: she announced that their only choice for casing material was wood , so she suggested an idea of having customizable wood cases ."}
{"dialogue": "so , it 's a very short presentation , 'cause i 'm actually gon na draw you the layout on the board i took the ideas that we were talking about last time um and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that y you can actually see on it are the on off switch , volume and channel control , the menu access button , ergonomic shape , which i completely agree with christine 's idea to have it sort of molded , so it 's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the r standard very straight remote controls . and actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customising idea , is that people can actually do sort of quasi-measurements on their hand size , so if someone has larger hands , you have a wider remote control . <other> so , that 's actually a really good idea for customi customisability . um , one thing i thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it , just like you have on flip phones , so that you do n't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it , especially if you have little kids around , they 're not pressing the buttons while you 're trying to watch a t _ v _ show and accidentally change the channel or turn it off . and also <other> um you had issues with the batteries running out , so i thought maybe we could put a little battery life-light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery isstarts to die . and in terms of invisible features , audio and um tactile feedback on button presses and , like you said , speech recognition . you 'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big , sort of in the corner and by itself , so you do n't accidentally turn your t _ v _ off while you 're trying to manoeuvre other buttons . and then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for , oops , channels and volume , sort of for surfing channels and then volume , so the volume would be the up and down , 'cause volume goes up and down and then channels left to right . and then here you 'd have your sort of standard , telephonish number pad . and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control . um , so again you can have a little l _ c _ d _ light somewhere , the flip <other> thing and so , as you can see , it 's a very very simple design , which is one of the things i really wanted to keep , is keep it simple , not have too many buttons , not have too many functionalities thrown into it . although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different . be like a copper hinge or you know . but you also have to d start watching out for the weight , 'cause depending on how much the the flip screen will add to the weight of the remote control , you do n't want it to start getting too heavy . as you can see , there 's still lots of space on the actual remote control and if you do it customisably , <other> you can make this thing fairly small or fairly o large , depending on personal preferences . um the centering of the key pad and <other> the channel is just depending on where your thumb is and you tend to use the the volume control and uh the browsing more than the actual number pad , so that would be sort of in direct line of where your thumb goes when you are holding the remote control , the number pad a little bit lower 'cause it 's used less frequently . so once we decide exactly what we want , then we can figure out the exact positioning ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer gave her presentation on the user interface concept for the product , and gave a basic layout of the remote 's key functions ."}
{"dialogue": "i also have a f <other> very simple presentation , because for the marketing point you have to see what the consumers want . <other> i also have uh copied a different type of remote . <other> we 've been giving simple <other> questionnaires in different areas because thobviously we have to see what the com consumers are looking for today , 'cause uh trends change very very quickly . looking for next generation of innovation , fancy and feel-good , that 's what we 've been looking for , something that feels good in the hand , that 's easy to use . easy to use , has always has becomehas become another major interest that uh , and i think this is another thing that 's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology . the second two , you can see the last one is a very easy simple design . <other> the second one , there is about uh forty-five thousand different buttons on it , which makes it fairly hard to read , uh very hard to use . the first one , i see <other> that they put in a display . now there 's something else uh with the little flip-up , now we 're adding all kinds of things in , but with the little flip-up , if you have a little display on the flip-up that when you close it everything is locked . maybe the display also makes it easier to use , so maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use , trendy , fancy , feels good , <laugh> uh with a display , wood , designer wood , designer colours context-sensitive instructions , depending on what the tel what mode the t _ v _ or the d _ v _ d _ or something else is in . especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented the marketing concept and discussed including a display to facilitate use ."}
{"dialogue": "you know , maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like um <other> a uh <other> uh b some sort of a foam rubber um ball , and then they would squeeze it , and it would take the shape of their hand . but th for that you 'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that ifunless everyone has their own personal remote . well , already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick . it was uh nokia that came out with this changeable colours . right , you take it apart , and put on another face , take it off and put on another face and then they sold millions , millions . we 'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gon na get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes , we might wan na um learn about um <other> labour laws . you know in different countries and stuff wher so we can do it cheap , but you do n't wan na exploit uh labour in um third world countries . so actually you could turn it y turn around and say that you 're uh par the reason the cost is high for the device is because um you 're paying a a working wage to the person who made the device . yeah , but we can get a production in , uh <other> , countries like , uh , india we 're here to design , come up with a nice product . <other> but uh that that we can that we can talk about the production later , okay , depends on the the quantity , okay . so we do n't need to have our own uh fabric factory or something , but uh le let 's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept , okay ,", "summary": "abstract: the group discussed the unique , custom design of the remote , and quickly talked about finding a manufacturer that could make the custom cases cheaply that still paid fair wages ."}
{"dialogue": "and your design <other> whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple , so i mean i think it 's a good idea , but we need to really think about how useful it 's gon na be so , if we 're trying to keep costs down , then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go . because theoretically with the t _ v _ you already have a big display <other> right in front of you . i mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for do you know how much it costs , um , to to add a little display like this uh ? do you wan na take an action item to go find out ? once we get a price on it then we can market it . what we 'll do is , uh , we will stick with the the simple design for time being until uh th ed find outs about the how much it 's cost to the extra , in case we go for the display .", "summary": "abstract: the group also discussed whether or not to incorporate the display into the design , and decided to wait until the cost of adding that feature was known before adding it to the design ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe what you can do is uh , both of you , you can come up with the the prototype , okay , the model . then meantime you can come up with the price , how much it 's cost as extra for uh the display . an and the marketing strategy , that 's very important , okay . so , by next meeting , so , please come up with the the prototype , okay , then uh , then we can proceed from there .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer and the user interface designer were instructed to begin building a prototype , and the marketing expert was instructed to work on the marketing strategy as well as research the cost of the display component ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe what you can do is uh , both of you , you can come up with the the prototype , okay , the model . so , by next meeting , so , please come up with the the prototype , okay ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and the user interface designer will design the prototype of the remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "do you wan na take an action item to go find out ? once we get a price on it then we can market it . then meantime you can come up with the price , how much it 's cost as extra for uh the display . an and the marketing strategy , that 's very important , okay .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will find out how much the display component costs and will present his marketing strategy at the next meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "but uh le let 's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept , okay , a customisable and and um i think we 've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case . so the <other> the advanced chip on print is what um what we 've <other> we 've deci we 've determined", "summary": "decisions: the group decided on the features that will be included in the final design of the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "i think that people will might really want to design their own cases , you know uh , well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods . and then they could submit their orders , kinda like you submit a custom car order , you know , well , already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick . so the <other> the advanced chip on print is what um what we 've <other> we 've deci we 've determined and um i think we 've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case . a customisable and i think they could be rubber like they are now , what about the buttons , wouldwould the buttons be wood too , or", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have customized wood casing and ergonomic sizing , voice recognition , a locator function , rubber buttons in a simple arrangement , an advanced chip , and a battery life indicator ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean i think it 's a good idea , so , if we 're trying to keep costs down , then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go . but we need to really think about how useful it 's gon na be i mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for do you wan na take an action item to go find out ? once we get a price on it then we can market it .", "summary": "decisions: the group discussed including a display on the remote , but the prototype will be designed without a display until the marketing expert finds out how much it would cost to add it ."}
{"dialogue": "we 'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gon na get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes , yeah , but we can get a production in , uh <other> , countries like , uh , india but you do n't wan na exploit uh labour in um third world countries .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided to contact another company to manufacture the product that could do it cheaply yet still paid fair wages ."}
{"dialogue": "why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material ? <other> so then we were thinking about um rubber , but um unfortunately that 's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor <other> uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it 's brittleit gets brittle after a while , but um unfortunately uh uh titanium 's also been eliminated uh , nevertheless um they 've eliminated all of our options except wood .", "summary": "problems: the number of options for the material used for the casing was restricted ; the group was left with one material that could be used for the product ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for do you know how much it costs , um , to to add a little display like this uh ? do you wan na take an action item to go find out ?", "summary": "problems: there was a lack of information on how much certain components would cost ."}
