{"dialogue": "okay this is uh the working design , whatthe first thingquestion i asked was what are we trying to design ? well , a device which basically just sends the signal to the t _ v _ to change its state , whether that be the power , or the channel um or the volume , everything is just um some sort of signal to change the state of the t _ v _ or other appliance that it 's sending the signal to . um , so i decided i 'd have a look at what th other people have designed and try and take some inspiration from that . but uh although we will want to be taking ideas from other people , we wan na make sure that our design stands out", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gave his presentation on the basic functions of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "um and uh <cough> i found out that most uh controls use some form of infrared to send signals to the t _ v _ presumably because of the cost issue of uh something like uh the same thing that computers use , wireless um , most of them are powered by some form of battery . now our one , i 'm i 'm not sure whether we want to look at the size issue because most of them are powered by triple a _ batteries but those can be quite bulky so i d i did n't know if you wanted to look at something else um so we could shrink down the size of the control . you 're saying the triple a _ batteries are small or thesurrounding it ? if you if you look at if you look at most remote controls they 're quite they 're quite chunky and that 's because of the size of the batteries , the triple a _ s are the smallest you can get are they not , right ? well you can you can get the sort of circular round ones um , now the ones at the moment are small but i was just wondering if we could look at something a bit smaller . and then you obviously need something to decode the information that you 're putting in from from the controller now these have a wireless range of up to about five metres we 've just got the the power going to the infrared bulb with the chip and the <other> uh u _ i _ interface um which would basically , when you when you pressed anything it wouldthe chip would convert it into some form of i _ r _ data which could be decoded by the t _ v _ receiver , which obviously means that we 're gon na have to conform to <other> whatever um whatever form of communication that the t _ v _ s are already using so all the components that i 've put forward are uh low in cost um it should should be different enough um from the alternative products to get a good consumer base , because they 're small they 're also easy to lose so if we could look into some way ofd dunno some anti-going down the side of the sofa <laugh> thing that you could have ,", "summary": "abstract: he presented the basic components that remotes share and suggested that smaller batteries be considered in the product design ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah . actually mm some of my points might overlap with what william 's just mention , but basically my method was like uh whatever brainstorming we did in the last meeting , just a couple of valuable points and started developing on that and there might be some missing loops in this thing which i think we 'll uh take a feedback from the marketing and to summarise i i would say it'sit should be user-friendly by being easy to use , rather than having a lot of complex button because you can have an engineeringmaybe having hundred buttons and maybe having uh a remote control which has the main features like volume control or channel ch changing the channel or whatever . so what the concept is to have a flip-top model . the main functions such as which are like often used will be on the top and the complex functions which say youyou can say like the y young generation or trendy generation want to pr say programme their favourite channels or whatever , can be put in the middle part of the f flip-top . and we can punch in new f features such as uhadded features such as shock proof body because there are times like uh people have used a remote control for say a year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production so we can give inadd in more features and make it less costly . if you ask me personally , i would make uh flip-top with a trendy uh uh design because they are times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after uh continuous useusage and all that . and s maybe we we should look at also like the buttons whe whether they are like soft or little hard", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented his ideas for making the remote easy-to-use ; he discussed using a simple design and hiding complicated features from the main interface ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view we used our our usability lab , the company 's usability lab , we did our usual selection methods to get a cross-section of the general public , all age groups from fifteen upwards and um we observed them in the lab , <other> our findings , lots of findings , i 've just summarised some of them here . the overall thing which i 've i 've got at the top there in italics is that users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls , um , we found that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly . eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy , but um that 's quite a high proportion of our our , you know , international target group are prepared to spend more money for something that 's a bit nicer looking . um , current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user overall . for example , you can see below there , seventy five percent of users zap a lot , <other> um , fifty percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons , um and possibly we can also cut back on cost if we do n't have so many functions actually on the remote control . um the biggest frustrations that people found with regard to personal preferences were um something that you you mentioned earlier , uh remote controls are often lost in the room , fifty percent were were particularly frustrated by that . uh thirty four percent of people takesaid they take too much time to learn to use um , um slightly more than a quarter of people said it was bad for uh repetitive strain injury . um the vast majority of the thirty five and under age group would like um a liquid crystal display and speech recognition , again that was to aid i think in uhwhen they 've lost the actual remote control , some kind of speech recognition . something we did n't put to them , but which i 'm thinking of now is um even if perhaps the lost control can give off a bleep every now and again til you find it or a flashing light , possibly . so thirty fives and unders who would like those two features , that kind of evens out thirty five to forty five and in the older age group it kind of reverses , if there 's any more information i can email you extra details ,", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presented the findings from a lab study on user requirements for a remote control device , and discussed users ' demand for a simple interface and advanced technology ."}
{"dialogue": "we have new project requirements , um we 're not going to be using teletext , our control is only going to be for t _ v _ , it 's not going to be a combined control , i think maybe sky things like that might be incorporated into it , but <other> i do n't know , what do you think ? would that imply video use ? but i mean , general t _ v _ controls do do video as well . i think we assume that it 's still got play and stop functions and <other> programming . ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it 'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing um <other> the third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into the handset . um so we want logo , we want um fashionable , trendy ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager presented the new requirements that the remote not include a teletext function , that it be used only to control television , and that it include the company image in its design ."}
{"dialogue": "further market research will be needed to kind of focus on what that is , it 's gon na be different for a fifteen year old th for somebody who 's sixty and also across the world if we 're aiming at the international market . i 'm thinking kind of japan , i 'm thinking uh young , um office people ,", "summary": "abstract: the group narrowed down their target marketing group to the youth market ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so the remote control functions . um we 've got the t _ v _ , we 've got the video , now there 's um i ca n't remember what it 's called , the little code at the end of programme details , video plus . we could use that as an alternative to programming in times , things like that , and you would n't you would n't need uh a whole host of extra buttons for that , i 've not come across that function if you look in the newspaper , t _ v _ guide or any t _ v _ guide there 's a five , six digit number afterwards i 'm not sure if we need a design um decision now , um , what other functions ? oh batteries , that 's what i was thinking about . mobile phone batteries , what kinda battery is that ? th the thing that you get with mobile house phones , you sit it in its charger when you 're not using it or t at night or something , um , something like that should reduce the size of it . yeah if you if you had if you had one of thoseuh just coming back to your other point about pressing the button and setting off the bleeper in the room that could uh so are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote ? rechargeable with a docking station . and we 've talked about um there being an alarm or something , a beeping for being lost , um .", "summary": "abstract: they discussed the functions the remote will have , including video plus capability and rechargeable batteries ."}
{"dialogue": "but just discussing the different age groups and targeting the different age groups it occurs to me , to produce our own mobile phones , that that 's kind of what led us on to comparing t _ v _ remote controls with with their design features , um , chain companies like carphone warehouse , you can pop in anytime with a phone that you bought for them w if you 've got any problems with it and they 'll fix it , is it worthwhile with with our retail outlets having a a similar um kind of service so that if older users were deterred from buying this , if they know they can just pop into one of our high street outlets , th you know , which button is it i press for this ? th as free as a free aspect of our service , would that not make it more attractive to them ? but the only problem is that with a mobile phone you signed for a contract but i i 'm not sure how much the cost would be of having i mean instru instruction books i feel c i reckon can cover that . instruction manuals . there will be a customer service number thing that you can phone up and speak to for a phone maybe he might walk down the street , but for a remote he will just refer to the manual and all that . but we should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible", "summary": "abstract: a customer service plan was suggested to make the remote seem more user-friendly , but it was decided that helpful manuals were more within the budget ."}
{"dialogue": "um , th the shape you got trendy . i mean so many remote controls look absolutely identical , what i was thinking of a design which nokia h uh came up with almost six or seven years back . so they came up with something like this , curled up , so here , so it 's like uh you can say a banana shape kind of thing , curled up like a boat . i would n't say exactly semi-circular but yeah smooth . i mean for example , if it was a c _ or something like that , you could have it in a vague c _ shape that opens up kind of like a shell , or something , you know even though we 're using plastic , you can stilli mean think of the designs you can get in plastic , you could have different kind of casings . so you could have like psychedelic ones for younger people and sleek ones and and people might want to put it on their mantelpiece or whatever as a ki if it looks attractive enough as a kind of ornament yeah maybe we could come at some say five , six des designs", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed the shell-like shape of the remote and including several different casing options to buyers ."}
{"dialogue": "and theithe instruction manual , i do n't know if we deal with that , um . what would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting ?", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will research consumers ' opinions on instruction manuals ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we have to design one product th the internal d engineering design has got to remain the same , yes , absolutely .", "summary": "decisions: it was decided that the group will produce one product design instead of creating alternate designs in an attempt to accomodate different users ' preferences ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm thinking uh young , um office people , i 'm thinking kind of japan ,", "summary": "decisions: the marketing will be focused towards a young , business-class buyer ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean for example , if it was a c _ or something like that , you could have it in a vague c _ shape that opens up kind of like a shell , or something , i think that 's <other> that sounds a really attractive idea , um something about videoplus . video plus .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature video plus capabilities and a seashell-like shape to accomodate the lcd display and the flip screen ."}
{"dialogue": "mm , and the rechargeable batteries . rechargeable with a docking station . so are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote ? you could have different kind of casings . so you could have like psychedelic ones for younger people and sleek ones and but we should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible but for a remote he will just refer to the manual and all that .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be bundled with a docking station to recharge the remote 's batteries and a user-friendly instruction manual , and multiple casings will be made available ."}
{"dialogue": "ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it 'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing we do have a budget limitation that we ca n't control ourselves , so i think when we can take a cheaper option which still does the same kinda thing yeah but um on on that again i just thought'cause you can get those key chains now and you whistle and then it 'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is", "summary": "problems: the limitations of the budget will restrict the development of some features ; several of the features that the group wanted to include may have to be made simpler to decrease cost ."}
