{"dialogue": "okay , let 's talk about uh maybe first uh for the prototype . i 've done a presentation , but it pretty much covers work that we 've both done , so if i 'm missing anything , christine can just correct me . fromwhen we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting , we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape , so in terms of function , you have to be able to turn the t _ v _ on and off , volume and channel control , menu control , voice recognition control , the yellow button you have is the on off button , so it 's really big , hard to miss . you have the the red um triangles are the toggles for changing the volume . the green are the channel changing . and then you have the numeric pad in the dark blue at the bottom , and on the right-hand side you have the access to the menu on the t _ v _ , and on the left-hand side you have the the the ability to turn off the voice recognition . the material that we chose was wood , and uh the colour would be customisable , 'cause you can stain the wood whatever colour . we have n't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed . that depends on the uh s design of the circuit board inside and uh what room is left um i think the microphone is on on the top , uh on the middle , theunder the flip . but it should n't be under the flip either , because you can have the remote control closed , but you still might want to activate it by voice . my opinion i think it 's better under the flip because whenever you want to uh the talk , okay , so then you can speak then you can close it . but if you put it on the on the flip , okay , then uh technical i do n't think it 's uh feasible , 'cause most of the time you speak then it will be recognised . i mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and i 'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up , i can just use my voice . i mean it does n't have to be on the flip , yeah , the sides maybe is good . you need to work on the weight a little bit . <laugh> and maybe the shape of the buttons , the little egg shapes are n't the most economical , but i 'm satisfied . we could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well . and part of the thing is m a lot of people say that they do n't like something that 's too light , so i mean maybe this is excessively heavy , because they do n't feel like they have enough control over it . <other> so that 's pretty much it for our presentation actually . well , the prototype is is very well within the design and ideas that we 've we 've talked about on the previous meetings . now it goes into this next phase as the financial uh marketing uh", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer presented the prototype of the product to the group ."}
{"dialogue": "and we 've incorporated the l _ c _ d _ screen on the flip panel as part of the design , if we figure out it 's too expensive , well then you just take it off . this is our remote control , with the flip panel as you can see . so if you lift up the panel , you can see the lovely yellow l _ c _ d _ display . <other> s and it 's one of those very light , very touchable displays . additional feature on the back is that you can have your own customised backing and i suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front .", "summary": "abstract: the product featured an lcd display , a flip panel , and a customizable case back ."}
{"dialogue": "so then let 's come to the finance uh , i have some uh calculations which i made uh as for uh the budget . so here you can uh look like uh the energyand uhdynamo and uh kinetic and solar cells . uh it 's optional , somewhat optional and ed wants the chip on print , that 's what uh we were talking about that . so then we have sample sensor and sample speaker , then uh we have the wood material , then special colour and push button . actually , our budget was uh twelve point five euro , but uh it 's coming to nine point nine five euro , so we are under uhbelow the budget , well we have n't come to mine yet , so <laugh> we 're gon na have a bit of difference of opinion , yes . <laugh> . it 's gon na cost a long way to c you know , cost a lot of money to market it , is it ? on this pr provisionary cost analysis , we do not have a l _ c _ display . l _ c _ display is gon na be very expensive , no we do , but it 's not filled in . we do n't have the price up there , you 're right , sorry , yes . okay , so if we add approximately two to three euro per remote , now we 're up around about twelve , twelve and a half as to what uh the company had initially uh requested . um so that means we can put the uhthe l _ c _ d _ in , yeah . but as far as production um i 'm putting up a question because we 're talking about profit also , and in mine you 'll see uh <other> the problem with uh our survey , the p the possibility that how many units can be sold , what percentage of the market , etcetera etcetera uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it 's not transportation cost uh <other> and that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uhthe cost of the unit for the company . so to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million pound profit , we 're gon na have to go a long ways . so when it go into the quantity , okay , and the cost will come down . <other> although customisation , because this is being done , you know , the onon-order basis , it might be uh the the quantity wo n't m wo n't uh it 's gon na be very hard to reduce . uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one euro .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager displayed the cost of all of the components , and the group decided that the current budget would not allow the addition of the lcd display ."}
{"dialogue": "so what uh i will do is i will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , so then we can save some money , okay , to put into th our marketing or uh you know the promotions , whatever , okay , i will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager decided to negotiate the cost of production to allow the addition of the display ."}
{"dialogue": "so now i 'm gon na scare everybody out of this project . <laugh> since uh we need to have some type of idea on a market uh we had independent study that says itthis this market has an availability to absorb eight mi eight million units per year . our internal company evaluation puts it between eight to nine million <other> which means that uh if we have a target of two million would the company has to take twenty five percent of the market in the first year , which is actually a tremendous amount . if we put an inflated price of fifty euro at a production cost that can not exceed twenty-five euro , with transport , promotion , labour , because we havgi included the promotion in the cost , transport for the material to the stores or whatever how however we 're gon na break this down between our our retailers . at two million units , we have to have a profit of twenty-five euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit eu euro profit . i just did a run down the evaluation of the form , the fan uh the fancy stylishness of theof the unit , the ease of use , speech recognition , cost , we 've gone through these . now , the company must evaluate the feasibility of being able to take enough of the market to justify in production . but being that the market changes very very quickly , maybe there 's no more interest in buying this thing in eighteen months from now . so , now we have to come up with a decision . can the company sell two million units ? can it sell it for fifty euros ?", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert gave a presentation on sales projection and showed that the current projected sales point would probably not allow the project to reach its profit aim ."}
{"dialogue": "uh uh um i would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel which would be um to use the internet for promotion and ordering and then to drop-ship the p product to the customer 's residence . you can do a shipping centre somewhere , or strategically place shipping centres to minimise distance costs . in fact , we should sell through amazon , or ebay , yeah . that actually makes more sense if we 're gon na make it so highly customisable , 'cause on the web people can look at the different options they have , see maybe what other people have done , what the range of possibility as , and you can even have ana movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di the only thing that you 're missing really is the weight . the weight and feel . but people are getting used to buying things online that they ca n't touch before buying . maybe there 's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year , which could <other> you know , feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit . i do n't think that 's uh not possible ,", "summary": "abstract: the group also discussed the distribution and promotion of the product on the internet ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> well i was just wondering about if we 're gon na do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad , this is bad , we want this done differently . let 's proceed with this model , okay , for the for the marketing direction , okay . so no more changes will be made , okay , in thisthe basic design . so we will introduce m this model and uh let 's introduce in the market and let 's take the feedback from the customers , then we can uh go for the second generation . the problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we have n't thought of . well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there 's no end , there 's no limit . no , but there 's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we do n't really have anything to back it up . i mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . well you have no redesignnot you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and a lot of products have gone out there without being properly user-tested and completely flopped , when in fact it gets re-released a few years down the line with proper testing and it takes off like crazy . so , you 're right , timing is very important ,", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer expressed concern that there would not be time under the current plan to make changes to the product resulting from consumer testing ; the project manager decided that no additional changes would be made ."}
{"dialogue": "ed , d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for t _ v _ remote control sales ? would it be the christmas season by any chance ? the sports time . sports season . right before the eur <laugh> the world cup . <laugh> world soccer . world cup soccer , yeah , that 's a good idea . but , so , i 'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing pri and then to launch um at a a major sports event <other> that 's actually good place to advertise it too . <other> there might be some motion pictures that are coming out umthat are coming out on d _ v _ d _ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it , maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage . yes , thethat of course uh i will convince the management to do that , okay .", "summary": "abstract: the group then discussed other means of promoting the product: launching the remote at the same time as a large sporting event or dvd release ."}
{"dialogue": "so what uh i will do is i will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , i will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down .", "summary": "action: the project manager will negotiate with production companies and with management to decrease the cost of production ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , thethat of course uh i will convince the management to do that , okay .", "summary": "action: he will also present the new promotion plan to management ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh let 's leave it to the ed for later for once production is over", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will begin his marketing plan after production has begun ."}
{"dialogue": "okay then , l uh let 's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , i think he can promote the the brand value and the product value .", "summary": "action: the group will evaluate the product after real units have been produced ."}
{"dialogue": "it can be on the side somewhere . yeah , the sides maybe is good .", "summary": "decisions: the group decided that the lcd display will be included in the design and that the microphone for the remote will be placed on the side of the device ."}
{"dialogue": "so what uh i will do is i will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , i will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down .", "summary": "decisions: the project manager decided to negotiate the cost of production to allow the integration of the display into the design ."}
{"dialogue": "in fact , we should sell through amazon , or ebay , yeah . so i think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the finalthe the launch of a user-tested device with somespecial event . <other> that 's actually good place to advertise it too . <other> there might be some motion pictures that are coming out umthat are coming out on d _ v _ d _ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it ,", "summary": "decisions: the group will work with other companies to promote the product and have it released along with other products or with an event , such as a sporting event ."}
{"dialogue": "so no more changes will be made , okay , in thisthe basic design . so we will introduce m this model and uh let 's introduce in the market and let 's take the feedback from the customers , then we can uh go for the well you have no redesignnot you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and", "summary": "decisions: the project manager decided that no additional changes will be made to the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "okay then , l uh let 's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , so how it looks like technically and uh how it look like uh the real . we probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it .", "summary": "decisions: the product evaluation will occur at a later time , after the production of some real units have been produced , rather than evaluating the prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it 's not transportation cost uh <other> and that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uhthe cost of the unit for the company . so to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million pound profit , we 're gon na have to go a long ways . it 's gon na be very hard to reduce . so what uh i will do is i will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , i will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . at two million units , we have to have a profit of twenty-five euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit eu euro profit .", "summary": "problems: the group will have to make many changes to their original budget plans after the final cost analysis showed that their current budget would not cover the cost of all components and that the current price point would not meet the expected profit goal ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> well i was just wondering about if we 're gon na do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad , this is bad , we want this done differently . the problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we have n't thought of . so no more changes will be made , okay , in thisthe basic design . well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there 's no end , there 's no limit . no , but there 's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we do n't really have anything to back it up . i mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . well you have no redesignnot you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and", "summary": "problems: the group had problems agreeing on the project agenda , if more or less time should have been alotted for user testing and making changes to the design ."}
