{"dialogue": "uh i think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves and everybody 's name and what your function is ? yeah , my name is francina . and i 'm uh an user interface and i 'm a marketing person . my name is eileen . yeah . uh i 'm jeanne-oui . um uh my role is industrial designer and as you already know i am betty . i am the project manager for today .", "summary": "abstract: the meeting opens with the group doing introductions by giving their name and role ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , my name is francina . and i 'm uh an user interface and i 'm a marketing person . my name is eileen . yeah . uh i 'm jeanne-oui . um uh my role is industrial designer and as you already know i am betty . i am the project manager for today .", "summary": "abstract: betty is the project manager , francina is the user interface specialist , eileen is the marketing expert , and jeanne is the industrial designer ."}
{"dialogue": "this thing we are gon na um uh design is a new remote control . uh should be original <laugh> , trendy , and , of course , user friendly .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager tells them they will be designing a new remote control that should be original , trendy , and user-friendly ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve . that is it 's gon na be individual work and then at the meeting we 'll discuss what uh we have come up with . the same goes for the conceptual design , detailed design , same thing basically .", "summary": "abstract: they will be concerned with functional , conceptional , and detailed design ."}
{"dialogue": "then , tool training try out the white board , participant can draw their favourite animal . you wan na go eileen and and remember you have to press so it works .", "summary": "abstract: to try out the whiteboard , each group member draws her favorite animal on the board ."}
{"dialogue": "here 's the project finance um selling price is supposed to be twenty five euro . uh profit aim for the company is fifty million euro , the market range unlimited meaning international and the production cost should not exceedhopefully should be less than twelve fifty euro . now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you did n't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing", "summary": "abstract: they discuss the project budget and then talk about their experiences with remote controls ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , i i feel that all the remote should be very compact . and um and it should have multi-purpose . like uh the remote control which we use for t _ v _ , it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also , like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system .", "summary": "abstract: they seemed to agree that the remote should be compact and have a multi-purpose functions ."}
{"dialogue": "it should be something newit should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have . yeah , design should be , yeahit should be different . maybe it shoulddifferent colours or materials or you know .", "summary": "abstract: they also agree that it should do something different that current controls can not do and that it should be made of different colors , materials , and shapes ."}
{"dialogue": "i think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap , well or yeah or if it 's really , if it 's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal . maybe it should have a light so that we can , we can just recognise where it is . and i i think uh voice or clapping it 's not specific enough .", "summary": "abstract: they also discuss a way of helping people find the remote when it is lost- a signal , whether it is a beep or light ."}
{"dialogue": "the industrial designerthat 's you . uh working design , yeah , it 's it 's uh mainly technical-functional design . so so you are the working design . so you have a working design and then a functional design . and the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification , like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general . i thinkbasically basically you will get instructions to work with then uh we see you in about thirty minutes .", "summary": "abstract: then they close the meeting with the project manager going over the tasks they are to complete and telling them they will meet again in about thirty minutes ."}
{"dialogue": "the industrial designerthat 's you . uh working design , yeah , it 's it 's uh mainly technical-functional design .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the working design and technical function ."}
{"dialogue": "so so you are the working design . so you have a working design and then a functional design .", "summary": "action: the interface specialist will do the working design and functional design ."}
{"dialogue": "and the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification , like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general .", "summary": "action: the marketing manager will look for user requirement specifications such as friendliness"}
{"dialogue": "um selling price is supposed to be twenty five euro .", "summary": "decisions: selling price will be twenty five euro ."}
{"dialogue": "uh profit aim for the company is fifty million euro ,", "summary": "decisions: company aims to profit fifty million euro ."}
{"dialogue": "and um and it should have multi-purpose . yes , i i feel that all the remote should be very compact . like uh the remote control which we use for t _ v _ , it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also , like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system . yeah , design should be , yeahit should be different .", "summary": "decisions: it should be compact , multi-functional , different in shape / color / material ."}
{"dialogue": "i think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap , well or yeah or if it 's really , if it 's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal .", "summary": "decisions: have a locator to help find the remote when it is lost ."}
{"dialogue": "like uh the remote control which we use for t _ v _ , it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also , like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system . <other> at um twelve fifty euros per <laugh> well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that .", "summary": "problems: the group if not sure if they will have the budget to make the gadget multi-functional , but they would like to make one that would control basically all household machines ."}
