{"dialogue": "i take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do i think the marketing manager probably should go first , addressing the needs and desires . um <other> i thought that the method i should follow would be gather suggestions from everybody , um and then as we go on what we 'll have to do is accept and eliminate these suggestions according to um design and budget feasibility . so i 'll be coming to you um frequently as the industrial expert to tell me how hard it 's gon na be to add a feature or how expensive it 's gon na be or if your time , if it takes five years to develop this it 's just something we ca n't do . because if we 're gon na sell this thing , i think the best time to sell it is as a christmas present . so it 's got ta be really attractive um <cough> and then i 'll be coming to you as the user interface person to try to tell me from your point of view what are the most friendly features that we could put on it what what 's what 's gon na really be what they call a sizzle , a lot of times the thing that works the best from an engineering point of view is n't the thing that somebody 's really just gon na take out their wallet and buy for christmas for for their child or for their husband or whatever . alright i i already did a little bit of research after our first meeting where we threw out some ideas and it looks to me that within the budget that we 're looking at the uh the whole house idea really is n't gon na be possible . and then i found on the internet from from my research that some extended electronic entertainment control should be possible . at the budget that we 're looking at and at the price point we 're looking at , we should be able to make it work the t _ v _ , the v _ c _ r _ , the stereo set um maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp .", "summary": "abstract: the meeting begins and the marketing expert starts her presentation promptly , telling them that her research shows they need a focus- it is not possible to make a device that works on the whole house ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> uh okay , can can i at this point interject um something ? um we have received instruction from higher up that certain things should not be uh considered . um the one thing for examplesomething to eliminate maybe that 's the teletext , and according to to higher management theit should only control the t _ v _ , and the third thing that they wan na make sure um that theirthat the corporate image is being maintained , and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager steps in and informs them that they have instructions to eliminate the teletext idea because it is too complicated , and also said they must maintain the corporate image by using corporate designs and colors ."}
{"dialogue": "um alright now <other> other things that i found out onin my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now . 'cause a lot of them take too much time to learn how to use , but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting that frequently it 's lost somewhere in the room . uh we wan na s make it as simple as possible , we wan na make it um obvious and intuitive to use , we talked about thea light emitting thing as well as uh maybe a beep , okay , so , my personal preferences in this um project are really have to concentrate on the sizzle . we have to have as few buttons as possible , because more buttons is more confusion , so we 've got ta concentrate on the features that help you find it , um and then maybe a motto , like we put fashion in electronics might be something we can use in our marketing campaign .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert resumes , talking about how remotes often get lost and that a light emitter might be useful ."}
{"dialogue": "uh so today i 'm going to talk about the working design of the remote controller . in a remote controller you have a chip integrated circuit which is like a brain of the remote controller . it takes the power from a battery and it takes the input and it it transforms into a infro infrared bits and it sends it into the device , like a t _ v _ or a air conditioner , something like that so . and uh so uh i think it 's hard to design a remote controller for multiple uh devices . yeah well that 's already been eliminated by management , so we 're off the hook <laugh> . so uh user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages it 's like el the text or buttons which uh which are there on the uh remote controller theythose we can make uh um like fluorescent if suppose a child is playing with the remote controller and a and she she or he is pressing the buttons all at the time then there should be a beep saying that it'sthis this is not a a you know a a action , there can be no action taking to that so . like uh uh you should be able to lock your remote controller so that uh um whatever buttons are pressed by a child they ca n't be like y you i you if you have ki kids and all then they 'll be pl playing with the remote controllers so can lock the remote controller . and uh different shapes that we can do and uh uh of course there should be a case where we can keep all the things", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer gives her presentation , talking about components , materials , and energy sources ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh different shapes that we can do like uh we can have you know a all animals shapes or you know comfortable uh whi which can fit into your hands you you say that wo n't add too much to the budget ? no no no , it wo n't uh i do n't think it will be like , do you think there 's any chance of um having ser inhaving basically the same machine with the same buttons but maybe several different shapes ? because we had something sort of sexy for adults and we could have something sort of silly for children . so i think uh we need to make some buttons which arewhich are like um uh f in uh in intended for two or three operations , and and the butto buttons also i think if you want to have more features in your remote controller then there should be more buttons . because i think there 's a lot of argument to be made for one button for one feature . <laugh> so um maybe having buttons be various shapes might be a help too . you know , like thea triangle is for the volume and a square is for changing channels , so that people can uh develop a tactile sense of it . and uh display clock i if you want more features then we can display a clock", "summary": "abstract: they discuss giving the control different shapes to suit both adults and children , making the buttons various shapes , and putting a display clock on the control ."}
{"dialogue": "as uh user interface designer i did a little research to find out what are the features which a user would like to have on their remote . uh something like a radio wave or a infrared light or a led which can be used to change the different functionalities in the television now there should be some timer to set for viewing a particular a particular programme or switching on and off a uh a particular programme according to the user choice . and then there should be a child lock system if a particular channel is not to be viewed by a particular uh for a certain age , then the parents can lock that particular channel so that the ch children can not view that channel . one of the feature a user would like to have is the compactness of the co remote . and it should ha it should have as many buttons as possible for controlling different functionalities of the t _ v _ television . and it should have an uh it can have an alarm clock and then to save electricity uh there should not be uh much s move uh lots of circuits and all that . and um uh as uh uh this is my personal preference that it should be in the shape of a t _ in alphabet for more compactability . and um i dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we 're gon na design this one thing <other>", "summary": "abstract: the interface designer presents , talking about the features users like on a remote and suggesting that they make the remote a t-shape and add an alarm clock function ."}
{"dialogue": "however uh the decision we have to take in this meeting is who is our target group . and uh what function , working design , how how does it work . <other> now , talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody , we have earlier it was mentioned about um for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands , and uh i do n't know how much we want to cater to children 's use . so if you 've designed something that 's very attractive to children um the mummy please mummy please um you know we want it now we wan na go to the store and see it um that has uh a lot of marketing pull . i think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours . the question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense . but <other> uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a t _ v _ . can we is it even feasible to make one one remote control with something for everyone , or would we have to use the same electronics and make three different shapes ? they have like removable plastic cases , so you can have a striped one or you can have a fluorescent blue one , or whatever , that in each package you know you haveyou you haveyou have for example uh <other> you have let 's say a fluorescent blue on it but then you have uh another colour or stripe whatever that already comes in a package . well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but um if we do some more research , maybe we .", "summary": "abstract: they discuss their target group and the possibility of removable plastic cases ."}
{"dialogue": "if we do some more research , maybe we . if money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that . do we agree on on that in principle , like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not . so now i understand it 's lunch break .", "summary": "abstract: they close the meeting deciding to do more research on the plastic cases ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "and it looks to me that within the budget that we 're looking at the uh the whole house idea really is n't gon na be possible . at the budget that we 're looking at and at the price point we 're looking at , we should be able to make it work the t _ v _ , the v _ c _ r _ , the stereo set um maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp .", "summary": "decisions: they can not make a device that works on the whole house- will need a focus ."}
{"dialogue": "um the one thing for examplesomething to eliminate maybe that 's the teletext ,", "summary": "decisions: they will eliminate teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "and the third thing that they wan na make sure um that theirthat the corporate image is being maintained , and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product ,", "summary": "decisions: they will maintain the corporate image by using the proper designs and colors ."}
{"dialogue": "but <other> uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a t _ v _ . i i think to sum it up the target group is basically everybody .", "summary": "decisions: their target group is basically everybody who owns a tv ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> now , talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody , but i think within the target group we have subgroups . we have earlier it was mentioned about um for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands , and uh i do n't know how much we want to cater to children 's use . and um i dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we 're gon na design this one thing <other> so if you 've designed something that 's very attractive to children um the mummy please mummy please um you know we want it now we wan na go to the store and see it um that has uh a lot of marketing pull . i think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours . the question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense . but <other> uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a t _ v _ . they have like removable plastic cases , so you can have a striped one or you can have a fluorescent blue one , or whatever , that in each package you know you haveyou you haveyou have for example uh <other> you have let 's say a fluorescent blue on it but then you have uh another colour or stripe whatever that already comes in a package .", "summary": "problems: they are concerned about making the control marketable to a wide range of age groups , and have discussed making removable plastic covers so that the look is changeable ."}
{"dialogue": "can we is it even feasible to make one one remote control with something for everyone , or would we have to use the same electronics and make three different shapes ? well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but um if we do some more research , maybe we . if money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that .", "summary": "problems: however , they need to do more research on this topic ."}
{"dialogue": "if money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that . do we agree on on that in principle , like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not .", "summary": "problems: they do not know if their budget will allow them to include all the features they would like to such as a light emitter , clock , alarm clock , and child lock ."}
