{"dialogue": "uh first we going uh over the minutes of the last meeting , more or less . um in the last meeting uh the marketing manager had presented uh her method of working , <other> our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip uh are we all in agreement that that 's about what we discussed last time ?", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "now as an interface designer , i would give more emphasis on the interface , how the remote looks like okay . now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television . then it should have a next button , then , there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television . then there should d uh there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour , colour of the picture , the contrast , sharpness , brightness of the picture . now there should be a memory switch . now the most important feature i would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature . for example , if you want to seewe if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel , uh th now the theuh yeah , the remote willautomatically it will switch to the ninth channel . so this is one one of the interface which can be created . a very simple interface which has all the t uh uh important features . then , these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour , but they have many buttons . so you can you can design an interface which is very simple , and which is user-friendly . yeah , so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser . yeah , now this is an interface for a chil uh for a remote uh uh which a child can use . and this comes with different colours , different shapes . now this is a big over-sized remote which can not be misplaced or it 's impossible to misplace . and the personal preference <other> uh would be a spe uh uh to incorporate speech recognisers uh which will respond to user 's voice for a particular uh function .", "summary": "abstract: the interface specialist begins her presentation by highlighting important remote functions and showing examples of remote interfaces ."}
{"dialogue": "uh any comments on uh her presentation ? well , um looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there . but uh we 're gon na have to narrow it down a little more . no , i think her presentation was good , and she really explored all the options . yeah . um this time i 'm i 'm going to um concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design .", "summary": "abstract: the group comments on her presentation , and then the industrial designer begins presenting ."}
{"dialogue": "i have just brief <other> uh down few uh components which we require for the remote control uh construction . like uh if we want to have different colours , blue , red , green , so uh uh we have to use uh some colouring compone compone components . and uh the second important thing is uh uh uh integrated circuit . uh which uh we can use a highly sophisticated one because it 's like the it 's like the heart of the remote controller . and the uh other component we shoulduh we have in the remote controller is a resistor uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery , this is a normal remote controller . like you can see a chip there which is having eighteen pins , you can see the t _ a _ double one eight three five labelled uh chip um . uh you can also see the uh uh the greentwo green things are uh these arethey arethey are resistors , actually , uh building a circuit bo board is pretty pretty uh easy and also it 's a it 's a l l inexpensive . uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range . uh or we can use solar sells . uh and a as energy source we offer a basic battery , a more ingenious uh hard dynamo , um a kinetic provision of energy , like we can have a ma material such as plastic , rubber , wood , titanium , uh yeah , on the scroll and the push-button , um ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button ? no , no , no , th the the the scrolling wheels are different ,", "summary": "abstract: she talks about the technical electronic components of the remote , explains how a remote works , and shows a few pictures revealing the insides of a normal remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "so it should be strong . uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery , uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range . like for s scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and and k uh <other> uh uh fulla complete chip . like you can go for a sw switches like buttons or scrolls , uh <other> which which we used to do before ten ten years before , i think . now , nobody uses that because you need you need a a k sophisticated chip and all . so i think it 's better we go for uh um ordinary buttons .", "summary": "abstract: she suggests giving the remote a strong shell so it is durable , using a rechargable battery , and not adding a scroll wheel because it requires a sophisticated chip ."}
{"dialogue": "um alright , my method is uhi 'm interested in what the competition is doing , and wan na see how we can make ourselves different from the competition , um and my findings from this is that , you know , small is beautiful . simple is beautiful . and eye-catching is important .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert presents , talking about user preferences for a small , simple , eye-catching , cute , appealing , and functional remote ."}
{"dialogue": "and in my research this year i found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular . they are more back into soft feel , spongy feeling things , things with maybe a little cloth on them .", "summary": "abstract: fruit and vegetable shapes are popular this year , so a soft , spongy remote perhaps covered with cloth could make the item marketable ."}
{"dialogue": "and what we really have to decide in this meeting is um the concept of the remote . i would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser . this could be uh one feature which could be sellable . yeah , but but i what i 'm uh very very much doubtful how <other> how uh far it will work , because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems , issues . so to get a good recogni recognising system , it 's a costly thing , i think . it it 's like your recording of uh all uh um a question already , and then you 're expecting an answer from th okay , so why do n't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is .", "summary": "abstract: the group discusses the issues surrounding speech recognition , noting that if it is good quality it could be costly ."}
{"dialogue": "what kind of energy do we foresee ? i think i think battery , and i think we all agreed on that . that that 's that 's gon na be most cost-effective and the best thing . bright , colourful , trendy trendy design , and strong . trendy design , compact and strong . not sure what they mean by supplements . her speech recognition feature would be a supplement .", "summary": "abstract: they about the power source and review the objectives of the product ."}
{"dialogue": "and the marketing expert with the product evaluation . and uh the u _ i _ d _ is supposed to <other> uh come up with the user interface design , in this phase , the two of you , jana and francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here . <laugh> you will receive specific <laugh> instructions <laugh> will be sent to you by your coaches .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager closes the meeting by telling each member what task she is to complete ."}
{"dialogue": "and the marketing expert with the product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the marketing expert will do the product evaluation ."}
{"dialogue": "in this phase , the two of you , jana and francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and interface specialist will work together on a prototype using modeling clay ."}
{"dialogue": "and uh the u _ i _ d _ is supposed to <other> uh come up with the user interface design ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will come up with a user interface design ."}
{"dialogue": "<laugh> you will receive specific <laugh> instructions <laugh> will be sent to you by your coaches .", "summary": "action: their coaches will send specific instructions and answer questions ."}
{"dialogue": "bright , colourful , trendy trendy design , and strong . trendy design , compact and strong .", "summary": "decisions: they decided that the product should be bright , colorful , trendy in design , strong , compact , have push buttons , and contain supplement features ( possibly mute button , swapping button , voice recognition ) ."}
{"dialogue": "i think i think battery , and i think we all agreed on that . that that 's that 's gon na be most cost-effective and the best thing .", "summary": "decisions: the power source will be batteries because it is cost-effective ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: they will have the industrial engineer do more research on the cost of voice recognition before deciding whether to include that function ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , but but i what i 'm uh very very much doubtful how <other> how uh far it will work , because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems , issues . so to get a good recogni recognising system , it 's a costly thing , i think .", "summary": "problems: the group would like to include voice recognition as a feature , but they are not sure about how much it would cost ."}
{"dialogue": "okay , so why do n't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is .", "summary": "problems: this will require further research by the industrial engineer ."}
