{"dialogue": "like before we uhi have to redo the meetings from <other> n th the minutes from the last meeting it should have nine channel buttons , a next button , volume buttons , subtitle buttons , switch to control features , colour contrast , sharpness etcetera . uh speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal uh features she would like see d d to be integrated in this um in this new remote . the industrial designer um presented her uh <other> thoughts on the issue . she would like a special case made out of plastic that is very strong , not using any harmful materials , should be recyclable and should be colourful . uh scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore . the marketing expert uh who has to finally come up withto to to market this product has been watching the competition , has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small , easy to use and it should be eye catching . and the decision that we took last time was that uh the special feature we would like to see is a speech recogniser , should be trendy design , compact and strong ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting , detailing the main points of each person 's presentation ."}
{"dialogue": "this is a model of the remote control which we are going to build . uh this is us in a snail shape so uh it it is attractive uh bright and uh it has yellow buttons and all the different colour buttons it 's blue in colour uh and also compact in shape . um the material is plastic and uh for the buttons it is uh s soft rubber now we have included another feature that is the mute button now uh we have included the switch on and off button . then we have included one to nine buttons we have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume . now ourour model also contains a button which is called as the menu button . we have also included a button which is called as the swapping button . and then um uh for thefor the led , for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green and at the end , itthis remote has inbuilt voice recogniser which c which will recognise the user 's voice and then it 'll act accordingly .", "summary": "abstract: they do the prototype presentation which includes a model of the remote control ."}
{"dialogue": "what i really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb , i like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place . the colour 's very attractive . yes , it will have uhthese buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols . and one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape . a shell shape . i think voice recognition is our big selling point i think we have to , we have to dwell on on on the appearance .", "summary": "abstract: the group discusses this proposed model , approving of the small size and look of it ."}
{"dialogue": "okay now on the financing we bring up the um kinetic source so that'sin the energy source that 's all we need . uh electronics , simple chip on print ? i guess it 's double curved . and then we have to interface push buttons . eight , eight point two . looks like we are well within budget .", "summary": "abstract: they goes over finances and are pleased to find that they are well within budget ."}
{"dialogue": "um i just realised one thing . in the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser .", "summary": "abstract: however , while the marketing expert is doing the product evaulation the group realizes that they neglected to calculate voice recognition into the financing ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean maximum we have another four point three euros i mean <other> four thirty . so we 're just gon na have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us .", "summary": "abstract: their cost had been 8.20 euros and they have4 . 30 left to cover it , so they decide to settle for whatever quality it will buy ."}
{"dialogue": "um and we 're supposed to talk about those things as a team now , uh one being good and seven being the worst . yes i think uh shape is one . and how about on size ? i think i would give it at least a two . colour , i gave it a one . one , one , one , okay . and how about the feel ? i 'll give three . uh maybe two , and the next is functionality i 'll give it a three . it looks like we 've got got ourselves a pretty good product .", "summary": "abstract: they rate their product on its shape , size , color , feel , and functionality ."}
{"dialogue": "here is what we looking at uh satisfaction on for example room for creativity . is there more room for creativity or are we absolutely happy ? we can always improve , yes . so i thinkii mean we can just have small buttons and more buttons in that case . if we want to have more features than that . well then again if we 're gon na um <other> do the speech recognition thing we 're gon there gon na be some buttons that are gon na have to be added for that for the recording of the the speech . maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons , instead of having two mute buttons . uh , um are we happy with the creativity that has passed here", "summary": "abstract: they discuss the project process , talk briefly about adding more features , and one member suggests eliminating a mute buttons and include a diffferent feature ."}
{"dialogue": "personally i think uh i 'm pretty happy . and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project ? <other> i think you 've done a good job , miss leader . <laugh> yeah i d i do too i think we worked well together as a team , yeah . mm-hmm . yeah maybe we could 've used the whiteboard a little bit more , yeah , i think we we did , uh in more than one respect and uh so i think we did very well here . so ii thank you all very much .", "summary": "abstract: they are happy with the creativity , leadership , and teamwork within the group , and close the meeting by thanking one another ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "action: * na *"}
{"dialogue": "uh this is us in a snail shape so uh it it is attractive it 's blue in colour uh bright and uh it has yellow buttons and all the different colour buttons", "summary": "decisions: the remote is a snail shape with bright colors , blue and yellow with multi-colored buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "uh and also compact in shape .", "summary": "decisions: compact in size ."}
{"dialogue": "and one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape . a shell shape .", "summary": "decisions: it includes a remote holder in the shape of a shell ."}
{"dialogue": "um the material is plastic and uh for the buttons it is uh s soft rubber", "summary": "decisions: the case will be made of plastic and the buttons of soft rubber ."}
{"dialogue": "now we have included another feature that is the mute button now uh we have included the switch on and off button . then we have included one to nine buttons we have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume . now ourour model also contains a button which is called as the menu button . we have also included a button which is called as the swapping button .", "summary": "decisions: its features will include an on / off button , two mute buttons , nine channel buttons , two buttons for increasing / decreasing the volume , two buttons for scrolling up / down channels , a menu button in the center which controls the color / sharpness / brightness of the picture , and a swapping button ."}
{"dialogue": "yes , it will have uhthese buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols .", "summary": "decisions: channel buttons numbered , rest of the buttons have symbols indicating function ."}
{"dialogue": "and then um uh for thefor the led , for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green", "summary": "decisions: light emitting diode is flourescent green ."}
{"dialogue": "eight , eight point two . in the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser .", "summary": "decisions: in their cost evaluation they got 8.20 , not factoring in the voice recognition feature ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean maximum we have another four point three euros i mean <other> four thirty . so we 're just gon na have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us .", "summary": "decisions: they decide to settle for the level of quality the remaining 4.30 euros will get them ."}
{"dialogue": "eight , eight point two . looks like we are well within budget . um i just realised one thing . in the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser . i mean maximum we have another four point three euros i mean <other> four thirty .", "summary": "problems: the group spent 8.20 euros on their product , but they almost forgot to factor in voice recognition , which may cost more than the 4.30 euros remaining ."}
{"dialogue": "so we 're just gon na have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us .", "summary": "problems: they will have to settle for whatever level of quality that 4.30 euros can buy ."}
