{"dialogue": "first i will introduce myself . i 'm bart , my name 's frank . let 's start off um with a little presentation . uh now first i 'll tell you a little bit about the setting . you can see there are a few cameras here . they 'll record uh our actions and you 'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice . is there a project documents folder ? there are some notes in it already i see , some documents .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced himself to the team and then acquainted the team with the audio and video equipment in the meeting room ."}
{"dialogue": "i do n't know if you 've noticed , but uh we 're working for real reaction . we put fashion in electronics , uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . um have you all seen the corporate website already ? have you seen any flaws in it ? i think i found one . <laugh> but um on the corporate information side there 's a th uhthere was real remote instead of real reaction .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefly described the company the team works for and discussed the corporate website ."}
{"dialogue": "this is our agenda . <other> uh we have our opening acquaintance , tool training , project plan description closing . then i can take some notes maybe you can take the minutes once in a while . but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down , just write it down . <other> uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . it has to be original , trendy , and user friendly . uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through . first is functional des uh design , individual work , meetings . after the functional design , then the conceptual design and the detailed design . the industrial designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . uh the user interface designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design . <other> and the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and projectuh product ev evaluation . but that will be all worked out in uh other meetings .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager then described the upcoming project and the roles of each team member ."}
{"dialogue": "as you can see we 've got the smart boards here and here in the white board . um in the white board here there 's a little tool bar on this side . here are some functions . you can save . uh these functions we do n't have anything to do with , only undo , you can undo a little uh piece of drawing . a blank new document for each person . uh select a pen , eraser . uh then we 've got our pen . this pen . it 's really funny you can also select the current colour and the line width . and it 's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there . we 've got our shared folder , but all you will found that already because there are a lot of documents in it already , so if you have a document you wan na show , just open it from the folder . here is a simple tool bar . it 's save , print , move back or forward one page . you can switch between the different drawings . and then we 're going to try out the white board . we 're going to uh draw animal . <other> and uh just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics . um the only thing we have to uh look after is that we use different colours , and different line width . you can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child . because if you hold it like this , the sensors will get blocked another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow . 'cause if you 're going to draw like really fast then um the pen wo n't hold up . we choose form of current colour uh i think grey is appropriate . now you 'll see my drawing capabilities . you have to do it real slow . i was trying to draw a dolphin , <laugh> and then you can undo maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down . now i 'm gon na hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you . gon na use a different line width . maybe it 's easier to draw the smaller line width , i think . you have to go really slow when you 're writing . um i 'm just gon na draw its uh head , i was gon na draw a cat too , it 's pretty skinny cat . <laugh> everybody knows how to work with the white board now ? yeah .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager introduced the smart boards to the team and led the team members in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and described why they liked the animal ."}
{"dialogue": "move along to the project finance . um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five euros . our selling price . uh our profit aim is fifty million euros . uh we can do it international , so we have to focus on different kind of users , different kind of cultures , and different kind of trends as well . our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half euros , just try to remember these points . selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million um , but more important is the int international market we 're trying to focus on . and production cost uh maximal twelve and a half euros . that 's leads us to our little discussion . does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and i mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? like you can use for other ? no , me neither . kind of broad t _ v _ at home , and a d _ v _ d _ player , so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the t _ v _ , one for the video recorder , one for the d _ v _ d _ player . and i think it'sit would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all . i 've i 've got one at home . and you can uh program i think eight different devices in it , i think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . we'vewe want different functions uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red . and it also operates on infra-red , and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . so you have to got the little device inside your room , think it has to be shock proof sure , yeah . my remote control tends to fall a lot . waterproof , thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it . how much is left in the battery . but maybe just a little led ,", "summary": "abstract: the project manager briefed the team on the project budget and selling prices for the remote they are to create and led them in a discussion on their experiences with remote controls and what features they would like to include in their product ."}
{"dialogue": "and we can all work uh on our own projects . <other>", "summary": "action: the team members will work on their individual projects"}
{"dialogue": "um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five euros . our selling price .", "summary": "decisions: the selling price will be 25 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "uh we can do it international ,", "summary": "decisions: the focus will be on an international market ."}
{"dialogue": "our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half euros ,", "summary": "decisions: the production cost can not exceed 12 . 50 euro ."}
{"dialogue": "i think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be able to control multiple devices ."}
{"dialogue": "think it has to be shock proof", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be shockproof ."}
{"dialogue": "waterproof ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be waterproof ."}
{"dialogue": "but they 'll also really drag up the production costs , so think we 'll have to see about that too .", "summary": "problems: cost of a battery status display ."}
