{"dialogue": "uh now we 're going um into the functional design . then our agenda . first the opening . uh this time i will take the minutes . uh you 're going to have a presentation . all of you . um and we 've got forty minutes for the whole uh prese for the whole uh presentations . so uh i suggest we take about seven minutes per presentation , and then we can have a little discussion about the new project requirements and then the decision on the control functions uh which we wan na include and those which we do n't wan na include . my name is freek van ponnen . i 'm the market expert . we have we uh have been doing research in a usability lab where we observed um users operating remote controls . uh we let them fill out a questionnaire . uh in addition we did some market research . uh see what the market consists of . what ages are involved . these are three quite astonishing results , i thought . uh seventy five percent of the um people questioned uh indicated that they thought their remote were was ugly . um and an additional eighty percent indicated that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control . um in addition remotes were not very functional . fifty percent of the people indicated they only loo used about ten percent of the buttons on a remote control . and fifty percent of the people indicated that their remote tended to get lost in their room . then we did some research to the most relevant functions . channel selection and volume selection um both got a ten on a scale of one to ten for relevancy . the power button got a nine . and teletext got a six and a half . then there are some one-time use function . that uh audio settings , video settings , and channel settings buttons . which are not really used very frequently , but are still considered to be of some importance . um channel selection was also indicated to be used very frequently . one hundred and sixty eight times per hour . um sixty percent of the market consists of users between the ages sixteen and forty f six . the users of forty six to sixty five years cons the make up forty percent of the market . they are not really very interested in features . but they do tend to spend their money a lot easier . what i think this indicates for our um design . i think we should make a remote for the future . and this means we would um have to focus on the age ages sixteen to forty five . um this would mean we would have to make a fancy design . umthe results also indicated that um about one quarter of the people questioned thought that the remote control caused r _ s _ r _ s _ i _ . and thirty four percent thought that it was hard to learn a n how to operate a new control , remote control . i think we should make very few buttons . uh i think the most frequently used buttons should be emphasised . especially the channel selection and audio uh selection buttons .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager stated the agenda and the marketing expert discussed what functions are most relevant on a remote , what the target demographic is , and what his vision for the appearance of the remote is ."}
{"dialogue": "but it might be a good idea to make a docking station . and this would , could get a button in it which would send a signal to the remote which would then beep . so you 'd know where it is in the room . and in addition to this it could um recharge the batteries in the remote if you put it in . then um a surprisingly great deal of people w indicated that um an l _ c _ d _ screen in the remote control would be preferred . this was um mostly people in the age of sixteen to twenty five . this would also greatly increase the production costs but i think these are just some small factors we could consider .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert also brought up the idea to include a docking station to prevent the remote from getting lost and the idea to include an lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've been looking at uh the user interface of it . um f for the techno f functions uh of of it . um i think uh we uh must use the general functions uh of the uh remote control . i i 've been thinking about a simple manner uh to put a lot of functions uh uh in one um in one uh remote control . uh uh i 've do i 've uh done a little uh research on the internet andnot much information about it , um about uh interface uh so uh you 've got a lot of devi uh devices like uh d _ v _ d _ uh uh television , uh stereo . but uh it must be uh user-friendly . you c you ca n't put a a lot of uh functions uh in one uhyeah . uh uh uhyeah . in one um remote control . you can see , this is uh quite simple uh remote control . but uhthis uh re uh remote control got a a lot of uh buttons . what uh i was uh thinking about was um uh keep the general functions uh like they are . like uh the on-off uh button . uh keep it uh yeah l like a red button . my personal uh preferences um . use a display for uh specific uh functions of the different uh device . and um here you 've got a s kind of a display . it 's a touchscreen . you got a general f uh f the functions of the device uh for a d _ v _ d _ player or uh so um the pl yeah um f for uh playing uh reverse uh . and um you got here uh real buttons for uh selecting uh a device . you you never got uh all the buttons uh on w one device . we better c um uh use uh quite uh large buttons uh everybody uh have to use it souh ol even even old people um young people . we must keep uh buttons uh quite s uh simple and quite large . i think if we are gon na use a touchscreen uh we 're gon na go way above the twelve and a half euros . n i i do n't think so . uh you got uh quite a cheap uh touchscreen . s um it 's uh not uh in colour or something . it would certainly make a fancy design . but theit would n't be very robust .", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer pushed for a user-friendly interface with large buttons , a display function , a touchscreen , and the capability of controlling different devices ."}
{"dialogue": "i 've got a presentation about the working design . um first about how it works . everybody knows how a remote works . the user presses a button . the remote determines what button it is , uses the infrared to send a signal to the t _ v _ . the t _ v _ switches to the frequency , or what function it is . we 've got um the the plate . it gots conductive disks for every button . when the user presses a button , a signal got sent , goes to the led and transmits tranmi transmits its to the t _ v _ . this is a schematic overview . you 've got the buttons . the power source . and uh when a button gets pressed , its goes to the chip . i think we should use default materials , simple plastics . keep the inner workings simple , uh i think we should focus on aesthetics , the design and the user interface , and if you use high-tech materials it come back in every product . it 's , in my idea , it 's uh it 's gon na be smart to invest in di in design and not in uh in the product itself . so i 'm here to mess things up and uh tell you some new uh requirements . we 've uh got to design a um remote which is only suitable for t _ v _ . um that 's because <other> uh it will be too complex and the time to market will be too big , if we wan na have it uh for more functions . uh another point is we have to skip the teletext , because in the world of uh upcoming internet uh we think teletext is going to be uh a thing of the past . another one is uh the customer is uh forty plus . uh that 's the the market we have to to to target , because we are going to develop a new product which is specially designed for the younger customers . and we have to be very uh attent in uh putting the corporate image uh in our product . so it has to be visible in our design , in the way our device works .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements they are to abide by ."}
{"dialogue": "i suggest let 's have a discussion on the control functions . <laugh> uh we can see if we can find a way uh between the functions we wan na use and the market we wan na reach with our product . um 'cause you 're you 're saying that teletext is gon na be an old feature but i think if you 're targeting people of forty plus , the chance that they will have a t _ v _ with internet access within the next like twenty years is very slim . in addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control . so i think it 's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it . besides that , i think the market for forty plus is like pretty small . but i mean if i s if i see this , it'si think we 're just gon na go for another standard remote . i think we can do a lot with the design and the simple buttons uh if we put a lot of effort in those , we can make a remote control with uh just two or three buttons . or just a remote which is suitable for the market we wan na reach if you look in holland at the whole generation of forty plus , fifty plus , it it 's the the biggest share of the of the whole population now . but do n't you think that if we make a remote which is uh typically made for this market , that people thinkthe people think that 's the the device i 've looked for although i did n't realise it . i think that if we'reif we put our marketing right um we can sell this just like umi do n't know if you 've heard about it in the news , the the elderly mobile phone ? if we if we make a remote control just l with that idea in mind , we could make tons of money , i think . we do n't have to focus on on on the on the design then but on functionality . uh i think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well . but only if uh if it wo n't higher the the cost , but um deaf people need uh teletext for uh for subtitles . i think it 'd definitely be a bad idea not to include teletext . is anybody um really against teletext ? i think that 's a good idea as well , especially for the subtitles . i think uh that 's very important we have a few buttons . so we can s we can skip the display , but do you need the buttons for one to zero . think if you 're gon na include teletext you do . or a joystick like ? maybe we can implement the scroll button ? just look if you look at telephones . the sony telephone has a scroll button which is very useful in searching names or but um i do n't think there are many t _ v _ s that can switch channels that fast . and so you would need like the t _ v _ would need an a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it . if we 're gon na focus on elderly people they 'll have to adapt . so perhaps we should s stick to the basic layout . i think it 's very important in the in the design . you can make a very fancy design uh with putting the buttons on the right places . but i do n't thinki think if you 're gon na make a remote control only to operate a t _ v _ , you there 's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible . you suggest we could better um focus on for example the docking station . i think , mean we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons but i do n't think we should spend very much time in that . do you think the docking station will uh is allowed in the budget we have ? and if the remote stays rather small , it should be possible we 're just gon na focus on the extras ? i think so . fifty percent of the people indicated that remote control tended to get lost . so maybe we should implement the audio sign , or something . like with your key-chain , if you whistle it goes uh it makes a sound . you have it 's on some phones too , which have a docking station . and you just press a button and the phone goes ringing . point is the l _ c _ d _ screen . uh another um i do n't know if that will rise the cost too much , um i think we 'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen , it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it , which would explain a button if you press it . and it would n't have to be touchscreen or a very expensive screen , just the l _ c _ d _ . that 's a good idea . few buttons , we talked about that . docking station , l _ c _ d _ . um general functions and default materials . i think that 's a good idea as well , because i think what we 're going to design now is for people above sixty , maybe . if we want um awith uh for example the the telephone for elderly people , we can target the real elderly people . now you 're talking about sixty to eighty for example . but i 'd have to look into that a little more . and with uh the little screen in it , which explains the buttons . you couldi think we n it would be a lot easier to adapt it to different cultures . if we 're able to really bring an innovative product . i think since a lot of people indicated that a new remote control is hard to learn , and we 're focusing on elderly people here which tend to have a hard time understanding new devices ,", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed teletext , the target demographic , the buttons the remote should have , the idea of marketing a remote designed for the elderly , an audio signal which can sound if the remote is lost , lcd screens , and language options ."}
{"dialogue": "<other> um what we 're going to do for the next meeting is the industrial designer will do the components concept ,", "summary": "action: the industrial designer will work on the components concept ."}
{"dialogue": "user interface designer the user interface concept , and the trend-watching .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will work on the user interface concept and trend-watching"}
{"dialogue": "we 've uh got to design a um remote which is only suitable for t _ v _ .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will only be used for televisions ."}
{"dialogue": "because i think what we 're going to design now is for people above sixty , maybe . now you 're talking about sixty to eighty for example .", "summary": "decisions: the user target group consists of adults age sixty to eighty ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the corporate image must be visible in the design of the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "uh i think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well . but only if uh if it wo n't higher the the cost ,", "summary": "decisions: the team will implement teletext in their design if it does not cost too much ."}
{"dialogue": "few buttons , we talked about that . docking station , l _ c _ d _ . um general functions", "summary": "decisions: the remote will only have a few buttons ."}
{"dialogue": "few buttons , we talked about that . docking station , l _ c _ d _ . um general functions", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have an audio signal to allow users to locate it when misplaced-the team will focus on creating a remote for elderly people ."}
{"dialogue": "it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it , few buttons , we talked about that . docking station , l _ c _ d _ . um general functions", "summary": "decisions: the remote will feature a small lcd screen ."}
{"dialogue": "if we 're able to really bring an innovative product . which would explain a button if you press it .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be fancy ."}
{"dialogue": "it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it ,", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be easy to learn ."}
{"dialogue": "in different languages , you know . adapt it to different cultures . and with uh the little screen in it , which explains the buttons . you couldi think we n it would be a lot easier to", "summary": "decisions: the remote will be made to accommodate different languages ."}
{"dialogue": "i think if we are gon na use a touchscreen uh we 're gon na go way above the twelve and a half euros . n i i do n't think so . uh you got uh quite a cheap uh touchscreen . s um it 's uh not uh in colour or something . um i do n't know if that will rise the cost too much , um i think we 'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen ,", "summary": "problems: cost of a touchscreen ."}
{"dialogue": "but i think if you 're targeting people of forty plus , the chance that they will have a t _ v _ with internet access 'cause you 're you 're saying that teletext is gon na be an old feature within the next like twenty years is very slim . in addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control . so i think it 's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it . uh i think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well . but only if uh if it wo n't higher the the cost , but um deaf people need uh teletext for uh for subtitles . i think it 'd definitely be a bad idea not to include teletext . i think that 's a good idea as well , especially for the subtitles . is anybody um really against teletext ?", "summary": "problems: whether to include teletext in the design despite the new requirement which indicates that the team is not to work with teletext ."}
{"dialogue": "besides that , i think the market for forty plus is like pretty small . but i mean if i s if i see this , it'si think we 're just gon na go for another standard remote . if you look in holland at the whole generation of forty plus , fifty plus , it it 's the the biggest share of the of the whole population now .", "summary": "problems: the user target group of adults age forty and up is quite small ."}
{"dialogue": "but do you need the buttons for one to zero . think if you 're gon na include teletext you do . maybe we can implement the scroll button ? or a joystick like ? but i do n't thinki think if you 're gon na make a remote control only to operate a t _ v _ , you there 's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible .", "summary": "problems: what buttons and functions to include on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe we can implement the scroll button ? just look if you look at telephones . the sony telephone has a scroll button which is very useful in searching names or but um i do n't think there are many t _ v _ s that can switch channels that fast . and so you would need like the t _ v _ would need an a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it . if we 're gon na focus on elderly people they 'll have to adapt . so perhaps we should s stick to the basic layout .", "summary": "problems: whether to include a scroll button ."}
{"dialogue": "i think it 's very important in the in the design . you can make a very fancy design uh with putting the buttons on the right places . but i do n't thinki think if you 're gon na make a remote control only to operate a t _ v _ , you there 's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible . you suggest we could better um focus on for example the docking station . i think , mean we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons but i do n't think we should spend very much time in that . do you think the docking station will uh is allowed in the budget we have ? and if the remote stays rather small , it should be possible we 're just gon na focus on the extras ? i think so .", "summary": "problems: whether to focus more on the layout of the buttons or the docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "if we if we make a remote control just l with that idea in mind , we could make tons of money , i think . because i think what we 're going to design now is for people above sixty , maybe . if we want um awith uh for example the the telephone for elderly people , we can target the real elderly people . now you 're talking about sixty to eighty for example . but i 'd have to look into that a little more .", "summary": "problems: whether the user target group should be people age 60 to 80 ."}
