{"dialogue": "it 's the conceptual design meeting . and a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components . uh conceptual specification of design . and also trend-watching . um but first i 'll show you the agenda . uh first the opening . then we have three presentations . uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts . then a little uh thing about the last meeting . uh these are the points um we agreed on . the requirements and the target market . uh requirements are uh teletext , docking station , audio signal , small screen , with some extras that uh button information . and we are going to use default materials . and we 're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers . um i suggest let 's get started with the presentations .", "summary": "abstract: the project manager opened the meeting and recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "i 'm uh gon na inform you about the trend-watching i 've done over the past few days . um we 've done some market research . we distributed some more enquetes , questionnaires . and um besides that um i deployed some trend-watchers to milan and paris to well get all of the newest trends . um most important thing is the fancy design . um the research indicated that that was by far the most important factor . um innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design . by innovativeness this means um functions which are not featured in other remote controls . um about half of , half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use . um for our um group , we 're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old , this is um , these factors are slightly more equal . uh the older people prefer dark colours . uh they like recognisable shapes , and familiar material . and our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people . um this leads us to some personal preferences . uh the remote control and the docking station should uh blend in in the in the room . um so this would mean no uh eye-catching designs . just keep it simple the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest , because this would be thethese would uh be the innovativeness in the remote control . um well the trend-watchers i consulted advised that it b should be , the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped . so you could imagine that uh the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station . this is pretty much a new shape to uh older people . so they would prefer uh a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station . um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions , one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel , and one with a grey-black colour . the wood-like for the more uh exclusive people . people with more money .", "summary": "abstract: the marketing expert discussed his personal preferences for the design of the remote and presented the results of trend-watching reports , which indicated that there is a need for products which are fancy , innovative , easy to use , in dark colors , in recognizable shapes , and in a familiar material like wood ."}
{"dialogue": "uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface . um the uh last meeting uh we had a about um uh using a f few buttons . that 's w what i what i want to uh uh to do in uh our design . just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions . finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control . um the uhi found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition . only uh buttons uh for uh sound , um for uh on-off , um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down . we uh need some uh new a attractive functions it 's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles . overall um user-friendly . using uh large large buttons . um it 's uh possible to uh uh to make um quite cheap uh system for uh speech uh recognition . um you can think about um uh when you lost your um remote control , you can uh call it and um it gives an um sig signal . and and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something , you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh . um i was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles , um just one button to keep it uh simple . uh one push on the button uh you get uh uh small uh subtitles . um double push push um , if double click , um so uh you get uh big uh subtitles , for uh people uh um uh which c f uh who ca n't uh read small uh subtitles . we 've got um the buttons we have to use . the on-off , sound on-off , sound higher or lower , um the numbers , uh zero to uh uh nine . um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel . um also we want to uh use a little d display uh for um for displaying the uh the functions of the buttons . and um we can uh build in a function f which uh shows the channel or some uh which the t television is on . made a little uh picture of uh it . just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner , d display uh of it , it 's uh just a small display . uh um you can put it uh on top . and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel , um it 's uh on place where um the thumb of of the", "summary": "abstract: the user interface designer discussed the option to include speech recognition and which functions to include on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "about the components design . um for the energy source we can use a basic battery or , a as an optional thing , a kinetic energy , like in a watch , but if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete . so i do n't think it 's really an option . uh for the casing , uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing , single or double curved casing . it 's really up the the design that we 're gon na use . uh as a case supplement , we could um , i thought of that l later , uh a rubber uh belt , like a anti-slip . uh for the b buttons , we can use plastic or rubber . and the chip-set , um it says simple here , but it should be advanced , because we 're using an l _ c _ d _ uh screen . and as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed , um people like wood , but it raises the price and it does n't really fit the image , unless we would start two product lines . um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy . but depends on what we want . um for the case , uh the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer .", "summary": "abstract: the industrial designer discussed which options he preferred for the remote in terms of energy sources , casing , case supplements , buttons , and chips ."}
{"dialogue": "that brings us to the discussion about our concepts . um first i think we can talk about the energy source , uh f i think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , i think . we could use the basic normal battery . uh a hand dynamo . there there are four options . but i do n't think that 's <laugh> really an option . uh solar cells . but not every room is very light or the kinetic energy . and how exactly does the kinetic energy work ? y you basically shake your remote , and then it powers up . personally i do n't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . and besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete . and i think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um get great popularity for our product . you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . uh it 's uh just a small display so i believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more . i think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . and i do n't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms . so maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place . and also what you said . um you can introduce voice recognition by uh finding back your remote . but i think it 's um more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station . so you have a but button on your docking station which you can push , and then it starts beeping . and then we can we can still use the voice recognition , but maybe then for only the the channels . i 'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price ? mm i do n't have any information on pricing . um we also um asked if w they would , if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . you can see here , our target group would not do that . so if that would increase the price for which we 're selling our remote control i would greatly advise not to do it . but that would also go for the l _ c _ d _ screen then i guess . it 's a bit higher percentage , here the question was , would you prefer it . and on top of that the l _ c _ d _ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . and i think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use . i personally think the l _ c _ d _ screen we wan na use , with the extra information , i think nobody has anything against it . because it 's just uh some extra information , maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition . if we do n't have the voice recognition , it will it wo n't use a lot of energy to use . um in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , but i think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . and much cheaper as well . and that 's the best choice . let me just choose for the battery . that brings us to the chip . there is n't any choice there because we 're using the the the the display . and then we get to the point of the case . uh if we wan na choose for wood or the black and grey . or both ? wood is a lot more expensive to produce . um but i think it will attract elderly people who wan na have something exclusive , <cough> and i think most important factor there is the wooden colour . but with colour was a lot more expensive ? or ? i 'll have to uh research . it 's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape . with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the nokia mobile phones , uh when you can change the case of it . uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . you have just to make one um standard um remote control , i think that 's a very good option . you can sell the cases . and then you can make them with colour . black and grey , other colours as well . we would have to look carefully into the design though . costs . i think w we should just , we should then just design one um one remote , but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one . everybody 's okay with the changing covers ? i think that 's a good uh good option . um i heard our industrial designer talk about uh flat , single and double curved . the the general like most older remotes are flat , just straight . and what would single curved and double curved mean ? um it would just only affect the form , for as far as i know . it 's has to be possible to stand up ? or just only to lie down ? just to lie down . the interface . what type of interface do we want to use ? uh we can just use the regular form of it , um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side , so you could , so your thumb would be easily um i thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side . for left-handed users also . is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up ? and on the uh other uh <other> uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting , uh for for the sound ? but i 'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy , ease of use . ca n't we make uhca n't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same no that 's not gon na work . i guess . but is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand ? i think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with uh choosing a channel i think we could just uh leave it a normal shape . let 's look at the flat case . the the single curved so i 'm not really sure what they 're gon na look like , but i think it 's something like this . or bettershould prevent repetitive strain injury a bit . this type should be better for you i suggest um the single curved , because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the the screen in . the remote control have to um lay in your hand . um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand . and to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh but i think it 's better to put the screen uh on top . and i 'd prefer the corners to be round . but um the on-off button , um still on the top uh thenwe 've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we 're going to use .", "summary": "abstract: the team then discussed and made decisions regarding energy sources , speech recognition , lcd screens , chips , case materials and colors , case shape and orientation , and button orientation ."}
{"dialogue": "so check out the corporate website maybe . it 's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote .", "summary": "action: the team members will look at the corporate website ."}
{"dialogue": "the user interface design , it 's the same story . and product evaluation .", "summary": "action: the user interface designer will continue with what he has been working on ."}
{"dialogue": "so the industrial designer and user interface designer are going to work together on this one .", "summary": "action: the industrial designer and user interface designer will work together"}
{"dialogue": "let me just choose for the battery . but i think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have a docking station ."}
{"dialogue": "but i think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . let me just choose for the battery .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use a conventional battery and a docking station which recharges the battery ."}
{"dialogue": "so it 's got ta be advanced . that brings us to the chip .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will use an advanced chip ."}
{"dialogue": "uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . i think that 's a very good option . everybody 's okay with the changing covers ? i think that 's a good uh good option .", "summary": "decisions: the remote will have changeable case covers ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the case covers will be available in wood or plastic ."}
{"dialogue": "i suggest um the single curved ,", "summary": "decisions: the case will be single curved ."}
{"dialogue": "uh f i think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , i think . personally i do n't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . and besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete . and i think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um get great popularity for our product . you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . uh it 's uh just a small display so i believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more . i think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . and i do n't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms . so maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place . in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , but i think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . and much cheaper as well . and that 's the best choice . let me just choose for the battery .", "summary": "problems: whether to use kinetic energy or a conventional battery with a docking station which recharges the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "because it 's just uh some extra information , i personally think the l _ c _ d _ screen we wan na use , with the extra information , i think nobody has anything against it .", "summary": "problems: whether to implement an lcd screen on the remote ."}
{"dialogue": "but that would also go for the l _ c _ d _ screen then i guess . it 's a bit higher percentage , here the question was , would you prefer it . and on top of that the l _ c _ d _ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . and i think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use . i personally think the l _ c _ d _ screen we wan na use , with the extra information , i think nobody has anything against it . because it 's just uh some extra information , maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition .", "summary": "problems: choosing between an lcd screen or speech recognition ."}
{"dialogue": "wood is a lot more expensive to produce . uh if we wan na choose for wood or the black and grey . or both ? um but i think it will attract elderly people who wan na have something exclusive , <cough> and i think most important factor there is the wooden colour . but with colour was a lot more expensive ? or ? i 'll have to uh research . it 's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape .", "summary": "problems: using wood for the case ."}
