{"dialogue": "in this meeting we will discuss our final design . but first um we will do thethis is prototype presentation . this is what me and richard came up with .", "summary": "abstract: in the detailed design meeting the team created a prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "this is what me and richard came up with . the default spot for the on-off button . the mute button just below that . then there 's the volume and channel selectors . simple plus-minus button . uh we thought of a help button . if you hold it and you press another button , uh the help goes to the l _ c _ d _ screen . then there 's the zero toone to zero buttons . a button for teletext . a button for the subtitles . and the company logo . so it 's rather simple prototype . um , <cough> is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality ? um , when you 're in teletext there usually are buttons where you just you just press it and you g go to the next teletext page . uh , that 's just uh the normal uh as th as the normal uh remote controls uh you um came in uh page uh one hundred . now you can use the normal uh one to zero buttons . but you can also uh use the um button th for uh changing the the channel . s so uh the shifting uh button . uh for uh yeah shif shifting up in uh on t on t uh teletext , and shifting uh down . so i thought in a few meetings earlier we uh uh tried to keep it uh simple . uh just a few buttons and large buttons . but uh i think these are altogether quite a quite a few buttons . so i 'm wondering if we if we neelyreally need all of those buttons . i think if you look at most controls , they 've got more buttons than this . the on-off button , it 's it 's a necessity . the volume and channel buttons , you need you obviously need those those . the mute button could be replaced uh by pressing the volume-down button twice . i think the help button really is necessary because there 's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does . uh , or you can build in uh when you press uh one button uh uh you ca n't leave out the number buttons i guess . uh teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary . so it 's rather basic already . just n normal plain buttons . but they 're supposed to be equal sized , round , with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume , the the triangle and stuff . and for the materials we 've just chosen for rubber buttons . with a a different colour than the case . and we can keep our l _ c _ d _ screen , which can provide extra information . how to use the scroll wheel . how to use the other bu buttons as subtitles .", "summary": "abstract: along with buttons for numbers , channel selector , volume , mute , on-off , teletext , and subtitles , the prototype included an lcd screen and a help button for functional information ."}
{"dialogue": "i will move on to the finance part , and i can tell you that we 're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half euros . i do n't know if i 've filled in correctly , so just correct me if you see uh something wrong . i counted two batteries . but maybe we can also use one . since it rechargeable . that 's two euros off . <laugh> we need the advanced chip . <other> here we have the single curves . uh we can see that the difference between uncurved and the single curved is one euro . um , but i think the single curved is good for design , and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control . then we have the case material supplements . it 's plastic . it 's the cheapest one we need . but then the biggest costs are the buttons . so maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to uh keep our costs low . let 's fir first count the buttons we have now . uh seventeen . uh with the help button . i think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long .", "summary": "abstract: one rechargable battery , single-curve form and plastic case , brought the total cost to 17 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "or we can leave out the ten buttons and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers . if you scroll you will see the numbers on the l _ c _ d _ display . until you 've got the right number , then you push it . that would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also . integrated scroll-wheel push-button . but then you you can push uh some other button as well . yeah . that 's right . so if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second , then it g turns to that channel .", "summary": "abstract: to reduce this cost , it was decided to replace most buttons with a scrollwheel ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . uh , d i assume you 'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each , ca n't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ? i think so . yeah . with only five buttons on it . and a scroll-wheel . holding a remote with <other> which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . and just umif you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel . so we make one for the volume , one for the channel . plus scroll . we can leave the teletext in if we want . so we can decrease this one to four buttons .", "summary": "abstract: the remaining buttons were one for channel selection , one for volume ( both assisted by the scrollwheel ) , teletext , on-off and the help button ."}
{"dialogue": "if we 're n gon na make a scroll-button anyway it 'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . so maybe we should just re-focus . just put it on the market for everybody .", "summary": "abstract: a suggestion to target the product to a younger or perhaps more general group was met with approval ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . i was thinking , maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button . or we can leave out the ten buttons and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers .", "summary": "abstract: all these components were re-arranged in a revised prototype ."}
{"dialogue": "i did some literature study study , and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier . translated it into criteria , um , is the remote fancy ? the shape , look and feel . innovative ? what new functions are there ? uh , easy to use ? uh , learnability is a very important factor here . uh , is it functional ? and the cost . the target group . is the remote really for the group we 're making it for ? i have to say this was a little hard , because the minutes of our last meeting were not here . that 's because my pen failed to upload his data . is the design fancy , on a scale of one to seven ? we all go for six ? um , is the design innovative ? i think so , seven ? is the design easy to use ? mm . not really . i would say four . four or five between . between four or five . is it functional ? yes . do we have too many functions ? no . think it 's uh seven . and do we um take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control ? like it getting lost andr _ s _ i _ influences ? mm , we have n't thought of that one . think we do . are the production costs within the preset limits ? they are now . does the design fit the group of focus ? i think that 's a three . i think with our new radio button , i think it 's uh i think it 's better . <other> i stilli think it 's too m too fancy . too too flashy . i would give it a four . i think i 'd go for two . we have the logo there . these are seven factors times seven is forty something . two ? forty one out of forty nine . that'saround eighty percent . i think that 's a pretty nice score .", "summary": "abstract: it was evaluated on a scale from 1 to 7 on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design ( 6 ) , technological innovation ( 4 ) , functionality ( 7 ) , consideration of the target group ( 3 ) ."}
{"dialogue": "is the company company recognisable ? yes it is . and they wan na put fashion in their products . uh in the slogan of the company . and we have the removable front cases .", "summary": "abstract: the remote was also recognisable as a fashionable real reaction product ."}
{"dialogue": "that brings us to the project evaluation . did we move through the right phases , you think ? <other> along the process ? think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier . in the design phase . so lack of information about prices . the tasks are very structured ,", "summary": "abstract: the project process was deemed well-structured , although everyone thought it would have been better had they known the component prices at an earlier stage ."}
{"dialogue": "was there room for creativity ? not too much . <laugh> no . <laugh> it 's because of the finance sheet . yeah . yeah , there w there was enough room , but the finance uh and i would 've liked to go for the younger users also . and just to be able to access internet and get something of your own . was it clear what everybody had to do uh according to their roles and functions ? yeah ? teamwork ? did it work out ? working together ? also , youtwo of you with the uh last phase ?", "summary": "abstract: teamword and leadership were good , but room for creativity impeded by budget constraints ."}
{"dialogue": "i think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire . i think . <other> i think i 'm going to make our final presentation now . <laugh> and then i will be back in about ten minutes to show you the final presentation . summary of the project . are we supposed to go into our own rooms again ? uh maybe we have to fill uh another questionnaire .", "summary": "action: the project manager will prepare the final presentation , while the rest of the group will fill in a questionnaire ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: the prototype will use a rechargable battery ."}
{"dialogue": "i still think we should go for the single curve design .", "summary": "decisions: the case will be plastic and will be made in single-curve form ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: five buttons are going to be used: one for channel selection , one for volume ( both assisted by the scrollwheel ) , teletext , on-off and help button ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: these would be made of rubber in a colour different from that of the case ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "decisions: their functionality will be enriched by the use of a scrollwheel ( going up or down the channel list , changing the volume , etc . ) ."}
{"dialogue": "so we make one for the volume , one for the channel . plus scroll . ca n't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ?", "summary": "decisions: standard buttons like the ones for teletext shortcuts were considered superfluous ."}
{"dialogue": "if you scroll you will see the numbers on the l _ c _ d _ display . and we can keep our l _ c _ d _ screen , which can provide extra information . how to use the scroll wheel . how to use the other bu buttons as subtitles .", "summary": "decisions: an lcd screen will be providing functional information , and context tips when using the scrollwheel ."}
{"dialogue": "if we 're n gon na make a scroll-button anyway it 'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . so maybe we should just re-focus . just put it on the market for everybody .", "summary": "decisions: the revised prototype will probably be targeted to a younger one , or even across the population ."}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": ""}
{"dialogue": "", "summary": "problems: the final cost of the prototype was probably slightly over the specified 12 . 50 euros ."}
{"dialogue": "maybe it 's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little . but uh we have to stick to the twelve and a half euros . i 'd rather just go to the board and get us to spend <laugh> eighteen dollars a a remote .", "summary": "problems: raising the budget was not an option , although it was promoted as an idea throughout the meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "only the docking station , i guess . which is n't thethe docking station is n't even in this c s schematic . it 's not even taken into the price .", "summary": "problems: it is not clear whether the budget will allow for a docking station to be produced along with the remote , as it is n't included in the costing sheet ."}
{"dialogue": "but then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , who do n't even know what a scroll-wheel is . with only five buttons on it . and a scroll-wheel . holding a remote with <other> which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . i think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . this will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell . 'cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff . this is not familiar for them . but they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels .", "summary": "problems: the non-standard interface ( few buttons , scrollwheel ) makes the remote unsuitable for older people - the original target group ."}
{"dialogue": "but then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , who do n't even know what a scroll-wheel is . i think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . but they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels . 'cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff . this is not familiar for them .", "summary": "problems: it was suspected that many would not know how to use a scrollwheel , even though it does resemble a radio tuning button ."}
