A:  This is our functional design meeting . 
A:  our agenda today um  
A:  Um . I'm gonna do an opening , 
A:  did you all get the minutes ? 
A:  I e-mailed them to you . 
A:  I'm also putting 'em  them in the shared folder . 
A:  So um then I  we'll talk about our general objectives 
A:  and have your three presentations . 
A:  Um I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received , 
A:  and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions . 
A:  Uh we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the  functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda.

D:  I don't know if you guys are able to get access to um the report that was online 
D:  or if I'm the only one who is . 
D:  we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked . 
D:  They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab 
D:  and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had . 
D:  Focusing on their desires , um people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly <laugh> , 
D:  seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that 
D:  more importantly though , eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote . 
D:  and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age , 
D:  so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition , 
D:  That being people k um frustrated with losing their remotes . 
D:  I think , over fifty percent of the people mentioned that that was their biggest frustration . 
D:  People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote 
D:  and I think that ties back to what you were saying before 
D:  just that there's too many buttons , 
D:  It also mentioned something called R_S_I_ 
D:  and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is , 
C:  Repetitive strain injury . 
D:  So I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing , people do not like that , 
D:  Um looking at the needs people specified , the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour . 
D:  People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote . 
D:  People also zap like to change the channel , about um sixty five per cent during an hour of use . 
D:  So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings , the screen settings and the channel settings , 
D:  the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up 
D:  although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were , 
D:  also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote 
D:  make sure that , you know , something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often . 
D:  And basically in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like , 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of the appearance and use of remotes, finding that users wanted fancier looking remotes, disliked losing their remotes, wanted remotes with fewer buttons, frequently use the channel changing and volume buttons, and that younger users wanted speech recognition.

C:  I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control um . 
C:  We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is . 
C:  It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television , 
C:  it sends a message to the television 
C:  First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications . 
C:  so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does , 
C:  and what the end-user is gonna want from this product . 
C:  a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing uh several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product , 
C:  um and then uh trying to get some feedback uh about 
C:  h how well these particular prototypes work , 
C:  When a users using a remote control , he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places . 
C:  So in some sense we're gonna we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design 
C:  But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas 
C:  Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities . 
C:  Uh the first of these is is technological 
C:  uh we need to find a balance between features and price . 
C:  things like voice recognition would would add to the price 
C:  uh but it would also im improve the design of the product . 
C:  Um personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple , 
C:  uh it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often , changing the volume , changing the channel . 
C:  that's ergonomically designed . 
C:  I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool . 
abst_sum - abstract: The user interface designer described how a remote works and how to go about designing one.

C:  I had a look on the  on the web uh to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls . 
C:  In analysing these we can consider what what things  what's good about them , 
C:  um how we can improve on the designs that that that I found 
C:  Here's two examples uh probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum . 
C:  Um on the left here we've got uh an engineering-based design for a remote control , 
C:  so it's one that's got lots of buttons , 
C:  The one on the right is a lot more basic . 
C:  It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it , 
C:  Uh there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control . 
C:  everything you might possibly want to do is there , 
abst_sum - abstract: He presented two remotes currently on the market and the advantages and disadvantages to each design.

B:  this is our working design presentation . 
B:  Um I had a bit of  some issues with this , 
B:  because I wasn't able to find everything I needed , 
B:  what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function . 
B:  Um one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder . 
B:  because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans 
B:  because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work . 
B:  So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function . 
B:  the findings that I got uh very  just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver 
B:  and in my opinion infra-red is the best way to do that 
B:  Um the user interface is critical here , 
B:  because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls  that converts the electrical energy into data , 
B:  the components that we find here are the energy source , you know the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work , then the chip , which converts the data , the user that's controlling the chip , and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver . 
B:  And <laugh> personal preferences , besides the fact that I can't spell , we need a long-lasting energy source , 
B:  We need a chip that works well with the user interface , 
B:  and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal , 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer described the interior workings of a remote.

A:  requirements . We have a couple new requirements 
A:  but we're not gonna work with teletext 
A:  We didn't bring it up yet , or at all in the meetings so far , 
D:  What's teletext ? 
B:  Uh , it's a British thing . 
C:  I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser . 
C:  this this kind of index appears on the television screen with just some some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it . 
C:  and it gives you information , mostly rather boring stuff like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that kind of thing . 
C:  It's earl it's pretty old technology . 
A:  like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on . 
A:  Um otherwise becomes to complex , 
A:  Um and finally there's more marketing , I think , um , our corporate image has to be recognisable . 
A:  while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design . 
C:  It's  It's kind of yellow colour with uh we put fashion in electronics . 
A:  and we have that  the emphasis on the R_s in um  
A:  Looks like , yeah , kind of a yellow and black 
C:  It's like double R_ . 
A:  we need to talk about our functions and our target group . 
A:  You um in your analysis of different market um  of the marketing , you identified that different groups wanted different things 
B:  if we're gonna say that function um fashion  we put the fashion in in electronics then you  automatically , I think , a sort of younger group that  that's  who's gonna be attracted to this . 
D:  I do think , who's gonna have the money to buy that also , that one ? 
A:  at least right now what we're doing is um deciding on just the remote itself , 
D:  The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation 
D:  so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea . 
B:  that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway , 
A:  that's all specific for speech recognition . 
A:  Are we gonna use that as one of our functions ? 
C:  I I would say no , 
C:  because it's gonna add too much to the price . 
C:  And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises . 
B:  but why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement ? 
B:  Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple 
D:  If someone's looking to buy a new remote , don't they want like an upgrade ? 
A:  or we can look at um user-friendly . 
A:  And we also need to talk about if we're only gonna have the very simple ones 
A:  or also have the other ones just separate somehow 
D:  like if it was just a simple , either this way or this way , 
D:  that had like the main buttons 
D:  and then you could like pull something out , 
D:  'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them , never even have to see them 
A:  what are we emphasising ? I  what in this project ? 
A:  which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional , 
C:  Si simplicity and fashion . 
D:  What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional , 
A:  I think it's a lot <other> to do with battery , 
D:  So 's just the quality of the chip . 
A:  So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ? 
D:  I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing  
A:  S voice recognition , 
D:  And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice , 
D:  like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote 
C:  It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people , 
D:  I mean if I get m more numbers , I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages . 
B:  but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something . 
A:  can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families ? 
A:  It's it's hard to narrow it down . 
C:  I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages . 
C:  so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , you know , people who get scared by having lots of buttons , 
D:  maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age , 
A:  So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is  
A:  do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost ? 
A:  Like a button on a T_V_ you can press 
D:  It would be relevant to like the overall goal I think , 
A:  Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost . 
A:  And <other> we want um we want large buttons for the essential things . 
A:  We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions . 
C:  Which are kind of hidden away in some way 
A:  Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ? 
C:  We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all . 
B:  But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod . 
C:  Yeah , that's that's possible . Yeah . 
B:  that might contribute to less people losing it too if it <laugh> it stays in one place . 
A:  that's <other> that's a good idea , 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion about their target group, the option to include speech recognition, how to find a remote when lost, and batteries.

A:  Um after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries  summary . 
abst_sum - action: Each team member will complete a questionnaire and a summary.

A:  After that we have thirty minutes of individual work . 
abst_sum - action: The team members will spend time on their individual work.

A:  Um I'll make sure to put up um the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides . 
abst_sum - action: The project manager will post the minutes and project documentation.

A:  If everyone could do that as well , that'd be great . 
abst_sum - action: The team members will post their project documentation.

A:  I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept , 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will work on the components concept.

A:  User Interface , the user interface concept , 
abst_sum - action: The user interface designer will work on the user interface concept.

A:  market trend wa watching . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will work on trend watching

A:  We didn't bring it up yet , or at all in the meetings so far , 
A:  but we're not gonna work with teletext 
abst_sum - decisions: The team will not work with teletext.

A:  like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be used only with televisions.

A:  Um and finally there's more marketing , I think , um , our corporate image has to be recognisable . 
A:  while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design . 
abst_sum - decisions: The corporate image must be recognizable on the remote.

C:  Si simplicity and fashion . 
abst_sum - decisions: The team's design will focus on simplicity and fashion.

C:  Si simplicity and fashion . 
C:  I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages . 
C:  so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , you know , people who get scared by having lots of buttons , 
D:  maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age , 
A:  So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is  
abst_sum - decisions: Rather than define a specific target group by age, the team will define objectives such as fashion and simplicity instead.

A:  Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will contain a function to aid in its recovery when lost.

A:  And <other> we want um we want large buttons for the essential things . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have large buttons for essential functions.

A:  We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have a possibility to get extra functions.

D:  'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them , never even have to see them 
D:  and then you could like pull something out , 
D:  that had like the main buttons 
D:  like if it was just a simple , either this way or this way , 
C:  Which are kind of hidden away in some way 
abst_sum - decisions: The buttons for extra, infrequently used functions will be hidden in the design in some manner.

A:  that's <other> that's a good idea , 
B:  But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have a charging station.

B:  if we're gonna say that function um fashion  we put the fashion in in electronics then you  automatically , I think , a sort of younger group that  that's  who's gonna be attracted to this . 
D:  I do think , who's gonna have the money to buy that also , that one ? 
D:  The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation 
D:  so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea . 
B:  that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway , 
A:  So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ? 
D:  I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing  
A:  S voice recognition , 
B:  but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something . 
A:  can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families ? 
A:  It's it's hard to narrow it down . 
abst_sum - problems: Deciding on a target group.

A:  Are we gonna use that as one of our functions ? 
C:  I I would say no , 
C:  because it's gonna add too much to the price . 
C:  And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises . 
D:  And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice , 
D:  like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote 
C:  It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people , 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to include speech recognition in the design of the remote.

A:  which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional , 
D:  What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional , 
A:  I think it's a lot <other> to do with battery , 
D:  So 's just the quality of the chip . 
abst_sum - problems: How to make infra-red more functional.

A:  Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ? 
C:  We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all . 
B:  But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod . 
C:  Yeah , that's that's possible . Yeah . 
B:  that might contribute to less people losing it too if it <laugh> it stays in one place . 
abst_sum - problems: What sort of battery to use.

