A:  This is our functional design meeting . 

A:  our agenda today um  

A:  Um . I'm gonna do an opening , 

A:  did you all get the minutes ? 

A:  Uh we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the  functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function . 

D:  I don't know if you guys are able to get access to um the report that was online 

D:  How do I hook my screen up ? 

C:  there's a wee a wee plug just just that one there 

C:  And then you have to press function F_ eight 

B:  I I think you just have to push it in really hard . 

D:  we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked . 

D:  They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab 

D:  and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had . 

D:  Focusing on their desires , um people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly <laugh> , 

D:  more importantly though , eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote . 

D:  and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age , 

D:  That being people k um frustrated with losing their remotes . 

D:  It also mentioned something called R_S_I_ 

C:  Repetitive strain injury . 

D:  So I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing , people do not like that , 

D:  Um looking at the needs people specified , the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour . 

D:  People also zap like to change the channel , about um sixty five per cent during an hour of use . 

D:  the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up 

D:  also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote 

D:  make sure that , you know , something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often . 

C:  I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control um . 

C:  it sends a message to the television 

C:  First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications . 

C:  so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does , 

C:  and what the end-user is gonna want from this product . 

C:  a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing uh several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product , 

C:  When a users using a remote control , he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places . 

C:  But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas 

C:  Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities . 

C:  uh we need to find a balance between features and price . 

C:  things like voice recognition would would add to the price 

C:  I had a look on the  on the web uh to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls . 

C:  um how we can improve on the designs that that that I found 

C:  Here's two examples uh probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum . 

C:  The one on the right is a lot more basic . 

C:  It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it , 

C:  Uh there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control . 

C:  everything you might possibly want to do is there , 

C:  Um personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple , 

C:  uh it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often , changing the volume , changing the channel . 

C:  that's ergonomically designed . 

C:  I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool . 

D:  did it let you go on the Internet 

C:  Uh that was just on the d on the company web site , yeah . 

D:  and then I'm like wait <laugh> it won't let me google . <laugh> 

B:  this is our working design presentation . 

B:  what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function . 

B:  because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans 

B:  because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work . 

B:  So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function . 

B:  the findings that I got uh very  just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver 

B:  Um the user interface is critical here , 

B:  the components that we find here are the energy source , you know the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work , then the chip , which converts the data , the user that's controlling the chip , and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver . 

B:  And <laugh> personal preferences , besides the fact that I can't spell , we need a long-lasting energy source , 

B:  We need a chip that works well with the user interface , 

B:  and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal , 

A:  requirements . We have a couple new requirements 

A:  but we're not gonna work with teletext 

A:  We didn't bring it up yet , or at all in the meetings so far , 

D:  What's teletext ? 

B:  Uh , it's a British thing . 

C:  I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser . 

C:  this this kind of index appears on the television screen with just some some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it . 

C:  and it gives you information , mostly rather boring stuff like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that kind of thing . 

C:  It's earl it's pretty old technology . 

A:  like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on . 

A:  Um and finally there's more marketing , I think , um , our corporate image has to be recognisable . 

A:  while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design . 

C:  It's  It's kind of yellow colour with uh we put fashion in electronics . 

A:  and we have that  the emphasis on the R_s in um  

A:  Looks like , yeah , kind of a yellow and black 

C:  It's like double R_ . 

A:  we need to talk about our functions and our target group . 

A:  You um in your analysis of different market um  of the marketing , you identified that different groups wanted different things 

B:  if we're gonna say that function um fashion  we put the fashion in in electronics then you  automatically , I think , a sort of younger group that  that's  who's gonna be attracted to this . 

D:  I do think , who's gonna have the money to buy that also , that one ? 

A:  at least right now what we're doing is um deciding on just the remote itself , 

D:  The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation 

D:  so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea . 

B:  that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway , 

A:  that's all specific for speech recognition . 

C:  I I would say no , 

C:  And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises . 

B:  but why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement ? 

D:  If someone's looking to buy a new remote , don't they want like an upgrade ? 

A:  or we can look at um user-friendly . 

A:  And we also need to talk about if we're only gonna have the very simple ones 

D:  like if it was just a simple , either this way or this way , 

D:  that had like the main buttons 

D:  'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them , never even have to see them 

A:  what are we emphasising ? I  what in this project ? 

C:  Si simplicity and fashion . 

A:  which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional , 

D:  What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional , 

A:  I think it's a lot <other> to do with battery , 

D:  So 's just the quality of the chip . 

A:  So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ? 

D:  I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing  

A:  S voice recognition , 

D:  And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice , 

C:  It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people , 

D:  I mean if I get m more numbers , I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages . 

B:  but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something . 

A:  can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families ? 

A:  It's it's hard to narrow it down . 

C:  I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages . 

C:  so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , you know , people who get scared by having lots of buttons , 

D:  maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age , 

A:  So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is  

A:  do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost ? 

D:  It would be relevant to like the overall goal I think , 

A:  Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost . 

A:  We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions . 

C:  Which are kind of hidden away in some way 

A:  Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ? 

C:  We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all . 

B:  But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod . 

C:  Yeah , that's that's possible . Yeah . 

B:  that might contribute to less people losing it too if it <laugh> it stays in one place . 

A:  that's <other> that's a good idea , 

A:  Um after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries  summary . 

A:  After that we have thirty minutes of individual work . 

A:  I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept , 

A:  Be sure to note any frustrations or any um issues that come up in your um in your um summary . 

D:  were you able to like put yours in the group folder ? 

B:  Hopefully it is there for people . 

B:  in there we have technical functions presentation , working design presentation and the functional requirements . 

