A:  <other> Good to see you all again . Let's see if that comes up . This is our functional design meeting . Um . Just a sec while my PowerPoint comes up . Et voila . Okay . Mm um we put the fashion in electronics . Let's start . Okay , our agenda today um  just check the time , it's twelve thirteen . Um . I'm gonna do an opening , talk about um  did you all get the minutes ? I e-mailed them to you . I'm also putting 'em  them in the shared folder . So um then I  we'll talk about our general objectives and have your three presentations . Um I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received , and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions . Finally we'll just close . We're starting this meeting at approximately twelve thirteen and we have forty minutes . So  
C:  Yep . 
B:  Right . 


A:  First of all the functional design objectives . Uh we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the  functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function . 


A:  Okay , three presentations , um you can go in any order you choose um . 
D:   Mm shall we go in the order that you just did it ? 
A:  Sure , please do . 


D:  I dunno . How do I hook my screen up ? 
B:  I think , you might have to disconnect Rose . 
A:  Yes I do . Yeah . 
C:  Well there's a wee a wee plug just just that one there 
D:  Where does it go ? Mm-hmm . Hmm , I'm not supposed to move this , but  
C:  <laugh> Ah that's it , yep . 
D:   
C:  And then you have to press function F_ eight I think it is on your laptop . 
A:  Function , F_ eight , yeah . 
D:  Where's function ? 
A:  The blue one , F_N_ . 
D:  No signal . 
A:  Is it plugged in all the way and you screwed it in and  
D:  Ah , wait , 's screw in . 
B:  Yeah . I I think you just have to push it in really hard . 
D:  Push the screw . 
C:  That's it . 
B:  Oh , got it . 
A:  Mm 'kay . It's taking it a little bit  
D:  Mm alright I've never attached to anything . 
B:  Mm , neither have I . 
A:  'Kay there you go . 


D:  Alright , so , I don't know if you guys are able to get access to um the report that was online or if I'm the only one who is . 
B:  Alright . 
D:  Alright . So we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked . Um I guess Real Reaction did some market research . They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab and they watched them watch T_V_ and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had . 
B:  Hmm . 


A:  Thank you very much . That was that was great . Um <other> 's move on to the next presentation um on effects . Was that you ? Great . 


B:  Mm 'kay . 
D:  Hmm . Yeah , have I unscrewed it ? 
A:  Push . User interface , right . Interface . 
D:  Here we go . 
C:  Cheers . 
D:  Mm-hmm . And I think that's in the shared , if I did it right , if anyone wants to look at it . 
A:  Mm 'kay , thank you . 
B:  Okay , great . 
D:  <cough> 
A:  Okay . 
C:  Here we go . 


C:  Right so I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control um . We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is . It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television , so i it's basically a communication device . We we tell the remote control what we want to do , it sends a message to the television saying change the channel , change the volume , uh yeah , adjust these settings , adjust the brightness . Um how do we actually go about designing a new television remote control ? First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications . We need to know what our final product is gonna be like , so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does , uh how it works , and what the end-user is gonna want from this product . Um . Oh , a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing uh several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product , um and then uh trying to get some feedback uh about 
D:  <cough> 
C:  h how well these particular prototypes work , uh sorta find out what people think of 'em . Um using a remote control is is quite a subjective experience . Um , 
A:  Hmm . 
C:  and different different people sort of prefer different things . Um we should remember that remote controls are a a fairly standard piece of equipment . When a users using a remote control , he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places . So in some sense we're gonna we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design uh so that we're not completely shocking people . But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas uh and to make something that's that's perhaps a little bit different , something that stands out . Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities . Uh the first of these is is technological ye uh what can we do with the current state of technology as it is . The second is is economic , uh we need to find a balance between features and price . So as you mentioned things like voice recognition would would add to the price uh but it would also im improve the design of the product . 
A:  Hmm . 
C:  Um as I said before , remote controls are subjective , different people want want different things . Um personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple , it it's easy to use , uh it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often , changing the volume , changing the channel . It it does everything that I need it to uh , as I said before , I'm quite lazy , I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television . I also want something that that looks cool , um and that that feels good , that's ergonomically designed . 


A:  Mm 'kay . Thank you very much . That was very useful . <laugh> It's funny to see the <other> drastic difference between those two remotes . <other> Um . 
B:  Hmm . 
A:  And neither of them were very pretty , you know ? 
D:  No . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . I think that could be our selling point . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  A fashion fashion remote . 
C:  I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool . And I think that's that's why companies like Apple've 've 've made a lot of progress . 
B:  Right . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 


B:  Hmm . Right , I really can't see what I'm doing , so does anyone have a  
D:  Yeah . 
A:  You  there it is . 
B:  Ah-ha , look at that , showing up already . 
A:  Lovely . 
D:  So wait , did it let you go on the Internet or was that just what it let you see ? 
C:  Uh that was just on the d on the company web site , yeah . 
D:  Okay . 'Cause I was like googling and then I'm like wait <laugh> it won't let me google . <laugh> 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Alright um  No , how do I play again ? 
A:  Um the  it's right above Draw . There are three thingy if  it's way at the bottom . Under three icons and it's the one that looks like a desk . Yeah , that one . There are Y_s  . 
B:  Ah . 


B:  Okay . So this is our working design presentation . Um I had a bit of  some issues with this , because I wasn't able to find everything I needed , but I guess that's  we're still in early stages . Um so , yeah , this is this . Though th the thing about working design is the  what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function . Um one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder . It works because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans and then you put the bean through a filter and that filters out , and then you get coffee at the end that's nice and hot because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work . Don't know if I'm explaining that very well , but  how do I get to the next s ah . So h the method as um working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function , what what needs to be done and how do we convert all the elements to make that done . So wha the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points 
D:  <cough> 
B:  at which you need something to happen . So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function . And then I think the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately . So um  Uh . Uh . 
A:  You just press  yeah , just click . That'll be fine . 
B:  Um alright . So you have your energy source , your user interface who's controlling the chip , the chip also uses the energy , and the chip through the use of the user interface is gonna control the switch which will work your infra-red bulb , which will then bring the data to the receiver . So hopefully that makes sense for everyone in my kind of garbled way . This is the the parts of the working design that need to be figured out . And <laugh> personal preferences , besides the fact that I can't spell , we need a long-lasting energy source , people don't wanna be changing it a lot . We need a chip that works well with the user interface , that isn't too complicated . 
A:  <laugh> There we are . 
D:  <cough> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  We need a straightforward interface , like Ian was saying , simple , not overwhelming it with information and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal , so that you're not waving your remote around and having to get frustrated and go do it by hands . So that's pretty much it for the working design . 


A:  Mm-hmm . Excellent .  So , um . 
B:  Rose , do you think you can give me a hand with this ? 
A:  Yes , absolutely . Ah I can never tell which way to turn these things . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Lefty loosey , righty tighty , right ? <laugh> Lefty loosey , righty tighty . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  What's up ? 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Lefty loosey . Uh . <laugh> Never heard that before , that's good . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <other> Oh yes . 
D:  <cough> 
C:  I'll think of that every time now . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  It's gonna stick in your head . 
D:  Yeah , that's a good one it'll stick with you . 
A:  Mm 'kay . Um I have nothing on my screen . Just a sec . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Here we are . 
B:  Ooh , no signal . 
A:  Okay , yeah , it's fine . 


A:  Okay , requirements . We have a couple new requirements that I was just e-mailed right before the meeting and that we have to keep in in um in mind as we're creating this . We didn't bring it up yet , or at all in the meetings so far , but we're not gonna work with teletext because um  well it  that's been taken over by the internet , so we're not gonna worry about um  we're not gonna worry about that . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  Okay um , well , we're not gonna  the management has decided we're not gonna work with that . Um  
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay um and we're also gonna w like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on . Um otherwise becomes to complex , we wanna get this out um very quickly . We only have a a short amount of time . 
C:  Right . 
B:  'Kay . 
A:  Um and finally there's more marketing , I think , um , our corporate image has to be recognisable . So while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design . 
B:  Mm . 
C:  So what's our corporate image like ? It's  It's kind of yellow colour with uh we put fashion in electronics . 
A:  Looks like , yeah , kind of a yellow and black and we have that  the emphasis on the R_s in um  mm-hmm . 
C:  It's like double R_ . Yeah . 
A:  But it's , yeah , we put the um fashion in electronics . So we gotta keep that in that in mind . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay , so we want something that looks good 
A:  Yep . Yep . 
B:  and is yellow . 
A:  Yeah , or <laugh> ha maybe some buttons could be yellow . Like , we can we can play around with it a little bit . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  Um . 


A:  Okay , we need to talk about our functions and our target group . We need to decide who our target group is . You um in your analysis of different market um  of the marketing , you identified that different groups wanted different things or had certain preferences , for example that um that older people didn't really care for um voice recognition , but younger people did . Um and so who are we aiming this at ? 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
B:  Well if we're gonna say that function um fashion  we put the fashion in in electronics then you  automatically , I think , a sort of younger group that  that's  who's gonna be attracted to this . 
D:  <cough> Yes , I do think , who's gonna have the money to buy that also , that one ? 
A:  Mm-hmm . It's gonna be twenty five Euro remember , so um it has to be avai marketable to um whomever it is . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Is it  is it something that's gonna be sold separately from the television or is it something that comes w with a television ? 'Cause that would affect the way that we market it . 
A:  Well at least right now what we're doing is um deciding on just the remote itself , so it will probably be sold separately , twenty five Euro by itself . 
C:  Right . Right , okay . 
D:  The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation and basically there's a big jump , after thirty five people don't really care if it has voice , so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea . I dunno I'm gonna be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later , but if that's sort of the only quality that we have that is divided into age then we would wanna stick between the fifteen and thirty five range . 
B:  Mm-hmm . Yeah , that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway , so that might be a fairly good target group for us . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  <cough> 


A:  Now , those are  that's all specific for speech recognition . Are we gonna use that as one of our functions ? 
C:  Um . 
B:  Mm . 
C:  I I would say no , because it's gonna add too much to the price . Especially if we are marketing it as a separate product , people are gonna be paying uh , well , uh we've got a price limit of  was it twelve twelve and a half Euros for  to produce it ? And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm . 
B:  To produce it , yeah . 
A:  To produce it , yes . Mm . 
D:  But what else are we gonna put , I mean not that I'm really gung-ho about it , I don't know what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though . So like other than just making it look good , how is it  I mean it can look really great and still have the same up-n-down buttons and why's anyone gonna buy a new remote ? 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Hmm . But  right . Well but why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement ? Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple and that doesn't necessarily mean more technology , in fact it could use  it could mean , not . If <other>  they might be overwhelmed with with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  That's a good thing to keep in mind . 
D:  If someone's looking to buy a new remote , don't they want like an upgrade ? I dunno . 
A:  Upgrade ? Well , we can look for  we can look at upgrade or we can look at um user-friendly . 
B:  Yeah , simplification . They could have a crap remote that came with their T_V_ that's just impossible to use , or maybe it broke , or maybe they're just missing it . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Simplification , so  
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Uh-huh , mm . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Um we have to be careful that that that doesn't impede um the chip transmitting information , but um that's gonna be mostly technological thing . Um . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Good point . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 


A:  Okay um , so what are we emphasising ? I  what in this project ? 
C:  Si simplicity and fashion . 
D:  I think simplicity , fashion . 
A:  Simplicity and fashion . 
B:  Yeah mm . 
A:  Okay , those are very good goals , I think , um that we have to keep in mind in  with everything we do . Simplicity and fashion and , yeah ,  or usability speci however you wanna say that , which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional , so that you don't have to travel around a lot . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
A:  Um . 


A:  So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ? 
D:  Well , I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing  
A:  S voice recognition , which I kind of I kind of feel like voice recognition is not necessary in a remote control , like it might be necessary for a T_V_ but not for the remote c , you know . Seems a little bit  
D:  Yeah . Yeah . I don't . 
C:  It's , yeah , it's pretty it's pretty high-tech . 
B:  Mm-mm . Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah , and it might be too expensive . 
C:   
D:  And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice , like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote you'd just talk to your T_V_ . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . <laugh> 
C:  It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people , who can't even be bothered to pick up the remote . 
B:  Ooh . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm yeah . Maybe  I mean if I get m more numbers , I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages . But this doesn't divide up anything and there was only a hundred subjects also , which isn't , I mean , really isn't that representative , especially if it's a hundred subjects that th they then can subdivide into age groups that means there's very few in each age group , so  
B:  I 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Mm-hmm . Yeah , but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something . 
D:   
A:  Under sixty five , okay , that's a good start . Um . 
C:  Yep . 
A:  I'd say we're  uh can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families ? 'Cause that would go up to like fifty ? 
B:  Or like single professionals or something . 
D:  Twenty to like fifty five . 
A:  Okay , single  
B:  Yeah . 
D:  I dunno . 
A:  It's it's hard to narrow it down . 
B:  It's really hard to figure out right now . 
C:  I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages . I mean , we we said simplicity is is one of the features , so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , you know , people who get scared by having lots of buttons , and that might be older people , but then we've also got fashion , which is something that definitely appeals to younger people . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Okay . Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Well maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age , maybe we can define it by like the demographic of 
A:  Right . 
D:  like h t how much money they have to spend or something like that , like , well obviously it has to be someone who owns a television , and like how recently have they bought their television like that sort of thing . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah aim for a  an income group . 
B:  That's a good point . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Mm . 
A:  So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is  because , yeah , things so different will appeal to different people , but  
B:  Yeah , t probably . 
C:  Yeah . 


A:  Okay . Um oh , there're a couple functions  
A:  Okay , we have to  we have about four minutes left to define our functions . So let's do that quickly . Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost . 
C:  Yep . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Alright . 
A:  Okay , do it . Any other essential functions that we need ? 
A:  Okay . Um 'kay we're gonna conclude now , has everyone said their functions and  'kay . 
C:  Yep . 


A:  Um after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries  summary . I don't know what summarisation . Um and then we'll have our lunch break . After that we have thirty minutes of individual work . Um I'll make sure to put up um the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides . If everyone could do that as well , that'd be great . Um you each have individual actions , I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept , User Interface , the user interface concept , market trend wa watching . And as as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you . And hopefully , I hope , next time you'll be able to access more of the web site that they they seem to tell you that you could . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , who knows . 
A:  It's kinda frustrating , but um  Be sure to note any frustrations or any um issues that come up in your um in your um summary . 
B:  Okay 
A:  Mm 'kay ? 
B:  Sounds good . 
A:  Great seeing y'all . 


A:  <other> <laugh> 
D:  It's good . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Did you um  were you able to like put yours in the group folder ? Okay . 
B:  Yes , I just did that . Hopefully it is there for people . Yeah ? 
D:  Yep . 
A:  Looks like there are um  looks like there's a second one kind of of mine that's  that I didn't do , it's from like an earlier project , I think so um  
B:  Yeah . Okay . 
D:  Where is that ? Yours is  
A:  Under the shared folder , I don't know it might not even be under yours as well . Projects . 
B:  Technical . So in there we have technical functions presentation , working design presentation and the functional requirements . At least that's what I have in . 
D:  I only have three , I just have like our three . Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , that's what I have as well , R Rose  So . 
A:  Okay . You don't have mine ? 
D:  No , but that's 'cause I think yours is in the e-mail separate , like it's not on the server . 
A:  S 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  But if I open it and then save it , probably will be there . Oh wait , never mind you can't save it to the  
A:  Okay . Well I'll figure that out in the meantime . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Okay . 


