A:  It's the conceptual design meeting . 
A:  And a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components . Uh conceptual specification of design . And also trend-watching . 
A:  Um but first I'll show you the agenda . 
A:  Uh first the opening . 
A:  Then we have three presentations . 
A:  Uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts . 
A:  Then a little uh thing about the last meeting . 
A:  Uh these are the points um we agreed on . The requirements and the target market . 
A:  Uh requirements are uh teletext , docking station , audio signal , small screen , with some extras that uh button information . 
A:  And we are going to use default materials . 
A:  And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers . 
A:  um I suggest let's get started with the presentations . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting and recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting.

D:  I'm uh gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days . 
D:  Um we've done some market research . 
D:  We distributed some more enquetes , questionnaires . 
D:  And um besides that um I deployed some trend-watchers to Milan and Paris to well get all of the newest trends . 
D:  Um most important thing is the fancy design . 
D:  Um the research indicated that that was by far the most important factor . 
D:  Um innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design . 
D:  By innovativeness this means um functions which are not featured in other remote controls . 
D:  Um about half of , half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use . 
D:  Um for our um group , we're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old , this is um , these factors are slightly more equal . 
D:  Uh the older people prefer dark colours . 
D:  Uh they like recognisable shapes , and familiar material . 
D:  And our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people . 
D:  Um this leads us to some personal preferences . 
D:  Uh the remote control and the docking station should uh blend in in the in the room . 
D:  Um so this would mean no uh eye-catching designs . 
D:  Just keep it simple 
D:  the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest , 
D:  because this would be the  These would uh be the innovativeness in the remote control . 
D:  Um well the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be , the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped . 
D:  So you could imagine that uh the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station . 
D:  This is pretty much a new shape to uh older people . 
D:  So they would prefer uh a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station . 
D:  Um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions , one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel , and one with a grey-black colour . 
D:  The wood-like for the more uh exclusive people . People with more money . 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert discussed his personal preferences for the design of the remote and presented the results of trend-watching reports, which indicated that there is a need for products which are fancy, innovative, easy to use, in dark colors, in recognizable shapes, and in a familiar material like wood.

B:   uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface . 
B:  Um the uh last meeting uh we had a about um uh using a f few buttons . 
B:  that's w what I what I want to uh uh to do in uh our design . 
B:  just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions . 
B:  finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control . Um the uh  I found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition . 
B:  only uh buttons uh for uh sound , um for uh on-off , um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down . 
B:   we uh need some uh new a attractive functions 
B:  it's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles . 
B:  overall um user-friendly . 
B:  using uh large large buttons . Um  
B:  It's uh possible to uh uh to make um quite cheap uh system for uh speech uh recognition . 
B:  Um you can think about um uh when you lost your um remote control , you can uh call it and um it gives an um sig signal . 
B:  And and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something , you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off 
B:  Television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh . Um  
B:  I was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles , 
B:  um just one button to keep it uh simple . 
B:  Uh one push on the button uh you get uh uh small uh subtitles . 
B:  Um double push push um , if double click , um so uh you get uh big uh subtitles , for uh people uh um uh which c f uh who can't uh read small uh subtitles . 
B:  we've got um the buttons we have to use . The on-off , sound on-off , sound higher or lower , um the numbers , uh zero to uh uh nine . Um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel . 
B:  Um also we want to uh use a little d display uh for um for displaying the uh the functions of the buttons . 
B:  And um we can uh build in a function f which uh shows the channel or some uh which the t television is on . 
B:  made a little uh picture of uh it . 
B:  Just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner , 
B:  D display uh of it , it's uh just a small display . 
B:  Uh um you can put it uh on top . 
B:  and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel , um it's uh on place where um the thumb of of the  
abst_sum - abstract: The user interface designer discussed the option to include speech recognition and which functions to include on the remote.

C:  About the components design . 
C:  Um for the energy source we can use a basic battery 
C:  or , a as an optional thing , a kinetic energy , like in a watch , 
C:  But if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete . 
C:  So I don't think it's really an option . 
C:  Uh for the casing , uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing , single or double curved casing . 
C:  It's really up the the design that we're gonna use . 
C:  Uh as a case supplement , we could um , I thought of that l later , uh a rubber uh belt , like a anti-slip . 
C:  Uh for the b buttons , we can use plastic or rubber . 
C:  And the chip-set , um it says simple here , 
C:  but it should be advanced , 
C:  because we're using an L_C_D_ uh screen . 
C:  And as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed , um people like wood , 
C:  but it raises the price 
C:  and it doesn't really fit the image , unless we would start two product lines . 
C:  Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy . 
C:  But depends on what we want . 
C:  Um for the case , uh the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer . 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer discussed which options he preferred for the remote in terms of energy sources, casing, case supplements, buttons, and chips.

A:  that brings us to the discussion about our concepts . 
A:  Um first I think we can talk about the energy source , 
A:  uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , I think . 
C:  We could use the basic normal battery . 
C:  Uh a hand dynamo . 
C:  there there are four options . 
C:  But I don't think that's <laugh> really an option . 
C:  Uh solar cells . 
C:  But not every room is very light 
C:  Or the kinetic energy . 
D:  And how exactly does the kinetic energy work ? 
C:  y you basically shake your remote , and then it powers up . 
D:  personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . 
D:  And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete . 
D:  And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um 
D:  get great popularity for our product . 
D:  you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . 
B:  Uh it's uh just a small display 
B:  so I believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more . 
A:  I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . 
A:  And I don't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms . 
A:  So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place . 
A:  And also what you said . Um you can introduce voice recognition by uh finding back your remote . 
A:  But I think it's um more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station . 
A:  So you have a but button on your docking station which you can push , and then it starts beeping . 
A:  And then we can we can still use the voice recognition , but maybe then for only the the channels . 
D:  I'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price ? 
C:  Mm I don't have any information on pricing . 
D:  Um we also um asked if w they would , if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . 
D:  you can see here , our target group would not do that . 
D:  So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control 
D:  I would greatly advise not to do it . 
C:  But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess . 
C:  It's a bit higher percentage , 
D:  here the question was , would you prefer it . 
D:  And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . 
D:  And I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use . 
A:  I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , I think nobody has anything against it . 
A:  Because it's just uh some extra information , 
A:  Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition . 
A:  If we don't have the voice recognition , it will it won't use a lot of energy to use . Um  
A:  in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , 
A:  but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . 
A:  And much cheaper as well . 
C:  And that's the best choice . 
A:  let me just choose for the battery . 
A:  That brings us to the chip . 
C:  there isn't any choice there 
C:  because we're using the the the the display . 
A:  And then we get to the point of the case . 
A:  Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey . Or both ? 
A:  wood is a lot more expensive to produce . 
A:  Um but I think it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive , 
D:   <cough> And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour . 
A:  But with colour was a lot more expensive ? Or ? 
C:  I'll have to uh research . 
A:  It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape . 
B:  with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the Nokia mobile phones , uh when you can change the case of it . 
B:  Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . 
B:  you have just to make one um standard um remote control , 
A:  I think that's a very good option . 
A:  You can sell the cases . 
A:  and then you can make them with colour . Black and grey , other colours as well . 
D:  We would have to look carefully into the design though . 
A:  Costs . 
D:  I think w we should just , we should then just design one um 
D:  one remote , 
D:  but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one . 
A:  everybody's okay with the changing covers ? 
A:  I think that's a good uh good option . 
D:  Um I heard our Industrial Designer talk about uh flat , single and double curved . 
C:  the the general like most older remotes are flat , just straight . 
D:  And what would single curved and double curved mean ? 
C:  Um it would just only affect the form , for as far as I know . 
A:  It's has to be possible to stand up ? 
A:  Or just only to lie down ? 
D:  just to lie down . 
A:  the interface . What type of interface do we want to use ? 
B:  Uh we can just use the regular form of it , 
D:  Um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side , 
D:  so you could , so your thumb would be easily  
D:  Um I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side . 
D:  For left-handed users also . 
B:  Is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up ? And on the uh other uh <other> uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting , uh for for the sound ? 
D:  but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy , ease of use . 
A:  Can't we make uh  Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same 
A:  No that's not gonna work . I guess . 
A:  But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand ? 
A:  I think the functions are 
A:  that basic that nobody should have any problems with uh choosing a channel 
A:  I think we could just uh leave it a normal shape . 
C:  Let's look at the flat case . 
C:  The the single curved so I'm not really sure what they're gonna look like , but I think it's something like this . 
C:  or better  Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit . 
C:  this type should be better for you 
A:  I suggest um the single curved , 
A:  because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the the screen in . 
B:  the remote control have to um lay in your hand . 
B:  Um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand . 
B:  And to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh  
A:  But I think it's better to put the screen uh on top . 
D:  And I'd prefer the corners to be round . 
B:  But um the on-off button , um still on the top uh  
A:  Then  We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use . 
abst_sum - abstract: The team then discussed and made decisions regarding energy sources, speech recognition, LCD screens, chips, case materials and colors, case shape and orientation, and button orientation.

A:  So check out the corporate website maybe . 
A:  It's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote . 
abst_sum - action: The team members will look at the corporate website.

A:  The user interface design , it's the same story . 
A:  And product evaluation . 
abst_sum - action: The user interface designer will continue with what he has been working on.

A:  So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one . 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer and user interface designer will work together

A:  let me just choose for the battery . 
A:  but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have a docking station.

A:  but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . 
A:  let me just choose for the battery . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will use a conventional battery and a docking station which recharges the battery.

C:  So it's gotta be advanced . 
A:  That brings us to the chip . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will use an advanced chip.

B:  Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . 
A:  I think that's a very good option . 
A:  everybody's okay with the changing covers ? 
A:  I think that's a good uh good option . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will have changeable case covers.

None
abst_sum - decisions: The case covers will be available in wood or plastic.

A:  I suggest um the single curved , 
abst_sum - decisions: The case will be single curved.

A:  uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , I think . 
D:  personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . 
D:  And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete . 
D:  And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um 
D:  get great popularity for our product . 
D:  you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . 
B:  Uh it's uh just a small display 
B:  so I believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more . 
A:  I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . 
A:  And I don't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms . 
A:  So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place . 
A:  in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , 
A:  but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . 
A:  And much cheaper as well . 
C:  And that's the best choice . 
A:  let me just choose for the battery . 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to use kinetic energy or a conventional battery with a docking station which recharges the remote.

A:  Because it's just uh some extra information , 
A:  I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , I think nobody has anything against it . 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to implement an LCD screen on the remote.

C:  But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess . 
C:  It's a bit higher percentage , 
D:  here the question was , would you prefer it . 
D:  And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . 
D:  And I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use . 
A:  I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , I think nobody has anything against it . 
A:  Because it's just uh some extra information , 
A:  Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition . 
abst_sum - problems: Choosing between an LCD screen or speech recognition.

A:  wood is a lot more expensive to produce . 
A:  Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey . Or both ? 
A:  Um but I think it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive , 
D:   <cough> And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour . 
A:  But with colour was a lot more expensive ? Or ? 
C:  I'll have to uh research . 
A:  It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape . 
abst_sum - problems: Using wood for the case.

