A:  Okay . Uh good afternoon . This is our third meeting already . I hope you enjoyed your lunch . <laugh> I did anyway . <laugh> Um let's see . 
D:  Good afternoon . 
A:  Presentation three . Okay this is um the second phase uh we're going to discuss today . It's the conceptual design meeting . And a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components . Uh conceptual specification of design . And also trend-watching . Um these are hopefully the points you addressed in uh your pre uh presentations you're going to show me in a few minutes . Um but first I'll show you the agenda . Uh first the opening . Then we have three presentations . Uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts . How we're going to make it . And then we're closing . We have about forty minutes . Uh so I suggest let's get started . Uh did someone encounter any problems during the preparation ? No ? Everything fine ? That's nice . 
B:  No . 
D:   
A:  Then a little uh thing about the last meeting . Uh these are the points um we agreed on . The requirements and the target market . Uh requirements are uh teletext , docking station , audio signal , small screen , with some extras that uh button information . And we are going to use default materials . Um does somebody have any comments on these requirements ? Maybe ? No ? These are just the the things we thought of , so maybe if you figured something else or thought of something else , just let me know . And maybe we can uh work it out . And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers . So now everybody knows what we're do we're doing , um I suggest let's get started with the presentations . So shall we keep the same uh line-up as uh last time ? 
D:  Sure . I'll start off then . 
A:  Okay . Good luck . <laugh> 
D:  Doh . 


D:  That would be all . 
A:  Okay . Thank you . Any questions about the the trends ? Mayb 
D:  Any questions ? 
B:  Mm no . 
A:  No ? 


A:  Okay , we go on to the next one . 
B:   
A:  <cough> 
B:  Um <other> 'kay um yeah . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  And that's it . 
A:  Uh thank you . <cough> 


C:  Okay . About the components design . Um for the energy source we can use a basic battery or , a as an optional thing , a kinetic energy , like in a watch , which you just shake and it produces energy . But if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete . So I don't think it's really an option . Uh for the casing , uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing , single or double curved casing . It's really up the the design that we're gonna use . It's uh doesn't uh imply any technical restrictions . Uh as a case supplement , we could um , I thought of that l later , uh a rubber uh belt , like a anti-slip . Uh for the b buttons , we can use plastic or rubber . And the chip-set , um it says simple here , but it should be advanced , because we're using an L_C_D_ uh screen . And as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed , um people like wood , but it raises the price and it doesn't really fit the image , unless we would start two product lines . Form should follow function overall . Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy . But depends on what we want . I think we should disc discuss that . Um for the case , uh the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer . And the chip-set uh really should be advanced because otherwise uh it would really be a simple uh remote control . And that's it . 
A:  Okay . Thank you . 


A:  So that brings us to the discussion about our concepts . Mm . 
D:  <cough> 
A:  'Kay . So these are the points we have to discuss . 


A:  Supplements . That's okay . Where's my mouse ? Then  


A:  We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use . So now for the next meeting uh we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design . It's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote . So check out the corporate website maybe . The user interface design , it's the same story . And product evaluation . So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one . But you're going to get your instructions I think sended by the coach . So just um I will put these um minutes on the in the folder . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  And then we're going to uh try to finish our project , and uh make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers , I think . <laugh> Which are  Uh let's see . I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together or  I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first . And then you'll get a message . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  So that's uh basically it . Maybe this one ? Then we can save this one in the folders group . Uh yes , it's here . <other> SMARTboard , there it it . So if you wanna have a look at it , it's over there in the projects folder . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  And then I guess we'll start in thirty minutes again . Thank you . 
D:  Very good . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 


