G:  Sorry , I have to go . 
G:  I was about to ask  
G:  Can I  
G:  You split this by minute , um  so if an overlap straddles  the boundary between two minutes , that counts towards both of those minutes . 
G:  No , but suppose they both talk simultaneously <inbreath>  both a  a portion of it is in minute one and another portion of minute two . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Other - otherwise you 'd get double counts , here and there . 
G:  And then it would be harder  
G:  I  I have a feeling that backchannels , which are the vast majority of overlaps in Switchboard ,  uh , don't play as big a role here , because it 's very unnatural I think , to backchannel if  in a multi - audience  you know , in a multi - person <inbreath>  audience . 
G:  Right . 
G:  But   but , it 's sort of odd if one person 's speaking and everybody 's listening , 
G:  and it 's unusual to have everybody going " uh - huh , uh - huh " 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Plus  plus  plus the  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  So  so actually , um That 's in part because the nodding , if you have visual contact ,  the nodding has the same function , 
G:  but on the phone , in Switchboard <inbreath> you  you  that wouldn't work . 
G:  So <inbreath> so you need to use the backchannel . 
G:  So   so  
G:  Right . 
G:  So  so here 's a  here 's a first interesting  labeling task . 
G:  Uh , to distinguish between , say , backchannels <inbreath>  precision timing  Sort of <inbreath> you know , benevolent overlaps , and  and  <inbreath>  and w and  and sort of , um  I don't know , hostile overlaps , where <inbreath> someone is trying to grab the floor from someone else . 
G:  Uh , that  that might be an interesting , um  problem to look at . 
G:  OK . 
G:  Um , I could imagine that as  there 's a fair number of <inbreath> um cases where , and this is sort of , not  really hostile , but sort of competitive , where <inbreath> one person is finishing something and <inbreath> you have , like , two or three people jumping  trying to   trying to   trying to , uh grab the next turn . 
G:  And so it 's not against the person who talks first  because actually we 're all waiting for that person to finish . 
G:  But they all want to  be next . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Seniority . 
G:  If  if the goal were to just look at overlap you would  you could serve yourself  save yourself a lot of time but not even transcri transcribe the words . 
G:  I  I have an idea . 
G:  Could we  Could we , um  
G:  we have  have in the past and I think continue  will continue to have a fair number of  uh phone conference calls . 
G:  And , <inbreath> uh ,  and as a  to , um <outbreath> as another c  c comparison  condition ,  we could um see what  what what happens in terms of overlap , when you don't have visual contact . 
G:  So , um  
G:  Or , this is getting a little extravagant , we could put up some kind of blinds or something to   to remove , uh  visual contact . 
G:  Well y no you  f 
G:  Yeah , Yeah . 
G:  Well , you could do that by just noting on the enrollment sheet the   the seat number . 
G:  So you 'd number them somehow . 
G:  Yeah , but It 's  it would be trivial  
G:  Not the chairs . 
G:  The chairs are  Chairs are movable . 
G:  Put them   Like ,  put them on the table where they  
G:  What people were wearing . 
G:  Oh , Andreas was  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Andreas was wearing that same old sweater again . 
G:  And  And  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And  and Morgan had that funny hair again . 
G:  Oh , no , you  you just like to be in charge , that 's why you 're sitting  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Actually  actually  actually  
G:  I  
G:  Or  
G:  OK . 
G:  I  um , I , unfortunately , have to run , 
G:  but , um  I can imagine  uh building  a  um  model of speaker change  detection  that <inbreath> takes into account  both the far - field and the <inbreath> uh  actually , not just the close - talking mike for that speaker , but actually for all of th  for all of the speakers . 
G:  um  If you model the   the  effect that  me speaking has on  your  microphone and everybody else 's microphone , as well as on that , <inbreath> and you build , um  
G:  basically I think you 'd  you would  build a  <inbreath> an HMM that has as a state space all of the possible speaker combinations 
G:  and , um <inbreath> you can control  
G:  It 's not that big actually , 
G:  um 
G:  Mmm . 
G:  Mmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Sorry , I have to go . 
