F:  OK . 
F:  Uh . 
F:  Testing , one , two , three . 
F:  From last time I wanted to  Uh   The  An iss uh  one topic from last time . 
F:  OK , it 's  it 's very  eh  it 's  very brief , I mean  just let me  just hand these out . 
F:  Oops . 
F:  It 's slightly different . 
F:  I   basically the same . 
F:  But , same idea . 
F:  So , if you 've looked at this you 've seen it before , 
F:  so  Basically , <inbreath> um  as you know , uh  part of the encoding  includes a mark that indicates  an overlap . 
F:  It 's not indicated  with , um  uh , tight precision , it 's just indicated that  OK , so , It 's indicated to  to  so the people know  what parts of sp which  which stretches of speech were in the clear , versus being overlapped by others . 
F:  So , I  used this mark and , um  and , uh  uh ,  divided the  
F:  I wrote a script  which divides things into individual minutes ,  of which we ended up with forty  five , and a little bit . 
F:  And , uh  you know , minute zero , of course , is the first minute up to  sixty seconds . 
F:  And , um  What you can see is the number of overlaps  and then  to the right ,  whether they involve two speakers , three speakers , or more than three speakers . 
F:  And ,  um  and , what I was looking for sp sp specifically was the question of  whether they 're distributed evenly throughout or whether they 're  bursts of them . 
F:  Um . 
F:  And  it looked to me as though  
F:  uh , you know  y this is just   eh  eh , this would  this is not statistically  verified ,  but it  did look to me as though there are bursts throughout , rather than being  localized to a particular region . 
F:  The part down there , where there 's the maximum number of   of , um  overlaps is an area where we were discussing  <inbreath> whether or not it would be useful to indi to s to  code  stress ,  uh , sentence stress  as possible indication of , uh  information retrieval . 
F:  So it 's like ,  you know , rather ,  lively discussion there . 
F:  Oh , 
F:  th <outbreath>  That 's the per cent . 
F:  So , six is , uh  two point eight percent  of the total number of overlaps in the  session . 
F:  At the very end , this is when people were ,  you know , packing up to go basically , 
F:  there 's  this final stuff , 
F:  I think we   I don't remember where the digits  fell . 
F:  I 'd have to look at that . 
F:  But  the final three there are no overlaps at all . 
F:  And  couple times there  are not . 
F:  So , i it seems like it goes through bursts  but , um  that 's kind of it . 
F:  Now ,  Another question is  is there  are there  individual differences in whether you 're likely to be overlapped with or to overlap with others . 
F:  And , again  I want to emphasize this is just one  particular  um   one particular meeting , and also there 's been no statistical testing of it all , but  I , um  I took the coding of  the  
F:  I , you know , my  I had this script  figure out , um  who  was the first speaker , who was the second speaker involved in a two - person overlap , I didn't look at the ones involving three or more . 
F:  And , um   this is how it breaks down in the individual cells of  who tended to be overlapping most often with who  who else , 
F:  and  if you look at the marginal totals , which is the ones on the right side and across the bottom , you get  the totals for an individual . 
F:  So , <inbreath> um  If you  look at the bottom , those are the , um  numbers of overlaps in which  um  Adam was involved as the person doing the overlapping and if you look  
F:  I 'm sorry , but you 're o alphabetical , that 's why I 'm choosing you 
F:  And then if you look across the right ,  then  that 's where he was the  person who was the sp first speaker in the pair  and got overlap overlapped with by somebody . 
F:  And ,  then if you look down in the summary table ,  then you see that , um  th they 're differences in  whether a person got overlapped with or  overlapped by . 
F:  Raw counts . 
F:  Yes , very true  very true 
F:  it would be good to normalize with respect to that . 
F:  Now on the table I did  take one step toward , uh  away from the raw frequencies by putting ,  uh  percentages . 
F:  So that the percentage of time  of the  of the times that a person spoke ,  what percentage  eh , w 
F:  so . Of the times a person spoke and furthermore was involved in a two two - person overlap , <laugh> <inbreath> what percentage of the time were they the overlapper and what percent of the time were they th the overlappee ? 
F:  And there , it looks like you see some differences , 
F:  um ,  that some people tend to be overlapped  with more often than they 're overlapped , 
F:  but , of course , uh i e <laugh> this is just one meeting ,  uh  there 's no statistical testing involved , and that would be  required for a  for a finding  of  any  kind of  scientific  reliability . 
F:  No , no , no . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
F:  That 's right . 
F:  And I 'm  you know , I 'm  I don't see a point of singling people out , 
F:  now , this is a case where obviously  
F:  Well , <laugh> you know , it 's like  I 'm not  I 'm not saying on the tape who did  better or worse 
F:  because  I don't think that it 's  
F:  I  you know , 
F:  and  and th here 's a case where of course , human subjects people would say be sure that you anonymize the results ,  and  and , so , might as well do this . 
F:  Well , fair enough . 
F:  Fair enough . 
F:  And actually ,  you know , the point is not about an individual , it 's the point about  tendencies toward  you know , different styles , different speaker styles . 
F:  And  it would be , you know  of course ,  there 's also the question of what type of overlap was this , and w what were they , 
F:  and i and I  and I know that I can distinguish at least three types and , probably more , 
F:  I mean , the <inbreath> general  <laugh> cultural idea which w uh , the conversation analysts originally started with in the seventies was that we have this <inbreath> strict model where politeness involves that you let the person finish th before you start talking , 
F:  and  and you know , I mean ,  w we know that   an and they 've loosened up on that too s in the intervening time , that  that that 's  that 's viewed as being  a culturally - relative thing , 
F:  I mean ,  that you have the high - involvement style from the East Coast where people <inbreath> will overlap often as an indication of interest in what the other person is saying . 
F:  And 
F:  Yeah , exactly ! 
F:  Well , there you go . 
F:  Fine , that 's alright , that 's OK . 
F:  And  and ,  you know , in contrast , so Deborah  d and also Deborah Tannen 's  thesis 
F:  she talked about differences of these types ,  that they 're just different styles , 
F:  and it 's um  you  you can't impose a model of   there  of the ideal being no overlaps , 
F:  and  you know , conversational analysts also agree with that , 
F:  so it 's  now , universally  a ag agreed with . 
F:  And  and , als 
F:  I mean , I can't say universally , 
F:  but anyway , the people who used to say it was strict ,  um  now , uh  don't . 
F:  I mean they  they  also  <inbreath> you know , uh  uh , ack acknowledge the influence of  sub of subcultural norms and  cross - cultural norms and things . 
F:  So , um Then it beco  though  so  just  just superficially to give  um  a couple ideas of the types of overlaps involved , I have at the bottom several that I noticed . 
F:  So ,  <inbreath> uh , there are backchannels , like what Adam just did now 
F:  and , um  <inbreath> um , anticipating the end of a question and  simply answering it earlier , 
F:  and there are several of those in this  in these data where  
F:  because we 're  people who 've talked to each other , 
F:  um  we know  basically what the topic is , what the possibilities are and w and we 've spoken with each other 
F:  so we know basically what the other person 's style is likely to be 
F:  and so <inbreath> and t there are a number of places where someone just answered early . 
F:  No problem . 
F:  And places  also which I thought were interesting , where two or more people gave exactly th the same answer in unison  different words of course 
F:  but you know , the  basically ,  you know everyone 's saying " yes " or  you know , or ev even more sp specific than that . 
F:  So , uh , the point is that , um  <inbreath> overlap 's not necessarily a bad thing and that it would be im  i useful to subdivide these further and see if there are individual differences in styles with respect to the types involved . 
F:  And that 's all I wanted to say on that ,  unless people have questions . 
F:  Oh , OK  interesting . 
F:  Well , at the bottom , you have the bottom three . 
F:  So four  four minutes all together with none  none . 
F:  Yes , uh - huh . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  But just no overlaps . 
F:  Yes , exactly and that 's  that 's where Jose 's pro project comes in . 
F:  I suspect that it will also differ ,  depending on the type of overlap  involved . 
F:  So backchannels will be very brief 
F:  and  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yes . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Actually , um <inbreath> um  actually not . 
F:  Uh , so  le let 's think about the case where <inbreath> A starts speaking  <inbreath> and then B overlaps with A ,  and then the minute boundary happens . 
F:  And let 's say that <inbreath> after that minute boundary , <inbreath> um  B is still speaking ,  and A overlaps  with B , 
F:  that would be a new overlap . 
F:  But otherwise  um , let 's say B  comes to the conclusion of  of that turn without  anyone overlapping with him or her , 
F:  in which case there would be no overlap counted in that second minute . 
F:  OK . 
F:  In that case , um  my c  the coding that I was using  <inbreath> since we haven't ,  uh  incorporated Adam 's , uh  coding of overlap yets , the coding of 
F:  Yeah , " yets " is not a word . 
F:  Uh <laugh> since we haven't incorporated Adam 's method of handling overl overlaps yet <inbreath> um  then  that would have fallen through the cra cracks . 
F:  It would be an underestimate of the number of overlaps because , um  I wou I wouldn't be able to pick it up from the way it was  encoded so far . 
F:  We just haven't done th the precise second to sec you know ,  second to second coding of when they occur . 
F:  Uh - huh . 
F:  Yep . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm ? 
F:  No , it wouldn't . 
F:  It would be considered as an overlap in the first one . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  They 're not double counted . 
F:  I should also say I did a simplifying , uh  count in that <inbreath> if A was speaking  B overlapped with A and then A came back again and overlapped with B again , 
F:  I  I didn't count that as a three - person overlap , I counted that as a two - person overlap ,  and it was A being overlapped with by D . 
F:  Because the idea was the first speaker  had the floor  and the second person  started speaking and then the f the first person reasserted the floor  kind of thing . 
F:  These are simplifying assumptions , 
F:  didn't happen very often , 
F:  there may be like three overlaps affected that way in the whole thing . 
F:  Yeah , yeah . 
F:  That 's interesting . 
F:  That 's interesting . 
F:  Yeah , there 's a lot of backchannel , a lot o a lot of  
F:  Yeah , it is . 
F:  I think so too , I think  
F:  OK , now . 
F:  Wh - yeah , I  I agree  I agree with Adam . 
F:  And the reason is because I think there 's a limit   there 's an upper bound  on how many you can have , simply  from the standpoint of audibility . 
F:  When we speak we  we do make a judgment of  " can  " you know , as adults . 
F:  I mean , children don't adjust so well , 
F:  I mean , if a truck goes rolling past , <inbreath> adults will well , depending , but mostly , adults will  will   will hold off to what   to finish the end of the sentence till the  till the noise is past . 
F:  And I think we generally do <inbreath> monitor things like that ,  about  whether we  whether our utterance will be in the clear or not . 
F:  And partly it 's related to rhythmic structure in conversation , 
F:  so , <inbreath> you know , you  you t Yeah , this is d also um , people tend to time their  their  <inbreath> their , um  when they  come into the conversation based on the overall rhythmic ,  uh uh , ambient thing . 
F:  So you don't want to be c cross - cutting . 
F:  And  and , just to finish this , that um That I think that <inbreath> there may be an upper bound on how many overlaps you can have , simply from the standpoint of audibility and how loud the other people are who are already  in the fray . 
F:  But I  you know , of certain types . 
F:  Now if it 's just backchannels , <inbreath> people  may be doing that  with less  intention of being heard ,  just sort of spontaneously doing backchannels , 
F:  in which case  that  those might  there may be no upper bound on those . 
F:  He could , he could . 
F:  E for example . 
F:  She 's doing that . 
F:  Well , I mean you could do that . 
F:  I ju I  I think that  in this meeting I really had the feeling that wasn't happening , that  the hostile  hostile type . 
F:  These were  these were  benevolent types , as people  finishing each other 's sentences , and  stuff . 
F:  Yeah , I agree . 
F:  I agree . 
F:  Well , there are various things , you  you have the  
F:  That 's a control . 
F:  Well , <inbreath> it seems like there are two possibilities there , 
F:  I mean  i it seems like <inbreath> if you have just  two people it 's not  really , y like a meeting , w is not as similar as the rest of the   of the sample . 
F:  It depends on what you 're after , of course , 
F:  but <inbreath> It seems like that would be more a case of the control condition , compared to , uh  an experimental  condition , with more than two . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah , I 'm just thinking that 'd be more like a c control condition . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  You 've been working on that . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Blindf 
F:  Well , linguistic  
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Linguistic anthropologists would  would suggest it would be useful to also take a picture of the meeting . 
F:  The  because you get then the spatial relationship of the speakers . 
F:  And that  could be 
F:  But you know , they  the  s the linguistic anthropologists would say it would be good to have a digital picture anyway , 
F:  because you get  a sense also of posture . 
F:  Posture , and we could like ,  you know ,  block out the person 's face or whatever 
F:  but  <inbreath> but , you know , these are important cues , 
F:  I mean the  the  how a person is sitting  is  
F:  It 'd be better than nothing , is  is  i Just from a single picture I think you can tell some aspects . 
F:  I mean I  I could tell you I mean , if I if I 'm in certain meetings I notice that there are certain people who really do  eh  The body language is very uh  is very interesting in terms of the dominance aspect . 
F:  Yeah .  Well , I mean you black out the  that part . 
F:  But it 's just , you know , the  the body 
F:  you know ? 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Say that again ? 
F:  Frame over fres threshold . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  OK . 
F:  OK 
F:  " Mixed . " 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  " Ding " . 
F:  That 's cute ! 
F:  Ah . 
F:  Actually  well also  I  I can say I made barr barriers for  so that  the  stuff I was doing with Collin wha  which  just used , um  this  kind of foam board . 
F:  R really inexpensive . 
F:  You can  you can masking tape it together , 
F:  these are  you know , pretty l large partitions . 
F:  It 's true , it would disturb the , um  the  the long - range  
F:  it would  
F:  OK . 
F:  I think we 're going to have to work on the , uh   on the human subjects <laugh> form . 
F:  " Do you mind being blindfolded while you 're interviewed ? " 
F:  What was that called ? 
F:  The , uh  say again ? 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  I like that idea . 
F:  It 's very clear . 
F:  Then you don't think it 's a long pause . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , I agree . 
F:  One  one question . 
F:  Do you do it on all channels ? 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  I like that . 
F:  Yeah , I like that . 
F:  Very clear . 
F:  Very clear . 
F:  Well , the other thing that  you know , I mean the  the alternative might be to s 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  That 's great . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I have one concept a t I  I want to say , which is that I think it 's nice that you 're preserving the time relations , 
F:  s so you 're  you 're not just cutting  you 're not doing scissor snips . 
F:  You 're  you 're keeping the , uh  the time duration of a  de - deleted  deleted part . 
F:  OK , good , digits . 
F:  It 's great . 
F:  Good . 
F:  Thank you . 
F:  Thank you . 
F:  Thank you . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Aw , thanks . 
F:  No . 
F:  I have the script now , 
F:  so , I mean , it can work off the , uh  other thing , 
F:  but  
F:  Uh , well , yeah . 
F:  Because , uh  well , I mean  once his  his algorithm is up and running then we can do it that way . 
F:  But  I  I just worked off of my 
F:  Thanks . 
F:  Appreciate that . 
F:  I think  what I  what this has , uh , caused me  so this discussion caused me to wanna subdivide these further . 
F:  I 'm gonna take a look at the , uh  backchannels , 
F:  how much we have anal I hope to have that for next time . 
F:  Let 's do it . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Do you want us to put a mark on the bottom of these when they 've actually been read , or 
F:  do you just  i 
F:  i 
F:  the only one that wasn't read is  
F:  is known , so we don't do it . 
F:  OK . 
