B:  Is that alright now ? <other> Okay . Sorry ? Okay , everybody all set to start the meeting ? Okay , we've got half an hour for this one um to uh discuss the um functional design . All ready to go ? Okay . Um so hopefully you've all been working away , and I've put the minutes of the last meeting in the project folder . Um so I guess just to to recap on uh what we did last time . Um kind of uh got to know each other a little bit and uh got familiar with all the equipment and started to discuss um a bit about the project , you know , cost-wise how much how much money we had to s 
D:  Could you plug me in ? 
C:  <other> 
D:  <laugh> Okay . Thanks . Okay . <cough> 


B:  Um just want to tell you that you have three new requirements , um which is the  The first one <other> is that um uh the company's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is . Nobody uses teletext very much anymore , so we don't really need to consider that in the functionality of the  of the remote control . Um they've also suggested that we um we only use the remote control to control the television , not the V_C_R_ , D_V_D_ or anything else . I think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex then it'll affect um how long it takes us to get it into into production , the time to market . So um , we're just gonna keep it simple and it'll just control the T_V_ . And the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design . 
D:  'Kay . Okay . 
B:  Um I'm not entirely sure what the corporate colour is . It might be yellow , because there seems to be a lot of yellow everywhere . 
D:  And the slogan , like the actual written slogan , or just to embody the idea of the slogan ? 
B:  Well that's the thing , I'm I'm not sure um <other> uh th because on the the company website , uh what does it say  
D:  'Bout putting the fashion in electronics . 
B:  Uh something  Yeah , I mean do they  <other> Is that something they want actually written on it , 'cause it's quite long . 
A:  Mm yeah . Nope , we're all set . 
B:  Um or yeah , just the idea , but I'm not sure . So that's something we can discuss as well . So those are the three things , just not to worry about teletext , uh only control the T_V_ , and um and uh incorporate the uh colour and slogan of the company . Um so is everybody okay with any of that , or do you want me to recap at all ? 


B:  Right um , time for presentations then . Who would like to go first ? 
C:  <other> I'll go first . 
D:  Sure . 
B:  Okay , cool . 
C:  Alright um , can I st steal this from the back of your laptop ? Uh  
B:  Oh yeah , of course , yeah . G go on ahead . 
D:  <cough> 
C:   so this is the technical functions design . Um <other>  


D:  Okay . Just um  Before I bring this up what I'll just say is um what I've what I've done is tried to collect some information so that I can then relay this to to you guys so that it's  now becomes a collective thing . And then kind of lead us in the direction of deciding , 'kay what what are our options , what should we decide and do you know what I mean , so . 
A:   Increase that 'cause we can't see the  
B:  Um  
D:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  That's much better . 
B:  Right . Can you um  
A:  There you go . 
B:  Right , okay . 
D:  Okay . Alright . That would be  Okay . So um does that make sense ? So what I basically got is I just looked into some information and sort of th tried to think about how how we could review it and how we could  and what kind of decisions we could take away from it and then maybe by the end of just looking at some of these things we can think about what are our priorities . 'Cause certainly there's lots of different information to go through . 


A:  Sorry , do you mind passing me my notepad . Thanks . 
B:  Mm . Course not . There you go . 
A:  Cool , um . Okay . Um . Well this is just the working design um . Well this is just what  how I would go about it . Um I guess I try to define like what we're doing now , try to define what we're trying to get done . Um I think in a practical way , we kind of know what it is . We've used it , we're familiar with it , but we're  we can't n we haven't narrowed down um exactly what the things we're trying to fulfil , like  Besides the basics , I think back  in the back of our minds we know what the basics are . Has to change channels , has to change volume , but in like specifics , right , which one of the basics are you trying to target . Um are there certain parts of the basics that are more important or less important than the basics ? Um and I just  the idea is just to get everybody to um  I usually <other> have a have have a design that's there as a basic , so , you know , things that  to start everything going . But I guess everybody does have some idea , so I don't think um there's a need for that . 
B:  Right . Mm-hmm . 
D:  Right . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Um okay this finding things is a little bit confusing , so I'll go into the diagram first . 
D:  And like on the  means  b Since we're on the topic of the technology , uh are there any like  what are our options ? Alright , what's what i in  Is this the only way that we go about it , or are there other thin 
A:  I guess this would be  Yep . Um , these these aren't technology options in that sense . This is just um a basic principles and basic components that are needed . For example , if you needed um if you needed to add uh a voice recognition , right , then your user interface would be split , broken down into more components , right , which you have a microphone , the V_R_ and stuff like that . Uh 
D:  Right . The basic principle of  
B:  Okay . 
D:  'Kay . Right . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . Oh . So this just show how we're kind of modularising the whole thing . Okay . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Mm-hmm . Okay 
A:  Yep . Yep . So each component represents one function , but I think the basic functions are the logic , the transmitter , um and the receiver , okay , and the power are things that you won't have to care about . Um and those are things that based on what your user interface requires then we'll add more functionality to it . 


B:  Um , right . So basically the um  I'm just gonna just recap uh what I said at the start , was that um the the whole point of this meeting was to f absolutely finalise who we're gonna aim this at , and what exactly the product's gonna do . So um just to recap on  Are we all happy about the idea of um aiming the product at um the fifteen to thirty five bracket ? Um and also the funct the the actual functions of what it's gonna do . Do you wanna recap on that , Craig ? 
A:  <cough> 
D:  Okay . Okay . Yeah , that's good . 
C:  Um . I think we just say that it was gonna be the the most basic stuff possible . Um on off , up and down channels , up and down volume and uh skip to a channel . 
B:  <cough> Okay , right . 
C:  Ta . 
D:  And is it going to include any of the uh the more advanced features , or are we gonna eliminate those ? 
C:  Um I think we include mute , but apart from that um I think we just  we'll go for the simpleness . 
D:  Okay . R is it is it is it s is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of under  like sort of under a door or some  
B:  Okay . 
A:  Okay , I think 
B:  Yeah , it's as optional functions . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  'Cause what what I'm  I'd be a bit worried about is if someone was h had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they , you know , w they get ours and w it's doesn't have that . I dunno if that'd be a problem . 
B:  Okay . <other> 
B:  <other> Okay . Um so yeah , I guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it's gotta look good , because of who we're we're , you know , targeting this at . Um something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe . Make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold , you know , things like that . 


B:  Um , <other> so I guess I guess that's it . That's the meeting over . Whoohoo . 
D:  Great . Then we get to go find out what was picked up for lunch for us . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 


