A:  Okay , the waiting is for our Marketing Expert , Ruud . 
C:  Is there a schedule for this meeting ? 
A:  Yes , there is actually . 
A:  Um I will li list the agenda for today . 
A:  For this meeting . 
A:  It's important that the laptops are um exactly on the square , um for the cameras . 
A:  Um we're here to develop uh a new product . 
A:  this is the first meeting to to generate some uh uh some ideas about it . 
A:  Um you are here in a specific role . 
A:  Uh Ruud is here as the Marketing Expert , 
A:  Roo is here as the User Interface Designer 
A:  and Sebastian is here uh in the role of Industrial Designer . 
A:  we're going to do um uh uh a little tool training uh for the tools we are going to use uh during uh the meetings we are going to have here . 
A:  Um then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan , 
A:  uh and we will have a discussion . 
A:  Uh this meeting should take no more than twenty five minutes , 
C:  Um is there any room for a little presentation ? 
C:  Uh maybe during the discussion uh section ? 
A:  <laugh> No problem . 
A:  this new product we are are g are going to develop , um 
A:  it's a remote control , 
A:  Um and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  <other> Um we will discuss uh later on more ideas about uh how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those kind of things . 
A:  Um <other> we are going to use a a pred a project method uh during uh this development , 
A:  Uh the functional design , the conceptual design and the detailed design , 
A:  um all of these stages um um mean that we do some individual work , prepare , and then uh meet to discuss our uh uh the   
A:  Um the first stage , the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements , 
A:  Um <other> the second is the technical functional design , 
A:  um what effect should the remote have ? 
A:  Um and the last one is the working design . 
A:  How exactly does it work in the technical sense . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, describing what the project would involve, the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting.

A:  <other> Okay , um before we think about remote control we will um work with some of the tools we have uh here . 
A:  You can uh uh display pr uh two presentations if you want to . 
A:  <other> to um presentate , to show us uh a file you'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder , 
A:  Um then we have this electronic white-board system . 
A:  you can draw on the board using this pen . 
A:  There are little um uh 
A:  sensors , 
A:  it's on the um eraser now , 
A:  so we click the pen button . 
A:  <other> you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button . 
A:  Um all our um whi um uh SMARTboard um notes should be kept in the same file . 
A:  So do not m make a new file . 
B:  But we all use the same white-board file 
A:  Um so now I d have a different line width and uh colour . 
A:  Current colour , you can choose another colour . 
A:  I wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder 
A:  Um as a little training <other> um I will ask Ruud first to draw uh uh your own animal on a new slide uh with uh a different colour and a different line width than the one uh now selected . 
D:  Uh a wee rabbit . 
A:  Um Roo , could you do the same please ? 
A:  But a different animal with a different colour and a different line width . 
A:  It it should be a cat . 
A:  Okay , so um you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to . 
abst_sum - abstract: He the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using, and the group practiced using the SMARTboard by drawing their favourite animals.

A:  the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros . 
A:  Uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million Euros , 
A:  we uh we will focus this internationally , 
A:  And um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve Euro fifty , 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager then went over the project budget.

A:  maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation . 
C:  Yes , um I have some technical uh issues which I would like to present to you uh before we start the discussion , 
C:  I would like to think about uh the implementation of uh of things , 
C:  and the technical possibilities and impossibilities . 
C:  So if someone of you comes up with uh ideas , uh I'll try to translate them in technical functions , 
C:  but uh there might be some impossibilities . 
C:  Um and I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available 
C:  I have some uh initial ideas about some things 
C:  One thing about uh interopera operability . 
C:  Um I think a modern uh remote control should uh control a device  diverse subset of equipment . 
C:  Uh for instance , uh D_V_D_ players , cell phones , video and audio equipment . 
C:  Well , there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them . 
C:  Um and we should think about the way how these things uh should communicate with each other . 
C:  We're not uh living in the uh nineteen eighties anymore , so infrared is not uh 
C:  is not really uh hot uh technical stuff anymore . 
C:  But you should uh think about the things like uh Bluetooth . 
B:  Yeah , but the infrared , it's uh , well , a little bit old-fashioned , if you would call it like that . 
B:  But all the T_V_s are uh equipped with infrared , so 
B:  you should equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote . 
C:  but that's uh something we should discuss 
C:  but take these things into account when you start the discussion . 
abst_sum - abstract: The industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project, suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared.

A:  Um I I do think it's time now to to discuss uh mm some things . 
A:  Um Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen uh implications . 
A:  Um there are other things like um <other> how to make it trendy , 
A:  which is I think uh um most uh Ru uh Ruud's uh role . 
A:  Um the way how it should be controlled by the user , 
A:  which is uh Roo uh r uh during this part . 
A:  H how do you think the remote should um function for the user ? 
A:  Okay , um uh I just want to hear uh Ruud's um input for this meeting . 
A:  Um do you have anything already w um ab idea about how the market uh will respond to the  such a product ? 
A:  Or what we should take um in account when developing such a product ? 
D:  Uh I think most most things have already been said , 
D:  And uh , yeah , infrared might be an issue . 
D:  like uh control multiple devices . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas.

B:  Um well , the interoperability , just like uh Sebastian said , 
B:  um the remote should work on different T_V_s or even different 
B:  devices ? 
abst_sum - abstract: The user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices.

C:  And you you see uh the buttons as a as a means of doing this ? 
C:  Or are there any o other controls ? 
B:  Yeah , or maybe you want a touch-screen or  
C:  I I've seen these remote controls with uh this little stick uh which you can move forward , sidewords . 
C:  And um it's very easy for a user to to switch  
C:  to to switch b uh between uh channels 
C:  or uh change uh between tracks on a on a C_D_ , 
B:  And for other user interface I had um , well , it's more industrial thing . 
B:  Uh point at a T_V_ , I think it's it's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the T_V_ , 
B:  so in that case infrared should uh maybe uh be restriction to that . 
B:  so you must <other> point everywhere , 
A:  Maybe not even pointed . 
C:  So when you're not able to point at the device um the range is very limited . 
B:  For T_V_ , you're always in in the neighbourhood of a T_V_ , 
B:  so I don't think think the range should be a problem to that , 
B:  but if you want to uh get it working with a radio , and you're in  outside your garden with just one uh speaker , then maybe the range should be uh  
B:  You should able to feel the buttons without uh it mis um  <laugh> 
B:  you have to know what you do without looking at the buttons , 
B:  so it should be as user interface um for feeling should be uh good to understand . 
B:  And of course you don't always know where all buttons are , 
B:  so it should be visible al um <other> in dark too . 
A:  Uh I'll write down glow in the dark . 
D:  But uh lots of devices already use infrared . 
D:  And uh , yeah , infrared might be an issue . 
D:  we'll probably have to implement that . 
C:  Um you said something about visibility in the dark . 
C:  uh would it be nice for a user to have display on this uh remote control , on which you can see functions ? 
B:  but it it can be quite simple , 
B:  you can just have white buttons with a black mark on it . 
B:  The uh the the digits in black . 
B:  Uh then it's already visible in dark . 
B:  So it it don't have to be a lightning or or a fancy 
B:   well , it can be for design , of course . 
B:  The digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade . 
B:  Always have s the soft buttons , always uh clear the the the paint on it . 
abst_sum - abstract: They also discussed having glow in the dark buttons, using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and/or a joystick instead of conventional buttons.

A:  because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product . 
C:  Yes , but there's a cost limitation too . 
C:  So that's a big problem , I think . 
A:  twelve Euro fifty , yeah . 
C:  I think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it's not going to be a high high-end product . 
C:  The cost price is very low . 
abst_sum - abstract: However, they were unsure about what the budget would allow.

A:  Um uh d I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily 
A:  um or it should not consume too much um power . 
A:  Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s uh uh every other week . 
A:  maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or  
B:  But then Bluetooth uh might be problem . 
C:  <other> It's use uh a lot of uh  
A:  Well does it ? 
B:  I know it from the cell phone . 
C:  Well , cell phones have uh integrated Bluetooth also and , well , it's  it seems to work uh quite okay . 
B:  But you can't you can't use Bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power, but this might be difficult if using bluetooth.

A:  Okay . Gentlemen , I'm afraid we do not have any more time . 
A:  <other> so we will go back to our own uh work . 
A:  Um next meeting starts in thirty minutes 
A:  and um , well , you know your o your individual actions 
A:  or your personal coach will probably email you about th it . 
A:  See you in thirty minutes . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager closed the meeting.

A:  <other> so we will go back to our own uh work . 
A:  and um , well , you know your o your individual actions 
abst_sum - action: Each member of the group will work on their individual tasks.

A:  or your personal coach will probably email you about th it . 
abst_sum - action: They will receive information from their personal coaches.

A:  Um and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly . 
A:  it's a remote control , 
A:  this new product we are are g are going to develop , um 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will design a trendy, original and user-friendly remote control.

A:  the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros . 
A:  Uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million Euros , 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote control will be sold for 25 euros with a profit aim of 50 million euros.

A:  we uh we will focus this internationally , 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be sold internationally.

A:  And um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve Euro fifty , 
abst_sum - decisions: The production costs should be no more than 12.50 euros.

B:  um the remote should work on different T_V_s or even different 
B:  devices ? 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will control multiple devices.

C:  Yes , I think it should be something like that . 
B:  I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store . 
C:  we're just developing this product , and we want to sell it to a very broad uh public , 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be sold directly to individual consumers rather than companies.

B:  I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store . 
C:  Yes , I think it should be something like that . 
B:  It's not for uh for uh for uh Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product , 
B:  right ? 
A:  Okay , so we're we're going business to consumer , 
B:  Yeah , I do I don't know that . 
C:  We're not developing this product for a specific vendor , are we ? 
B:  don't have the information for it . 
abst_sum - problems: The group were unsure about whether they would be selling their product directly to consumers or to electronics manufacturers.

C:  Yes , but there's a cost limitation too . 
C:  So that's a big problem , I think . 
C:  I think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it's not going to be a high high-end product . 
C:  The cost price is very low . 
abst_sum - problems: It was felt that the low production costs would not allow them to create a trendy high-end product.

A:  maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or  
B:  But then Bluetooth uh might be problem . 
C:  <other> It's use uh a lot of uh  
A:  Well does it ? 
B:  I know it from the cell phone . 
C:  Well , cell phones have uh integrated Bluetooth also and , well , it's  it seems to work uh quite okay . 
B:  But you can't you can't use Bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day . 
abst_sum - problems: Whether using glow in the dark buttons and bluetooth would mean that the remote consumes too much energy.

