E:  And off . 
E:  And we 're on . 
E:  So , uh  
E:  So , topic number one is , we got the NSF ATR  
E:  ITR , 
E:  excuse me , 
E:  which was originally pretty big , but it 's divided among many sites , 
E:  and they , like , cut the budget by a th by two thirds . 
E:  So they  they approved it for all the sites , 
E:  but only gave us like sixty - two percent of the money . 
E:  Or , excuse me , cut it by sixty - two percent . 
E:  So , uh , Morgan is , uh  
E:  And the other condition is that they have to get a budget out , like , immediately , 
E:  or the or they 'll give the money to someone else . 
E:  So Morgan 's working on that . 
E:  So , I mean , it 's good news . 
E:  It 's not as good as it could have been 
E:  but it was , uh  
E:  The  the I T Rs are , you know , a  a  long shot , and so it 's  it 's really nice that we got that . 
E:  Information Technology Research ? 
E:  Something like that ? 
E:  It 's , uh  
E:  Yeah , it was specifically on the meeting . 
E:  So , d was that the one that was the meeting maps ? 
E:  OK , good . 
E:  I liked that one . 
E:  Well , the  the sort of general idea was , you can think about meetings at lots of different levels , 
E:  all the way d from all the way down to acoustics to all the way up to dialogue , discourse , topic . 
E:  And so this  this was , how do you map all that information onto that ? 
E:  a onto the meeting domain . 
E:  So that the  the analogy was you have maps of different things at different resolutions . 
E:  And so , uh , 
E:  So this had a lot of different stuff in it . 
E:  It 's mostly higher level . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  But , nonetheless , I think if we  
E:  It 's a  it 's a cool idea . 
E:  And if we can actually get it  get it going that would be neat . 
E:  So  And uh , this was the one also that was , 
E:  uh , 
E:  Was it with Susan Ervin - Tripp ? 
E:  She 's a linguist on campus . 
E:  Anyway . 
E:  So , other topics I wanted to talk about are , um , the DARPA demo which , I guess , since Morgan isn't here we can't really talk about . 
E:  I just wanted to make sure it was ready to go . 
E:  Uh , but I guess  
E:  Your stuff is all ready 
E:  so it 's just a question of , did Morgan get around to testing it . 
E:  Yeah , I got it . With the instructions . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Yeah , so I guess we ge we had better be on call  for a little while . 
E:  I don't know . 
E:  I haven't spoken with him . 
E:  Alt Tab . 
E:  I  I think  
E:  I think the problem was that , I was t saying " hit Alt Tab " with the assumption that he knew what I meant . 
E:  But he didn't . 
E:  So . 
E:  But it doesn't . 
E:  It doesn't . 
E:  And  and all I said was oh just cycle through with Alt Tab 
E:  because that 's the standard way of doing it in Windows . 
E:  But of course he doesn't use Windows . 
E:  So , 
E:  he didn't know what I meant . 
E:  Hold down at   hold down Alt , 
E:  and then tap Tab several times 
E:  and you 'll cycle through all the open applications . 
E:  Right . 
E:  That 's a good idea . 
E:  That 's not a bad idea at all , 
E:  so that , uh  
E:  Yeah , and since the files are short , it 's just  
E:  I mean the Tcl - TK overhead is pretty high , 
E:  but it shouldn't matter . 
E:  I think he had one twenty - eight , 
E:  eh , 
E:  but  
E:  It was faster than my PC . 
E:  So . 
E:  I assume . But they 're all doing Communicator stuff . 
E:  So . 
E:  I mean , the talk 's only twenty minutes . 
E:  So . You know , all this time we spent on it 's gonna be thirty seconds of screen time . 
E:  Yeah , I 
E:  Actually , both of them . 
E:  You know , cuz we 're gonna wanna be playing with the  
E:  uh  
E:  help , my brain  
E:  with the uh , 
E:  prosody stuff anyway . 
E:  Um , so , actually , at some point w we should talk to users of that technology who are actually gonna be using it 
E:  and see what they would like to see . 
E:  Audio . 
E:  And the stylized F - naught features are pretty cool . 
E:  So , these  this it 's - does a piece - wise linear 
E:  and so , normally if you look at an F - naught track , it jumps all over the place . 
E:  This is a nice smooth one 
E:  and it really does a good job . 
E:  It 's a combination . 
E:  Uh , t 
E:  G Actually could you email me a reference to that paper ? If you have it ? 
E:  Cuz I 'm sorta curious how  what criteria it has . 
E:  I mean , so , there 's obviously a trade - off between the number of knots y you pick , and the best fit . 
E:  I mean , so , if you 're doing a piece - wise linear , you have to figure out how many pieces you want . 
E:  And so there 's a trade - off 
E:  because the best  the best mean squared fit would be with an infinite number of knots . 
E:  Well , sure it is . 
E:  But 
E:  So  so you  There 's a trade - off 
E:  and I 'm wondering what criteria they use . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Dot com . 
E:  No , I  you said " at SRI " 
E:  so I had  to add the " dot com " . 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  So , other topic is , uh , the IBM  transcription status stuff . 
E:  So we 've sent a few to them . 
E:  We 've gotten a few back . 
E:  Um , 
E:  I sorta wish Jane was  were here 
E:  because I think she gave  
E:  Didn't she give one of them to one of the transcribers ? 
E:  And , how was it ? 
E:  Great . 
E:  Hand . 
E:  Well , but that 's what we wanted . 
E:  Right . 
E:  We knew it would be longer to have multiple groups . 
E:  Right . 
E:  Well , pipelined . 
E:  The idea is that we 're taking less time of the linguists . 
E:  Of the transcribers . 
E:  So . 
E:  We might wanna revisit hiring our own external transcription company . 
E:  Because I think that would be cheaper than having our people do it , 
E:  but do it with the same process with these beep files . 
E:  I mean , cuz , originally I had disc discounted that 
E:  because it was just gonna be too hard . 
E:  But now we have this procedure with the beep files worked out . 
E:  Then maybe it would be OK . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  And we might wanna do that anyway . 
E:  Because it seems like that 's being a bottleneck and that 's silly . 
E:  It shouldn't be a bottleneck . 
E:  I mean  It would  Once we got it set up it w it  
E:  It may well have been partially that , you know , 
E:  because they tried it , 
E:  and then they would have to listen to the tape and find out where it bleeps , 
E:  and go forward in the file , et cetera , et cetera . 
E:  But , uh , 
E:  it just seems like  <mouth> it 's not hard for us to do , 
E:  and that would just make things go faster . 
E:  Get a tape deck , 
E:  plug it in to the computer , 
E:  hit record , 
E:  on the tape deck , 
E:  and just do it all  all uh , analog . 
E:  Well , line out . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  So  I mean , that 's the easy way . 
E:  They might have a more complex set - up at IBM . 
E:  I 've seen digital  digital analog tapes where it 's controlled by the computer . 
E:  But w But we don't need to do that . 
E:  The  the disadvantage of doing it this way is it 's real time . 
E:  So you would have to sit there for an hour while it 's recording . 
E:  But  
E:  Right . It 's not a big deal . 
E:  Master . 
E:  So  
E:  We should at least ask , um , Brian if there are any particular requirements for putting things on tape . 
E:  Is there a particular type of tape that they want to use or anything else like that ? 
E:  And , uh  
E:  And then we should see how much of a pain it is for one of us . 
E:  I mean the o the other problem is you would wanna r do it on an unloaded machine . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  Because you wouldn't want it to start stuttering . 
E:  And that means  That  that 's more of a problem 
E:  because y then you have to be there . 
E:  Right . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  It could be either . 
E:  I mean , there are lots of different places . 
E:  It can be delay on the disk , 
E:  or it can be just load gets high on the machine . 
E:  Um , either IO load or processor load . 
E:  You know , it 's a problem with these multi - user systems is that lots of processes are running 
E:  and you don't t really have control . 
E:  Wha 
E:  That 's true . 
E:  It 'll  
E:  That 's right . So you really do wanna be using a machine that 's not  
E:  No , because we 're doing the beep files . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Or you could just  You could have it  no active connection . 
E:  Just SCP them . 
E:  Actually , it wouldn't be bad to have that , plus put on that machine a CD burner . 
E:  No . 
E:  A DVD burner , yeah . 
E:  I guess the real question is , where would we put it and who would do it ? 
E:  I guess whoever records the meeting . 
E:  I mean , it it 's not a big deal , 
E:  but it 's yet another thing you have to do . 
E:  No , because the transcription company does what they do . 
E:  Actually there are a few  I saw a web - based one at one point . 
E:  Where you could send them audio files over the web 
E:  and they send you back text files over the web . 
E:  I should look that up again . 
E:  Mmm . Mmm . 
E:  I assume that you can send them anything that they can access with HTTP . 
E:  Half a gig . 
E:  Oh , no , wait . 
E:  They 're the beep files . 
E:  Yeah , it 's a p hundred meg . 
E:  They 're the beep files . 
E:  That 's right . 
E:  So they 're smaller . 
E:  Yes . 
E:  And we are sending them the compressed ones , 
E:  right ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Were " shortened " . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  The beep files , actually  the " shorten " doesn't save a whole lot . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  Because the whole point is that it 's extracting pie pars parts that are loud anyway . 
E:  So . 
E:  I think it only saves , like , half . 
E:  OK . So I think we just gotta let things slide for now , 
E:  and see  see what 's gonna happen . 
E:  Nothing else really to do . 
E:  Um , 
E:  We have new equipment that I 'm gonna try to set up tomorrow . 
E:  New wireless . 
E:  And so , uh  
E:  Give us a couple more wireless channels . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  But it involves rewiring . 
E:  And so , if I could borrow someone tomorrow afternoon to help my brain . 
E:  You know , just have someone to bounce the instructions off of 
E:  and make sure I don't do anything too stupid . 
E:  Did I have another topic on the  on the list ? 
E:  That 's  
E:  Wha - what did I have on the agenda I mailed out ? 
E:  Yeah , that 's it . 
E:  That was it . 
E:  Short meeting ? 
E:  Does anyone have anything else ? 
E:  Do we have new DD disks also ? 
E:  Darn . 
E:  So , it 's all just scratch . 
E:  OK . 
E:  How are we doing on  
E:  No , DE is full . 
E:  We must be doing it on D F . 
E:  OK , I guess I 'm just one off . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Half . 
E:  So that means we 're p getting pretty close . 
E:  Shoot ! 
E:  I just hate not to get data . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I  The other thing we could do is stop doing the regular ones . 
E:  And try to convince other topics to come in and do some . 
E:  Cuz I think that would be nice . 
E:  Yeah , the other thing we were talking about also is once we exp once the disk has been backed up , we don't actually need it on - line . 
E:  So another option is to copy it to tape manually 
E:  so we have the back - up copy and the tape copy , 
E:  the archive copy and the back - up copy . 
E:  And then just take them off - line . 
E:  Once we have the expanded versions . 
E:  So if we have a ton of scratch disk maybe the thing to do is leave those up , 
E:  and then use  And then not necessarily have the original data on - line . 
E:  Full . 
E:  Well , that would be pretty tight i in the machine room . 
E:  Eesh ! 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  What are they called ? 
E:  What are they named ? 
E:  I assume they 're in the P - make pool . 
E:  P - make stuff . 
E:  P - make magic . 
E:  Or customs magic . 
E:  If you do " man customs " , it has almost all of that . 
E:  Do we have an attribute for non - interactive machines ? 
E:  Cuz I was thinking that would be a good one to have . 
E:  Ones that aren't on people 's desks . 
E:  Y right . 
E:  Yep . 
E:  Anyway . 
E:  Shall we do digits ? 
E:  And off . 
