B:  Sure . 
B:  By next Friday . 
B:  It 's more money . 
B:  Something like that . 
B:  It 's  it 's um , it 's some money that we can use  
B:  Uh , I mean , we 're in conjunction with uh , SRI , Washington , and , um , Columbia . 
B:  And to do research on the meetings . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Mapping meetings , or  ? 
B:  It 's like creating a m a map of a meeting , in a sense . 
B:  It actually doesn't have a whole lot of  m speech stuff to it . 
B:  It 's  
B:  Higher level , yeah . 
B:  I don't remember . 
B:  It might have been . 
B:  Yeah . We had to get some  
B:  Did he ever figure out how to d switch between applications like he was wanting to do ? 
B:  He did ? 
B:  How is he gonna do it ? 
B:  Yeah . Yeah , he  
B:  he  
B:  Right . 
B:  No . He said he tried that , but he didn't like it because it , 
B:  uh  
B:  it took it out of the , um , 
B:  presentation mode . 
B:  Oh ! 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh , so what do you have to do ? 
B:  You have olt  Alt Tab and  
B:  Ah .  OK . And then it won't  
B:  And then you can come back to your full screen version of your presenta 
B:  Oh ! 
B:  How much memory does he have ? 
B:  How much memory does he have ? 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Wow ! 
B:  So , are we the only ones who are giving demo ? Or is , uh , Washington gonna have a demo too ? 
B:  or  ? 
B:  Oh !  OK . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah , I see . 
B:  Oh , my gosh . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  No . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Display the features . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So you see , like , the F - zero contour ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh , neat . 
B:  Was this code that you downloaded to do this ? 
B:  Or was it  
B:  Hmm . 
B:  At SRI dot com ? 
B:  No , i 
B:  It sounded like a URL , the way you were saying it , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  So what I mean is , like  the implementation that you used was something that you coded up here ? 
B:  Or you grabbed code from somewhere else ? 
B:  Ah . 
B:  I see . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah , it 's done now . 
B:  She said it was much faster . 
B:  It really helped a lot to have that . 
B:  So , um , you know , there were a l 
B:  From scratch . 
B:  Yeah . So  
B:  No , f no . So from the point where we s take it , it 's faster . 
B:  u So it 's sorta like doing things in parallel . 
B:  You know ? So if , you know , if they can be working on that while we 're working on the other things , then when we get them in , they don't have to do that one from scratch , basically . 
B:  Yeah , th Right now it is taking a bit of time to turn around the meetings from IBM , 
B:  part 
B:  There 's  there 's several problems . 
B:  One is , um , we were giving them these large files , 
B:  which they then had to split up and put onto cassette tapes . 
B:  So either ninety minute or sixty minute tapes , 
B:  so they had to try to find an appropriate place to break this large file that we gave them . 
B:  So one of the things that we did is , Adam made a modification to th his script that generates this so you can tell it that you want , uh , basically , uh , chunks that are no more than either thirty or forty - five minutes . 
B:  And then we can give those to IBM 
B:  and it 'll make it easier for them to put them on tape . 
B:  Um , then the other thing is that these  pool of transcribers that they 're using , um , sort of are not dedicated to  to our project , 
B:  but are in use for all IBM projects , 
B:  and IBM has recently giving  given them uh , a whole bunch of stuff . 
B:  So it 's gonna , sort of delay us . 
B:  Hmm , that 's an interesting idea . 
B:  Yeah . So the only difference would be , we would be putting the stuff on tape versus IBM . 
B:  And then we could send  If  if we had that process down , of putting the audio onto tape , 
B:  we can send IBM the tapes or we can send this transcription place the tape 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , u u 
B:  So , I don't know where the bottleneck was . 
B:  Was the bottleneck in breaking this large file up into the appropriate size chunks ? or was it actually putting it onto the tape ? 
B:  Exactly . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , so how do we do that ? 
B:  How would we put  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So plug i So , like , the headphone output in the back of the computer ? 
B:  Line - out into the line - in on a tape player , 
B:  and  
B:  Oh ! Well , that sounds pretty easy . 
B:  Mmm . 
B:  Yeah . But if it was at your desk or something  
B:  Well , <outbreath> they  There was  
B:  OK . 
B:  So th <outbreath> They , um , they gave  They 've given us  
B:  Since we started doing this new , uh , beep format with " beep number beep " , 
B:  they 've given us , uh , I think , two full , uh , transcripts . 
B:  They have a third one 
B:  and Brian just sent me a note saying " oh , that third one somehow slipped through the cracks of their tr of the eh  transcriptionists ' , uh , s company " . 
B:  And so there 's gonna be delay of a week before we get that third one back . 
B:  And I 've already given him three more to work on , 
B:  but he said those new three won't get done until this big chunk of data has been processed by the company . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah , they 're working away . 
B:  They 're just doing  
B:  Right , right . 
B:  So what we do is , uh , when I go to um , select meetings for IBM , I go into the um  
B:  well , into the  <paper shuffling noises> the , uh , master sheet here with the statuses 
B:  and I pick ones that Thilo has , um , pre - segmented , 
B:  and I change the status to " Trans - IP IBM " , 
B:  so that , you know , when Jane or whoever goes to select the next meeting they won't choose one of those . 
B:  And , um  
B:  So I 'm not picking huge chunks , right now , of meetings for them , 
B:  but  
B:  Mm - hmm . That 's a good idea . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Huh . 
B:  So when that thing  When it stutters like that , is it because there 's a delay getting the data off a disk ? Or is it because there 's a delay in the D to A ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I see . 
B:  Maybe we could do it from a w a PC or something . 
B:  Yeah . 


B:  Well , you know , I  I think David might have a bunch of o old P Cs , 
B:  cuz he 's replacing them with these new ones . 
B:  Maybe we could get one , 
B:  and just dedicate it to doing this . 
B:  Not even hook it u 
B:  Well , <mouth> I guess we need to hook it to the network 
B:  so we can get the files to it , 
B:  but 
B:  Uh , 
B:  Yeah . Right . 
B:  And then just use that machine to hook up to the tape . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We don't need a powerful machine to do these things , 
B:  right ? 
B:  So , one of these old Pentiums that we have  
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Should talk to him about that . 
B:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  That 's why I wanted to avoid having to do that if we could , 
B:  but  
B:  It 's just another  
B:  They have a um  a device that , you put the cassette in 
B:  and it has a foot pedal that lets you go back and forth and stuff like that . 
B:  So . 
B:  I guess they haven't got a p 
B:  Really ! 
B:  Y can you send them huge audio files ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Huh ! 
B:  That 's interesting . 
B:  Well , that 's true . 
B:  Are  How big are these files that we send to Brian ? 
B:  Really ? 
B:  That big ? 
B:  I thought it was , like , a hundred megs . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  That 's still pretty dang big . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  Wha - whatever you generate . 
B:  Yeah , the last ones you did were compressed . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Wonder if the ones before that were shortened . 
B:  Cuz it 's all  

B:  Mmm . 
B:  Hmm ! 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  What will that do ? 
B:  Is that going to  ? 
B:  Oh , so we can get rid of the uh  
B:  Oh ! That 'll be nice . 
B:  I should be around . 
B:  Experiments ? 
B:  Yeah , I guess that 's probably next . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Something about  
B:  Demo . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh , I made a  
B:  Oh , but that 's not specific to Meeting Recorder . 
B:  I was gonna say I took some  a suggestion of Adam 's , 
B:  and I , um , created a m CGI script that lets you see the current status of the speech disks . 
B:  So if you go to the speech local web page , and then there 's a disk status page . 
B:  You can click on that 
B:  and it 'll query Abbott , 
B:  and give you a  a list of all the disks that we have 
B:  and then , uh , what 's on each one , 
B:  and then it shows how big the disk is 
B:  and what percent full it is . 
B:  So . 
B:  And that 's , you know , each time you go there , it 's updated . 
B:  So . 
B:  The new disks are installed . 
B:  If you need space just let me know . 
B:  I have to create the p appropriate sub - directory . 
B:  So we 're s kinda trying to keep  even the scratch ones we 're keeping a little organized , where we put a y a U doctor speech data , 
B:  and then I 'll either create a sub - directory for , like if it 's Meeting Recorder project , or Hub - five or whatever . 
B:  So we c 
B:  I just have to create those sub - directories , 
B:  and 
B:  No . 
B:  No . 
B:  Nnn . 
B:  It 's all scratch . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh , DE , which is where we 're putting all the meeting stuff  
B:  No , it 's D E . 
B:  D E 's not full . 
B:  DD 's full . 
B:  That was the first one . 
B:  Or , that was the last one that w filled up , 
B:  and  DE still had like , 
B:  last time I looked it was like seven gigs or something . 
B:  So . 
B:  And each meeting is roughly half  a gig , 
B:  and so . 
B:  We 're getting close . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Morgan said something about stopping at the end of the year . 
B:  Like when we get around a hundred meetings . 
B:  Um , because there 's gonna be data coming from UW , hopefully by then . 
B:  Yeah , it feels funny , 
B:  huh ? 
B:  If we have the capability . 
B:  Now that we 're used to recording , it 's like , eh , well , why not keep going ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  We have right now , like , seventy - five or seventy - six hours of meetings . 
B:  But aren't we still using the , uh , compressed  
B:  Oh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , we need to figure something out , 
B:  cuz the  Abbott is basically  
B:  e e We can't add anymore disks to it . 
B:  We can increase the size of the disks that are on it , 
B:  but that will only take us so far . 
B:  So , um , 
B:  David had the suggestion about , you know , new servers and things like that , 
B:  and so I 'm gonna see if we can talk to Morgan about getting some money for a new disk server . 
B:  And , uh  
B:  Yeah , it would have to replace Abbott , basically . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , he  David 's planning to get new servers anyways for all of the main servers . 
B:  I think he wants to sorta go with the same type of machine for all of these . 
B:  But , um  
B:  Yeah , <laugh> it 's full in there . 
B:  Have you seen it recently with all of the new machines that we got  
B:  uh , the SUN - Blade - one - hundreds ? 
B:  They 're like stacked up on benches and things all over . 
B:  It 's really crowded . 
B:  So . 
B:  Oh , yeah . Yeah , yeah . 
B:  They 're in the  Yeah , if you do a P - make  
B:  Oh ! I 've forgotten now . 
B:  Um . 
B:  Yeah . They 're in the P - make pool . 
B:  So if you do a " reginfo minus show attribute " , and 
B:  uh  
B:  A r 
B:  Yeah . Y 
B:  You can get a list of all the machines that are available to P - make , by using the command " reginfo 
B:  minus show - ATTR " . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And then , um  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  And  I for I 'm not sure what attributes we attach to the SUN - Blade - one - hundreds , 
B:  but it could be SB - one - hundred . 
B:  And so if you query for f all machines that have that attribute , then you should see the names of the new machines . 
B:  But . 
B:  Non - interactive  
B:  Well , there 's sort of . 
B:  There 's this one called  There 's the attribute called " no " <outbreath> What 's that called , uh , " n " " no " uh , " no - evict " . 
B:  Which is roughly that . 
B:  It 's  Although it 's like it h My machine has it on my desk . 
B:  So , I do get jobs running on my machine all the time . 
B:  Um , But , uh , 
B:  So  so that 's  that 's sort of what it is . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Sure . 
