D:  Okay . 
C:  And don't forget the  
D:  Oh yeah . 
A:  Um , so hi everyone . Thanks for coming to this meeting . Um <other> well as you all know the topic of this morning's meeting is uh the fact that we're moving and we are going to get more space . So that's a very good piece of news . Uh but we also have to find out how we use this space . So um if you want , I'll just give a brief overview of what's happening and then we can uh talk about , well , arranging these new uh  the new office space . So um in case you haven't seen the the documents uh let me just uh show you very briefly the the configuration of the the space . So um <other> well , there is nothing much to say . Well you know how many of us are are present and you know that we are um a bit tight actually in our present location . Uh that's why actually the university finally um allocated us this uh this part of uh the Unimail building . So it's at the sixth floor . And it's uh sort of contiguous rooms as you you can all see from uh from here . Um so the the the one P_ , two P_ , three P_ means the the number of persons . As you can see we have several corridor um with a number of uh of uh of rooms , of one person rooms , two person room and and three person rooms . Um actually I think Agnes did this nice drawing so she even put the the view , so we have the old town on one side , and the mountains on the other two sides . Uh we have some bathrooms for us . Uh and a courtyard which actually means a sort of uh shaft , because uh the court is uh down at uh the first floor . 
D:  Andre , just , yeah , just a a clarification question , are they  number of people per room indicated strict , or can we play around with ? I mean if there are two people , is it really that you can't put three or uh two and a half or uh how how was it calculated ? 
A:  Well , it's a bit difficult to say , because um in fact we have some constraints in terms of furniture . Uh they are here . So um well , your your person  Your your question actually is answered maybe by the third item . So each person should get um , well , it's a sort of desk , it's made of two pieces and it looks like a corner . With , of course , a chair . Uh a filing cabinet that goes under the desk uh and , well , we can put hanging shelves over the the desks . So I'm not really sure it's possible to get three um three desks in a two person office . But um we could try . What's  What should be said here , I don't know if , well , <other> you  I I will maybe distribute now documents if you don't have them . Maybe it's easier . Do you need something , Martin ? Um , I can keep this for you . Uh so it's it's  Yeah , you have a copy , Susan . You too David , I think . So in fact there are more places than people , so we won't be that constrained . Uh as you know some of us and some of you here actually , Martin and David are part-time . So it it's for the moment quite comfortable . Normally we should even get an extra uh an extra place for , you know , temporary people coming to work on uh on projects . Uh yeah , I uh  yeah , I counted so we have um fifteen pers physical persons and about uh sixteen , I think , uh persons  oh , actually , eighteen persons in the offices . 
D:  'Kay . Mm-hmm . I have everything . Okay , so  
C:  I have a copy . Yeah . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Are you sure of that ? Mm-hmm . 
C:  Two  Six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Okay , so let me finish with the the constraints which are almost done . So we also need to to find the  a spot for the photocopier , the fax machine , and the printer . The fax , you know , is very small , but um the photocopier is quite huge , and the printer is uh well ab this size . Um okay , the offices comes with white boards . Not very uh very important . Uh the furniture that w each each person has and uh you have a list of people . So the thing uh you you ought to know is that we're not the only ones that w we're thin that that are thinking about uh for  well , about putting people i in these rooms . Um there is another group that is also having discussions . So the idea is that today we'll just try to f start seeing the main constraints and then you have time to to go and think about it uh ask the people you know , your assistants , for instance , and at the next meeting we'll try to to come with one solution . Uh , the other group will also propose a solution and then there will be another negotiation . So w 
C:  And if we don't get this space then what happens ? 
A:  Uh if i if we don't get these ? Um , well basically they are promised to us so uh  Do do you think there are chances that they take from us one of the rooms or uh  
C:  These , yeah . 
D:  We j we stay where we are . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Yeah , I I I think it's uh  Uh , <other> yeah . 
D:  No the the the chances might be that there are more people to put in that space . 
A:  Yeah i yeah , that's one of the the problems . 


A:  I think maybe we should take this into account and maybe think of some of the bigger rooms with four people , one being temporary or or part-time . Um okay , so maybe we could try to to see now what would be the main options . Say the general uh , well , arrangement options . Do you think that we should put people , say , according to projects for instance ? In in the table that um that we have , uh we also have the uh uh the p the main projects on which the people are working . So how  Yeah . Mm-hmm . 
A:  But let us try to see today whether we prefer to organise people , say , by projects or just professor and assistant . 
D:  That's why I was quite receptive to uh Susan's remark at the beginning is <other> I wouldn't formulate it in a such a an extreme way as , do we really need the lounge ? But uh I would p probably formulate it in the way that uh , do we want to have only a lounge or s something that can be used only as a reading room ? 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Because because meeting rooms to me are very important tools to do uh collaborative work . 
A:  Mm-hmm . So I think we need a  
D:  But on the other hand we also have to relax , so that's  
A:  Yeah , and and I think also we need a separate discussion on the furnishing of the lounge , which is a whole other topic . <laugh> 
D:  Yes . Yes . 
C:  Well , yeah , we'll skip that for now . 
A:  Uh okay . So that's uh I have to to ask , so you don't really feel um very strongly attached to this uh grouping by projects idea ? Mm-hmm . Um  
D:  Yep . Yeah , right , that's the point . No . 
C:  No . No , because they can share their ideas across the project , yeah , I would say . 
D:  Coffee machines are that  made for that . 
A:  Yeah , exactly . 
B:  But uh usually , whe when new assistants come , they would like to share the room with someone that knows uh l uh it's related with the project , so he can  
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  No , that's that's  proximity doesn't play a big role there . We can discuss with people that the the space is very small , I mean , altogether it's  
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah , they they can change . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  And uh you don't y you don't need to discuss about the projects , you f more need about th to discuss about where is the printer , how do I get furniture , I'm  I don't have a a pencil , where is the the box with the pencils , and so on . This is not project related . 
B:  No , okay . 
C:  <other> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  No , and if you look now at their uh the the current division of the offices , for example , uh Bruno and Agnes are sharing an office and they're working on totally different projects and and they're they're just fine with that . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , I think that's that's going to be one of the the main things we'll have to ask is whether people have strong preferences either in staying with someone or in uh not staying . 
D:  But Andre , just a comment abou about your your previous uh request . I I don't think that anyone will provide you information such as who doesn't want to be with whom . That's a typical uh <other> output of ex uh research in expert systems . These are the rules that you never get . But uh you can get them through a proposal . So you propose a set-up , where people are with other peoples and they will find politically correct ways to tell you that uh they don't want to have a view on the mountains , but they prefer to have view on the old town , so they would be in   the toilets . <laugh> They would um p prefer to be in another room . 
C:  <other> 
B:  <laugh> Yeah yeah yeah . <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . Mm-hmm . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  The other way . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  O on the toilets or  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm-hmm . 


A:  Um , okay so I think  Well , this sets a bit uh the stage . Uh could we try  So could you try please to uh  Do you want an extra uh piece of paper ? Maybe try to , well , think on your own and then talk a little bit just to the people around you . 
D:   job . Again uh uh um , Andre , I think that the only realistic way we can do is to speak for our for ourselves . I can tell you according to what I know now where I would like or would be ready to be , but I really don't see how I could decide for uh Maggie or Pierrette or whoever else on the list , that they should be there . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . No the point was to try to , well , just talk to them , to David , or  
C:  We're gonna have to . 
D:  Yeah , b why why couldn't we do like  couldn't we do it like for for the the set-up of meetings . You you  <laugh> everyone received that and uh should provide  Yeah , I would like to be here . And then you will have this multi-constraint problem and uh you work during two hours and you come up with the optimal solution . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Yeah . So w w w will you ask people just for their place or also for the other people's place ? <laugh> Because  Uh-huh . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah , I would I would ask for their place . I mean that's that's that's the important thing you want to know . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  W what abou what about the the the cafeteria ? I mean , we are going to purchase a cafeteria with a projector and all this altogether or  Reading room , yeah . It's altogether . 
A:  Well , but that's  
D:  Uh it's a reading room . Reading room , it's not a cafeteria . 
B:  So in the living room  
D:  But that that's an open question whether it's a it's a it's a it  At the origin it was supposed to be a f pure reading room for relaxing , uh reading the newspapers , et cetera , et cetera . Uh there has been a very long discussion about that . I stinct uh this discussion is still vivid , that some of the people , I bel belong to these people , would like to have a mixed room where you can have a reading room for sure , but also meeting room if necessary . Or , as uh Susan said , a room  an emergency room where you can put uh some visitors in a decent environment for for for for work , because you don't have any other place to do it . But that's that's really an open discussion and that d I think no decision , no final decision has been taken about that . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Yeah . <other> Okay , th then  Okay then for the next time , um try to come up either with your own preferences , that's quite easy probably to state now that you know the constraints , or if you can poll a little bit the people around you , that would be  I mean , even  
D:  Yes . Yes . <laugh> The one that I don't want to have in the next room ? <laugh> 
A:  Well , just discuss i Yeah , for instance , I mean  No , no , I was thinking just ask people around you <other> what they think about this . And I think , yeah , it will be nice to to come with maybe a sketch of of these . If you can do slides , it's even better , but uh don't be that formal . And uh we'll try to at least build up one coherent proposal , and we'll merge it with the other one when the other one uh is available . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . Okay . 
C:  Okay , I'll ask um uh Maggie and Pierrette uh if they have uh any preferences . 
A:  Um . Oh , great . 
D:  That would be great . That would be great . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Perfect . 
D:  C that that of course is one of the main  well not main but one of the important features that we need to know about . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  No . Yeah , since they're not at the meeting I think it's in  out of courtesy we should first ask them . 
D:  Yes . 
A:  And I'll try to  
D:  Yes . 


B:  Bu I ju just before finishing uh , I mean , we have a cafeteria or we don't eat at all ? 
A:  Fine . 
D:  We don't have cafeteria . 
A:  What do you mean by cafeteria exactly ? 
C:  He means reading room . 
B:  A place n what mm uh we can take a coffee also . 
A:  What  
D:  No , there is no coffee in the reading room . 
B:  No ? 
D:  That was the wrong  We <laugh> we did not have any money for buying the coffee machines , so  
A:  Yeah , w we can bring your coffee in the reading room , but  So so since maybe , you're a part-time here , and part-ti part-time at E_P_F_L_ , there are at least two um coffee machines in the building , one at the third floor , one at the first floor . And we can bring our coffee . No uh automatic uh coffee machines . So uh yeah . But , in  
B:  <laugh> But they close at five or  ? Ah okay . 
C:  No . Coffee machines . 
B:  Okay , okay . 
C:  No , there's the cafeteria is downstairs , but they close at five . 
B:  Yeah , yeah , this . 
A:  Uh-huh . 
D:  Five . 
B:  Ah that's the main problem . <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , but there's the two machines , and they're uh the vending machines where you just put the money and and you can get  Yeah . Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  <other> 
D:  And 
A:  Yeah , vending machines . 


A:  Mm-hmm . Okay . <other> Yeah , maybe this is not a very bad timing . Could we try to meet uh next Tuesday ? <laugh> Um , next Tuesday maybe at t maybe a bit later ? Maybe at eleven o'clock ? 
D:  you can bring your coffee in the reading room . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  T to try the coffee ? <laugh> 
C:  Wait . 
D:  Wait , wai wai wai wait . Next Tuesday . 
C:  Wait , wait . Tuesday um  
D:  Uh , well well well well , not so easy , eh ? 
A:  Come on , try try to be nice . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Gi give me a reasonable date . 
B:  Yes , I ha I have no constraints , so it's fine . <laugh> 
C:  Ch <other> Um we have the  don't forget we have the other meeting the M_D_M_ meeting in the morning , so it would have to be in the afternoon . 
A:  Yeah , for me it's a good timing . Uh-huh , okay . 
D:  Next Tuesday we have a meeting , yeah . That might be  Where is the meeting ? It's Unimail ? 
C:  Yeah . Exactly . Yeah . 
D:  Okay , so , yeah yeah , then it could be that  
C:  At nine thirty , but we could do  we could have this meeting then in the afternoon . Nah ? 
D:  That  yeah . That that would be great , because that would allow us not to move , or not to travel twice . 
A:  Okay . Mm-hmm . Very well . So about two o'clock ? Would that be okay ? After lunch . It's not a very demanding meeting , so um  Perfect . Um , then let me close this . 
C:  Yep . Okay . Yeah . Okay . 
D:  Yeah , after lunch . Right . Yep . Okay . 
A:  <other> And uh good luck for your arrangement games . <laugh> 
D:  Thank you . 
C:  <sharp inhale> 


