C:  Did you manage ? 
D:  Yeah , sh not quite . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  <pause filling noise> 
D:  You will see uh  
C:  Ah . <laugh> Hello . 
A:  Hello . So , are you d what were j you guys discussing ? 
C:  No , just uh ask if if he could manage . 
D:    Woah . Yeah . 
A:  Okay . Did you find anything new ? 
D:  Mm uh nothing special . Uh  
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  I have a lot of new information . 
D:  Yeah , the  for uh the trendy uh stuff . 
A:  Great , great . 
D:  A little bit . I uh now will show it . 
A:  Come on .  . 
C:  Hey , everything alright . Did you manage ? 
B:  Well , I had just a little bit of time , so  <laugh> I hope it's something uh we can work with . But  
C:  Okay . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  What's  uh here . <gasp> 
D:  Yeah , I had the same . It just uh 
C:  Do you have a lot of new information ? Do you have a lot of new information ? 
D:  shuts itself down and  
B:  Hmm ? Well , I heard that there was a new uh <other> component  speech recognition component , which was pretty much up to standard , so we might use that  I put that in my drawing , but again I didn't not have that much time . So  
D:  Oh . 
C:  <other> That's true . 
A:  And there we are . 
C:  <other> Huh . Alright . I have a lot of new information . I have a complete list of uh everything that we can use , all the components that all av available . I have no  I still don't have any finance information , but at least we have a lot more to go on now 
A:  What the f oh , yeah uh . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  It doesn't do what I want it  
B:  Okay , that's just super . Let me just  
D:   . 
B:   uh  
A:  Okay fine , that's too bad . Yeah , I have to start our  
B:  You need to start it up first ? Okay . 
A:  'Kay . Okay , go again . Well second phase , conceptual design . It's fine , everybody knows what we're talking about . So , take you past the minutes of last meeting again . Again you get your three presentate to see what you came up with . So too bad we don't have any finance information apparently . So that's too bad . So then we'll just have to d uh have to go on , you know , the information that we have to make the  make final decisions on uh on a conceptual design . So  <sharp intake of air> 
D:  Yep . 
A:  Here we go . Anyway , last w last w what discussed last time , you all remember that , that we have to keep the electronics size in mind . Same goes for you . We have to have an easy design with big buttons which are durable and there are people actually spen willing to spend money to do  to get more features and uh among those features L_C_D_ screen and voice recognition are very popular . So we have to make a move on that area , I guess . S especially s when when the new uh component is applicable in our uh product , we'll be fine . Anyways , well teletext wasn't important  and that's  what I took . And the consumer , yeah , we aim for young consumers , so that's fine . And well actually we  yeah , we did need some more data on finances , but w yeah we still don't have that apparently . That's too bad . Yeah , we need to im de we are going to implement the beep and the flash thing to recover your remote . So  one of these interchangeable covers apparently which will make it a more fashionable product . So   anyway . 
D:  Mm uh-huh . 
A:  Guess we'll have to do this after the after the  you give your presentations . 


A:  So I'll just close this one now , and let's  uh let's see ,  . We have a lot to tell . You had a lot to go on . So uh how about you go first . 
B:  Okay , what t 
D:  I bet  
C:  Yep , that's right . 
B:  Okay , yeah . 
D:  Oh okay . 
A:  <other> 
D:  <other> 
C:  Let's see where my 
A:  <other> 
C:  presentation is . 
A:  <cough> 
C:  Okay , um this I mentioned before . 
A:  Um  Yeah , hold on a minute . Were were you  we're finished ? Or  
C:  No , but that's that's okay . 
A:  Oh . Because if there's something that  
C:    
B:  'Cause you wanted to see them , right ? 
C:  There is still time . 
A:  'Cause have  did you have all the materials ? Or everything that you desc 
C:  Yes , this was uh the last M_S_ . I have a clear picture . 


A:  Okay , so uh just just go for design for now . Just m have a seat for a second . Uh  
C:  <other> 
A:  We'll combine everything after this . 
B:  So this is basically the deluxe edition . 
A:  Why is it s why is it squared ? 
B:  I j Why is it square ? 
A:  Why did you pick square ? Or uh not square , but why is it   yeah , sharp corners . 
B:  It  'cause it's designy . It's basically  it has some futuristic  Potentially , yeah . I don't really know . But I just thought that uh in normal remote controls you have like smooth curves and this and that , and this is something new , this is something different , something fresh . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:   
D:  People  
A:  Looks like a Star Trek phaser . <laugh> <other> It's true . 
B:  And basically what you can see here is that it has a little , yeah , let's say gap which you can put your finger in . 
D:  Ri 
A:  Yeah . Or  Okay , so just  yeah , you can rest it on your finger . Okay . 
D:  So only r right-handed . 
B:  So you can you can hold it really comfortable , that's basically the idea . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  But it  but it's only right-handed then . Not for the left . Or  
B:  Or left hand . I doesn't really matter . 
A:  No , it just uh  it's a curve inside a thing . So  
C:  Hmm . 
B:  As you can see , this is the remote control 
D:  Where ? Wher 
A:  It's on the back . 
D:  Oh in the back , okay . Oh yeah yeah . 
B:  Uh you can't really see it that well , but this is the L_C_D_ screen . So just imagine it goes that way . Then you can see you can hold it in your left or in your right hand . And I also made a quick image , 'cause I did not have that much time , 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Yeah , I think it's okay . 
D:  Oh yeah yeah . Okay . Yeah . Yeah yeah . Yeah . I thought it  
B:  of the standard edition which has basically the keys are pretty much the same . 
A:  Keys are probably the n the number keys , I suppose . 
B:  Yeah . I had to do this really fast . So excuse me for the uh inconvenience here , but as you can see , the keys moved . 
A:  Okay . Well , you can work on the actual concept or actual design later with him . But  
B:  Yeah . So these are basically the two types we have . So if we were to select the L_C_D_ screen , the transmitter here , you can see the light i 
A:  Well , I think what you have to keep in mind is that um you're moving the the the number keys from the top . Uh in the the simple design you have them at a top , and the uh complex design you have them at the bottom . So it would  that would give us a totally different design . So  which actually making a whole different product instead of two different models . I think it would be very expensive to produce two whole different products . So  
B:  Well we can shift that . But normally , as you can see there , we put the uh number buttons right on top . <other> Whereas because we had the L_C_D_ screen here , we had to move them downward , so what you could say is that  
A:  <other> Yeah ,  uh  or for example , why did you pick the mm the numbers uh all the way below , and the and the channels and volume control  
B:  Because these are basically the functions you use the most . So if you hold it in your hand like this , you put your finger in the gap , this is the m most easy part . 
D:  Well it  it's  yeah . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Bit . 
C:  Hmm , I agree . 
B:  For zapping , cau because people are zapping most of the time . 
A:  That's fine . That's fine . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Just as long as you tak took it into consideration what people would prefer . Uh , okay if you all agree , I'm fine with it . But  
C:  Hmm . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay . So that's pretty much ha which I had in mind . As you can see here , this can be spaced for extra keys , which is the design thingys . 
A:  Okay . <other> 


D:  No it  maybe it's better to look uh what the people want . So I can uh show my uh investigation . 
A:  Yeah , I think we'll  I think we're going towards the deluxe edition anyway , because that seems to be what the people want . But let's see what's what they want now . 
D:  Yeah , maybe it's better . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Especially for young people . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Um where is that  ? Where is th 
A:  That's mine . 
D:  <other> Oh . Uh  
A:  No , you should send it to the f to the folder first . 
D:  Yeah . Mm I forgot that . 
A:  Okay um , let's just assume we go to forty  one . 
D:  Okay , now it must be there . Yeah , here it is . Oh yeah . 
D:  So uh rubber , I think uh th that's the best . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Hmm . No . Yeah , uh I agree . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Then rubber would be the best as a material indeed . If that is the uh  
D:  No . So we are uh  we were focussing uh on the younger people . So the elder , yeah , they wanted a little bit of wood in it and uh that's uh th that's not uh important now . 
A:  I think so . 
C:  Okay , agreement . 
A:  Okay . Okay , so we're definitely going for rubber . 
B:  It could be a c it could be a cover . But <other> it's not . Our focus is the young audience . So let's stick to that . 
D:  Yeah . Yeah , but  
A:  Let's just go 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh-huh . 
D:  'Cause uh n I I I I thought uh it makes a young uh classic remote with uh  
A:  Nah , I think we're  in this case you're losing the the focus on the young group , because we're  that's what we're focussing on . So I think the spongy feel gives us rubber . 
D:  Yeah , that's why I I d uh decided  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  With a fruit uh 
A:  Yeah , w th apparently  
D:  cover ov or something like that . Uh  
A:  Yeah , apparently  


A:  So we decided on what what did you guys wanna know again because this is um  anyway , I'll fire up my thing . So  so we come to a decision . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Hmm . 
B:  Did you present e everything you wanted to ? 
C:  Yep . So I can uh qui oh . I can quickly make a conclusion 
B:  Okay . 
A:  Uh what the  
C:  of what we have decided so far . 
B:  Uh we still need to decide on a couple of things you you needed to know . 
A:  Ah . Yeah . 
A:  You doodle a  doodle us a nice nice design for for the next meeting , we'll be done . I think we're all happy now . 
C:  Well  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yep . 
A:  Yeah , we should  too bad we don't have the finance . We could've  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <other> Do you have all your answers ? Okay . 
C:  <other> I have all my answers , yes . 
A:  Yeah , it's  I'm not sure if we're if we're gonna get finance anyway because I thought we cou I thought it was gonna be an issue at the first time we started . I thought it was gonna be a cost issue which material we were gonna take relative to the advanced chips or anything . So you just do whatever you like and uh doesn't care what it costs . 
D:  I have to call this in a form . 
C:  Hmm . Hmm . Hmm . There is  I have one question . Hmm . Hmm . I only have one question with the material , but I don't have information that . We've chosen rubber . 
A:  I think we're  rubber is not expensive . Definitely . 
C:  No , but can we make yellow rubber ? I think so 
A:  You can make rubber in any colour . In any colour . So  I mean you can't make yellow titanium , but you can make yellow rubber . 
B:  Yes , you can colour rubber , yeah . 
D:  Ah . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  But we ha w we don't uh use our reco uh we uh  removable cover ? No , huh ? 
C:  Mm . Okay . 
A:  Uh yeah we can make uh  for example it's just something you can click on it like uh  that's  but it's not som not  apparently that's not something we're working with in the basic design . So  . 
D:  Maybe maybe later , maybe we can uh  
C:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah , it could be . It can be done , for e 


