D:  If you 're popular . 
E:  One two three four five six   I 'm on seven . 
A:  We 're on . 
C:  It 's probably the P Z Ms . <laugh> 
F:  Yeah . <laugh> 
A:  So , I think we pre - crashed , so I think we 're OK . 
F:  Pre - crashed . 
A:  So it should be a really short meeting , I hope . 
topic_description:	opening


A:  Uh , agenda items , number one , I wanna talk  since we were just discussing that  is microphone issues . What the heck are we gonna do about microphones ? 
A:  So uh I got passed on that the EDU group doesn't like the 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  Oh . 
A:  uh , Crown mikes . I do . I l I think  I find them very comfortable . Uh , but it seems to depend on your head shape . 
B:  Who does ? <laugh> 
F:  I do . 
F:  Yeah , I do too . 
E:  So you guys need to start going to the EDU meetings . 
B:  I see . 
B:  They don't work for me very well . I much prefer these . 
A:  That 's right . 
D:  Yeah right . 
A:  Yep . Um , 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Me too . 
C:  So do I . 
E:  I prefer these , but I don't mind using those . 
A:  Right . 
D:  Th - those are intimidating . 
A:  So apparently they  they like 
A:  It has one good effect , that people are trying to get there early because the people who get there early get to pick the mike . 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> OK . 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  Interesting . 
A:  People who show up late have to use these . So , 
A:  um , we should probably get different mikes . So the question is , the easiest thing to do is certainly to just get two more , um , 
A:  Sony mikes . 
A:  Just two more of those , um . And that  that 's easy and that will certainly work . 
A:  The other option is to try yet another mike . 
F:  <inbreath> 
A:  Find one we like and potentially get six , all the same . 
F:  I have a question about this . 
F:  Are the auditory quality  Is it , uh , much different between this kind and the  the fancy ones ? 
A:  Um , these are better , if they 're worn correctly . 
F:  They are . 
E:  Those are better than the Sonys ? 
F:  OK . 
C:  Have you  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , definitely . 
C:  Have you listened to  to  them ? 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah ? 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
A:  So , I mean , they 're not a lot better , but they are a little better . 
D:  Are they more directional , the microphones , as far as  
A:  Um , they 're more directional , a little better error  uh , noise cancellation , and also you can really get it right in front of your mouth , like this , whereas that one , to avoid breath noise , you really have to put it at  to the side . 
D:  OK . 
A:  So you seem to get better signal with this one . 
F:  The other thing is , is it just a few people who don't like them in the EDU group ? Cuz  
A:  I don't know , but  you know , in  in sort of random polling <laugh> 
B:  L Liz  Liz said something that leaves me believing that nobody likes them . 
B:  They are ver 
F:  Gosh , cuz I much prefer them , I think they 're a whole lot , multiple levels , better . 
F:  It seems a shame t to discard  discard them if  if they 're better auditory quality and there 're only a few people who dis who object . 
A:  I mean , so s 
B:  Right . 
E:  Yeah , that 's why I was saying if we could just unplug them and plug them in . 
A:  Well , I mean , that 's the other option , is that we could switch the form so it 's more obvious the distinction between channel and mike , um , and then get 
E:  <clears throat> 
B:  You know , pretty  
B:  <breath-laugh> 
A:  duplicates . I mean , there 's no problem with that . It 's just  what  
B:  Hmm . 
A:  Should we get just more Sony ones ? I hate the Sony ones . 
D:  Which ones are those ? 
A:  b the one you 're wearing . Because it  it pinches  
D:  The one I 'm wearing ? Oh . 
C:  Those . 
D:  Oh . 
A:  pinches the temples too much . 
F:  <inbreath> And  
A:  I mean , so , if you wear it sort of around the back , it 's not too bad . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
F:  I hate it because it 's hard to adjust the microphone . I mean , I spend all this time fumbling around with it and still not 
A:  But I  
A:  Right . 
F:  reasonable , yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  So , I mean , we could try another mike . 
A:  But then we have the wiring issue , and    So I  I don't know what to do . What do  what do people think ? 
C:  But the problem is again the  the plug , or  ?  
C:  Wh - 
A:  The plug is proprietary . So that 's why I was saying getting more Sony ones is trivial , because we can just go out and buy them . Any other ones we have to buy them in pigtail versions and get them wired . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  <mouth> 
F:  OK , n now may maybe I just don't know this but , um , are the only two possibilities from Sony the two that we 've tried ? Or is there another  
A:  Yes . 
A:  So , the only possibilities from Sony are that one and the lapel mike . 
F:  I see . OK . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Oh , I see . 
A:  So this isn't Sony . This is Crown . The one we 're wearing . 
F:  Isn't that something . OK . 
A:  And so we had these wired for us . 
F:  Oh . I see . OK . 
E:  Well , it s It seems like right now if  if u what they 're complaining are those , if we just got two more of these   
A:  And so  
F:  Huh , I remember that now . 
A:  I think that 's probably the right first step is just get two more immediately , and have them available . 
E:  Yeah . 
F:  OK . 
E:  And then they can just unplug those from the  
A:  Right . 
E:  transmitter . 
A:  And just make sure that you write down " Crown " or " Sony " on the mike number , which I 'll change to mike type , or something like that . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
F:  It might be good to double check at the end of the meeting too , cuz that would be an easy place for , uh , an error in the data . 
A:  Yep . 
F:  For it to be forgotten . 
A:  Well , it 'll be me  
A:  It 'll be whoever 's setting up the meeting , who fills out the key file , so 
F:  OK , it 's just  I 'm just thinking that if  it 'd be  yeah , but I know  but I mean to have the user fill it out wouldn't be as reliable as have the   
A:  It has the same potential for error as everything else . 
A:  No , no , we definitely would not have the user fill it out . It would be me , Chuck , or Liz , depending on which meeting it is . 
F:  Good , OK . 
F:  Perfect . 
F:  Perfect , OK . 
A:  OK , so we 'll de definitely go ahead and do that . 
E:  How much is it just to buy the mike ? 
A:  Couple hundred . 
E:  Really . 
A:  Yeah . 
F:  Is that more or less than you thought ? 
A:  It depends on how good the mike is . 
E:  Oh that 's way more than I thought . I  yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
F:  Oh , OK . 
D:  For one of these ? 
A:  Well the Crown ones were like two - fifty . I think those are like one - ninety . 
D:  God . 
C:  Oops .  <laugh> 
E:  Wow ! 
A:  But . 
E:  Is there any educational discount ? <laugh> 
A:  Yeah right .  
F:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  No . <laugh> 
C:  Student discount . 
A:  Yeah , good mikes are expensive . So . 
E:  And when I was at Computer Motion we used Shure , the SM - ten - A 's , and I think they were only like eighty bucks or something . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah , eighty or ninety for the Shures . So . 
E:  Yeah . But they were  they seemed pretty good . 
A:  I mean , the Sony ones are expensive because they 're proprietary , so they can charge whatever they want . These are expensive because they 're quite high quality . So . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Right , right . 
A:  So we should buzz  that out if we send the data to Sony . 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Ah , come on . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  We should keep a list of things we 're gonna bleep out and the conditions under which   
B:  <clears throat> 
A:  Well , I 'm just joking . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  So , you do not have to bleep that out . I don't mind if Sony knows my opinion . So . 
B:  Hmm . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Also , we 're pro I wanna double check with Morgan , he did say yes before I went to Japan on buying another wireless system so that we can go all wireless , instead of the mix of wired and wireless . And I think that 's the right thing to do . 
A:  And I 'm  
E:  So then all those red channels there would become wireless ones ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yep . 
E:  Cool . 
A:  Yep . 
D:  Uh - huh . 
A:  Four more wireless . 
A:  Um . 
A:  And also I 'm gonna re probably replace the Andrea mike with a Shure , but I 'll test it , uh , sometime today or tomorrow to make sure the Shure one really works , cuz I have an extra Shure in my office . 
E:  The Andrea mike ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , apparently it 's had some problems . 
C:  That 's causing problems , yeah . 
E:  Which one is the Andrea mike ? 
F:  It was over here sometimes . 
E:  A wired one ? 
C:  The  yeah a wired one . 
A:  Yeah . It 's uh  
E:  Well , if you 're gonna go to all wireless , 
E:  Oh , you mean in the meantime . 
A:  This one . 
A:  In the meantime , right , because uh  
E:  Ah , I see . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  it 'll  it 'll probably take a couple weeks to get it delivered from Sony anyway . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I haven't  In the meetings that I recorded s 
A:  So  
E:  It 's always been at most six people , so I 've never had to  
A:  Oh really ? Yeah . 
E:  Recently I haven't had to used any of the wired ones at all . 
A:  I guess cuz everyone 's been out of town . Probably over the summer it 'll be the same cuz it tends to be less , 
E:  Yeah . 
A:  fewer people . 
A:  Um , 
A:  File  
A:  Uh , done with microphone issues , I think ? 
B:  <outbreath> 
F:  Should we close the door ? 
A:  If you want . 
F:  Oh , I 'm thinking  I don't know about the acoustics . That 's  that 's all I was wondering about . 
A:  And this way we can get a door - slam in the uh  in the transcript file . 
C:  Yeah . <laugh> 
F:  Yeah that 's right , we gotta get the obligatory door - slam .  
A:  Oh well . No - not quite a slam . 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  There 's some knocks . 
A:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Get a special phone for that . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Uh , the door - slam phone ? 
F:  I guess , right , the door - slam phone . <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  You have a special phone ? 
B:  No , we could add one . 
E:  Oh , we could add one , yeah . 
A:  And then we could have the phone phone , 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> That 's an idea . 
A:  for  for when the phone rings . 
C:  <laugh> 
topic_description:	microphones


A:  Um , 
A:  Uh , file reorganization . 
A:  This is something we were talking about before I left and saying we should probably wait until after I 'm back , and now I 'm back , so , we should do that at some point . So we should 
A:  get ourselves a list of everything we wanna do to reorganize the file structure and anything else . 
B:  <inbreath>  
D:  To be OK .  
E:  You know what would be a  
E:  u I don't know if this would mess other things up , but  
E:  It seems like kind of a pain to have all these split up files around . What would be easier would be like pointers . 
A:  The list , yep . 
E:  You know , lists like " original wavefile , start , end " . 
A:  Start end . 
E:  This is  
A:  Yep , the way Feacalc  calc does it . 
B:  Right , the  the only reason we do this is because the  the SRI front - end doesn't have a way to  to um <mouth> 
B:  go into a l a longer file with indices . 
B:  Um , so I  I suppose 
D:  And segment on the fly .  
B:  someone could try to put a hack like that into the   
A:  It would be easy . 
A:  It wouldn't be hard at all . Someone just needs to d sit down and do it who has some time . 
B:  So . 
B:  But there 's also some  I guess  
A:  And that way we wouldn't have multiple versions floating around . About the only difficulty with that is if it 's compressed . 
A:  Then you really do have to decompress it first . 
B:  That 's true . 
A:  Right ? Because the pointers are  
A:  Y you don't know how much it 's comp 
A:  It doesn't compress it by a fixed amount . 
B:  Exactly . Right right right right right . 
E:  Well , is there  is there  is there a NIST routine which 
E:  can seek 
E:  in a compressed file but with uncompressed indices ? 
B:  I don't think so . 
A:  And  yeah I mean , that  it  
B:  No , no . I mean , if you  
B:  Th - the  the  the  
B:  If you can operate on the full  
B:  If you don't have to segment it , then there would be less of a reason to do the compression , because you don't have that wasted  
E:  <clears throat> 
E:  Right . 
B:  that extra copy . So . 
E:  Right we  I mean the original Switchboard files are not compressed , right ? So we could leave those as they are . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
A:  Well , I mean , it just depends on how much disk space is a problem . I mean the  what you could do is decompress it to a temporary place and then operate on it and then delete it . 
B:  Right . 
A:  But . 
B:  I mean , the segmentation also saves you space in the sense that you cut out all the nonspeech regions . 
C:  Just silences , yeah . 
B:  And if you have , you know , twenty channels and only five speakers , then it 's  
A:  That 's true . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Well , assuming you 'd  Yeah . Assuming that you then off - load the original 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Switchboard files . 
B:  So . 
B:  <outbreath> 
D:  Mmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , it seems like just shortening them is a good short - term solution so we don't have to do any coding . 
E:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  But I think  kind of  We 've had  There was a big disk crash when you were gone and  
A:  So . 
A:  No , it was  I was still here . It was the day I left . <laugh> 
D:  Oh was that the day you left ? 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
D:  That 's suspicious . 
E:  He did it on purpose . 
D:  Yeah . 
E:  <laugh> 
D:  Leave to Japan the day the disk crashes . 
A:  No if I  if I had done it on purpose I would have timed it right after I left .  
E:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
D:  But , um  Yeah so , Chuck helped me out in , uh , r 
D:  regenerating all the cha the different channel files for like a few meetings  for like six meetings . So I think they 're split up even further . It 's kind of even more disorganized now since 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
D:  we moved some of the meetings to different directories . 
D:  They 're on a different disk even , right ? 
D:  I think  you  didn't you expand them to XE on Abbott ? 
E:  Are they ? 
F:  XF . 
D:  No , you  the ones that 
F:  Oh , different ones ? 
D:  You  the ones that you put them on when you put them on XE . 
E:  I don't remember where I put them now . 
D:  I think you put them on XE . So . 
E:  OK . 
F:  Well what we  what we found out was that um the disk that crashed 
F:  was  it  w with a  with a meta disk allocation , you had both c t transcripts and the shortened files and the expanded files were all on XE  were on the same  sorry , different partitions of the same physical disk . 
E:  Physical disk . 
D:  Mmm . 
F:  And it 's conceivable I mean , I  I don't  I mean , so um , I was told that it 's possible that that might have , uh , caused additional wear on it . Maybe caused it to  to go bad sooner . 
D:  Hmm . 
A:  Well , I think there was something else going on , because uh Dave Johnson said that DD was getting accessed frequently . And it shouldn't be . 
F:  Oh . Uh - huh . 
A:  Right ? That data never gets touched , because we write it once and then we never touch it again . 
F:  Well , why not ? 
F:  Oh sure it does . 
E:  Yeah , after each meeting we copy the data to  
F:  Except that  
F:  Well , I mean , so the wavefiles , or  or anything at all , because the transcripts are there as well . 
A:  The wave files . 
A:  I mean , he was saying gigabytes . 
F:  Oh , gigabytes . I see . 
A:  And so , it has to be the wave files . 
E:  Yeah , there was something weird about that . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
A:  Yeah , so I asked Dave about it and he hasn't looked into it yet , but we should definitely double check on it . 
E:  Yeah like  like the same 
E:  meeting  shortened , files that we pull off of Popcorn when we 're done doing the recording , 
F:  Yeah . 
E:  looked , 
E:  to the backup software , as if they had been written , 
E:  you know , every single night , 
A:  Every night . 
F:  Is that right . 
E:  i for  f you know , a week in a row , which is really weird . 
F:  That 's very strange . I didn't realize that . OK . 
D:  Wow . 
A:  So at any rate , so for file reorganization we need to first decide what we 're gonna do and then when we 're gonna do it . 
E:  Yeah . 
A:  So I 'm not sure who isn't involved with that . I mean , certainly me , Chuck and Jane . Anyone else  care ? 
E:  <outbreath> 
B:  <breath-laugh> 
B:  No . 
topic_description:	file reorganisation


B:  Can I  can I just mention something ? 
A:  Sure . 
B:  Um , uh , I think the file regards reorganization . Also , um , another issue there is disk space probably , right ? Um , so 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I know that the files that you 've been cutting up for us 
B:  f for the recognition experiments , uh , one way  one really 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  brain  
B:  uh , brain - dead way of  of  of 
B:  not causing any trouble , but saving disk space is to , uh , use the s the 
B:  Sphere , the NIST , uh , W - encode program . 
B:  to  to encode , you know , to compress them . 
A:  Shorten . Is that the same as shorten ? 
B:  Uh , yeah , but it does it s it happens so that the program that reads the waveforms does the unshortening transparently . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , OK , you mean it 's built into the SRI , because we have the same thing with shorten in the sound tools . 
A:  So . 
B:  Y uh , I guess , but it 
B:  um , 
A:  So it 's just a question of  of what decompression is built into your tools . 
B:  Well , it 's  
E:  <mouth> Well like  Hhh .  
B:  It 's actually built into the Sphere library that NIST delivers , so  Right . 
A:  Oh really ? I didn't know that . 
B:  And actually , s the sound tools don't understand that . 
B:  For the  
E:  At least Feacalc doesn't . 
B:  At least Feacalc doesn't . So . 
A:  Well , that 's not a sound tool , right . 
B:  But since  since these files are made to be used with the SRI recognizer , 
B:  uh and the SRI front - end uses the Sphere library which in turn does this 
B:  transparently 
B:  um , 
B:  uh , that will be a quick and  
B:  quick and easy way to just , uh , get you know , uh , be able to use more  
D:  Yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  The other thing I could do to relieve some of the pressure um is just move everything 
D:  to my eighteen gig disk , which is local . 
B:  But that 's gonna be only temporary . <laugh> 
D:  Well , 
D:  I mean , I don't know  
B:  I mean , you should do that too , 
B:  probably , but  but as you do that you can also just run the  
D:  Yeah , it is kind of a temporary solution . 
D:  To shorten everything . 
B:  well , actually , the  th what you do is you run  
B:  Oh , now I have another use for the   
B:  The way I recently used it , and there might be better ways  So the program 's called W - encode . 
D:  Mmm . 
B:  And I think the type , y you say um 
B:  I think dash T and then there are different  
B:  different encoding methods , but if you wanna use the shorten one , you say d " minus T shorten " , 
B:  and then the old 
B:  uh wavefile and the new 
B:  wavefile , and then  Oops !  And then I check , you know , if this works , so , you can use the  
B:  the shell " AND " operator or something . 
B:  Then I just move the 
B:  new wavefile to the , 
B:  you know , to the old 
A:  Right . 
B:  wavefile , and then you have replaced the old one with one that behaves identically as long as your programs that use it know how to 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  decode it on the fly . 
B:  And that  
D:  OK . 
B:  that just saved my butt because I actually was running  On a different experiment , I had 
B:  segmented  
B:  I was processing the whole Switchboard - two corpus , which is two hundred eighty hours of speech , 
B:  and I was noticing , as I was 
B:  almost finishing the processing , that I was running out of disk space . <laugh> 
B:  And  and so 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I uh had this flash of inspiration of just uh the same  the same disk had the segmented waveforms on them , so I  
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Shortening everything on the fly .  
B:  while this other thing was still going on , I was run I was running this  this thing .  
A:  You had another process running that was shortening it . Yep . 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  Wow , wow ! 
B:  And low and behold I gained three g three gig of space and um , you know   <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  Wow ! 
A:  Did you have to re - nice one of the processes to make sure that " shorten " ? 
B:  No , no .  Actually it was fast enough . This is very fast . This  this really runs quickly . And that 's  
E:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
F:  Wow . 
F:  That must have been suspenseful . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Watching the disk meter . 
B:  That was very suspenseful . That was  that was the most excitement I had all weekend . Uh , uh boy , it uh  came out just fine . So . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
topic_description:	file compression


F:  And I  and I 'd like , in terms of the conventions , to also , uh , you know , s send a bit to Dan Ellis to see if it 's  if there 's any  get his input on it . I don't think  I don't think that 'll be  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
B:  <breath> 
A:  So , maybe we should do that 
F:  Yeah . 
A:  not during this meeting but s another time , and just get a list of everything we 're gonna do . 
E:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Maybe n next week if we could . I 'm trying to finish up some stuff . 
A:  OK . 
F:  Yeah sure . I 'd like to  
A:  So just update all the naming conventions and 
A:  put all the files where they really belong , on one disk , 
E:  That sounds like a good idea . 
A:  and then leave  leave everything in place until the back - up  until the next full back - up and then delete the old ones . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  OK , now  and you 're just  you 're not talking about the s the X disks  the X uh partitions , just the backed up space , or  ?  
A:  So . 
A:  Well , both need to be reorganized . 
F:  OK . 
A:  So um , 
B:  <breath> 
A:  various paths , th I mean this is why we have to do it in a synchronized way , because um 
B:  <breath> 
E:  I think we should also at the same time try to , uh , convert over to your new naming conventions . 
A:  Yes , 
A:  exactly . That too . 
E:  That 'd be good . 
A:  So that 's what I was saying . We need to get a list of all that stuff that we wanna do . 
E:  Yeah . 
F:  OK . 
A:  And so 
A:  I didn't really get any responses from the naming conventions that I sent out , so I assume that 's alright with everyone . 
E:  I actually haven't looked at it yet . I haven't had a chance , so . <laugh> 
C:  Hmm . <laugh> 
F:  I haven't either . Sorry . <laugh> 
A:  Oh . 
D:  No . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  <inbreath> And  
F:  I will by next week , though . <laugh> 
B:  Uh , I don't know about the naming , I mean , 
A:  OK . 
A:  Then I should have made that as an agenda item . 
B:  Th - so these names that we 've been using so far are with uh 
B:  uh 
B:  uh 
B:  I wouldn't just wanna change them 
B:  you know , without some advance notice . 
A:  Right . 
B:  I mean , th that 's all these segment names that we we 've been using . I would rather not mess with them 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , I 'm  
B:  until we have some closure on some of the things we are currently 
D:  Right . 
B:  dealing with , so  
A:  Well , I mean , how you choose to do it  the naming is up to you . 
D:  Well , 
B:  Right . 
A:  So . 
F:  You 're talking about different files . 
D:  I mean , it should probably be  eventually should probably be consistent with what you 're doing but , 
A:  Yep . 
D:  yeah , I kind of agree with Andreas , like I 'm a little bit  
E:  I mean , these  
D:  I looked at the naming conventions and they look fine to me , but at the same time it was just like you know to rename everything would be  
E:  Well , if we  
E:  If we change things , it won't really affect what you 're doing , will it ? 
F:  This  
D:  No but I think just to be consistent we should also , I mean , have the same conventions , just in case you want  
A:  Right . 
E:  Yeah . So you  but you can switch that any time you want , right ? 
D:  Yeah . Yeah . I mean , it 's only gonna affect my work . So . 
D:  Yeah , it 's not gonna  
E:  I mean , if we  
D:  I assume you 're not gonna go , like , into , you know , my directories and change my file names . So . Yeah . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> Everybody will use it . <laugh> Fine slash U slash star . <laugh> 
B:  Right . <laugh> 
A:  I  Actually I was gonna do a global search - replace on all entries at  
B:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  at ICSI to change MR to MRM at all places at ICSI . <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah , that 'd be great . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Really enjoy that . 
F:  <laugh> 
F:  With no  with no advance warning . 
A:  Y you  
F:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Well , maybe I shouldn't say that on re record . 
E:  <laugh> 
F:  OK . 
A:  There was a 
A:  typo in some of the contracts that Morgan got that someone , 
F:  <laugh> 
A:  one of our sponsors , did a global sear search and replace for  between " sponsor " and their name . 
F:  <inbreath> Oh no , oh no . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
A:  And so , it  it was saying , uh  
A:  Well , anyway , I won't  
F:  Yeah , one  one can imagine that that might be problematic . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  I 'm not sure whether that 's right . 
A:  Yeah , one can imagine the problems that that would  engender . 
E:  <outbreath> 
F:  But this  this name change affects a subset , doesn't need to reflect everything , yeah . 
A:  So . 
D:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
B:  <loud expulsive outbreath> 
A:  Um , 
B:  <loud expulsive outbreath> 
topic_description:	file naming convensions


A:  Thilo , you had  you wanted to talk about the  
C:  Yeah , I had one  one short point . I have just installed a Transcriber version on one of our NT machines so it 's available under Windows now . 
B:  Oh great . Actually someone  I just got an email this week from someone as 
F:  Isn't that great ? 
C:  Yeah I re responded to sh I have already responded to him . I  I don't know what  what  what he  what the problem was . It was really straightforward , really easy . 
B:  To Anant ? 
F:  And this is not  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Oh , I 'm sorry , I  I just  So , who did you talk to ? 
C:  There was some  some guy from SRI who wanted to  to install  Yeah . 
B:  Anant ? 
B:  Anant Venkataraman ? OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  And he sent an email that he couldn't  couldn't install it and I  I just described him , well , what I did and it was really straightforward , so . <pop>   
B:  Yeah , OK . Great . 
B:  Yeah , OK . 
B:  Great . Great . Thanks . Thanks . 
F:  And this is not just the Transcriber , this is the Channeltrans , right ? 
C:  Yeah , it 's the Channeltrans , so the  
B:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah , excellent . 
C:  the 
B:  Cool . 
C:  things that Dave Gelbart  
F:  Excellent . 
A:  So you should probably talk to a Sys Admin and get it put in some central place . 
B:  <breath> 
B:  <loud expulsive outbreath> 
A:  So that it 'll work on all the NT machines . 
B:  <loud expulsive outbreath> 
F:  Well , I mean , as it stands , I  I guess  yeah I see what you mean . It 'll  it 'll be on the  on the UNIX side but accessible through the H - drive . Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
C:  I 've  
A:  Right . 
C:  OK . Yeah . I could do that . 
A:  So I assume Tcl - TK wasn't already on the machine , so you had to install it . Yeah . 
B:  <breath> 
C:  I had i to install it , yeah . 
B:  <breath> 
F:  Huh . Yeah . 
B:  Uh 
topic_description:	transcriber software under windows


E:  So Andreas , would it be appropriate to ask how the experiments are going ? 
E:  Uh  
B:  Oh , well , yeah I  I  I actually wasn't sure whether this is the right meeting for it , because it has uh very little to do with  with meeting recordings , but 
A:  Hmm . 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  @ @  you know , I did uh run <mouth> 
B:  um some recognition experiments with ICSI front - end . 
B:  Um 
B:  Uh , and  and you know , this is the j joint work with Chuck , and uh , 
B:  um . 
B:  So , first , 
B:  uh , you know , we had  
B:  we figured out sometime last week how to 
B:  um  
B:  and  and Chuck wrote this really nice little 
B:  script  Perl script that 
B:  takes a uh waveform , runs the feature calculation 
B:  and then dumps it out into the  into um 
B:  a f c so - called 
B:  uh cepstra file , which is what the SRI system uses to read features . It 's essentially uh 
B:  uh NIST headered 
B:  uh waveform . You know , it looks like a waveform except instead of samples you have feature vectors following the header . 
D:  Hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  And um that 's all done 
B:  um 
B:  by the script , and it works great . And 
B:  uh I first trained up two 
B:  systems , because it 's gender - dep you know , the SRI system is gender - dependent so to be comparable , I trained uh um on a sh on a so - called short training set 
B:  um 
B:  a male system and a female system , 
B:  and 
B:  uh also for debugging purposes , and for the heck of it , I trained um  
B:  trained uh on the same training set uh a standard system with the SRI front - end from scratch , 
B:  um , and compared the two  
A:  So , w what features did you use ? 
B:  Well , we used , uh , twelve PLP uh , uh  
A:  So not RASTA , just PLP . 
E:  Just PLP . 
B:  Just PLP and actually that  uh , one of the questions I had was what the RASTA would possibly buy us . But um , we 'll 
B:  talk about that later . So , the uh  so the baseline system  w the SRI system was  uh used  uh also uh uh used t twelve uh mel  uh mel cepstra 
B:  um <mouth> based on a twenty - four filter bank 
B:  um analysis . 
B:  Um 
B:  I do not 
B:  know what  So the f the bandwidth of the um 
B:  SRI front - end is from hundreds hertz to th th thirty - se thirty - seven fifty or something like that . 
E:  Thirty - seven fifty . 
B:  And I do not know what the um 
B:  ICSI um 
B:  front - end would do . I mean , what the bandwidth is . 
B:  Um , 
B:  <mouth> 
B:  but the results are such that uh , let 's see  
E:  There 's one other slight difference , right ? Or two  two differences . 
B:  Oh yeah . So the SRI system also does um 
B:  vocal tract length normalization and we couldn't figure out how to do that yet with the ICSI features . So that 's one difference . And the other difference is that 
B:  in the , uh  
B:  <mouth> 
B:  in the SRI system , 
B:  the uh th the first  the C - zero , the energy uh feature is normalized slightly differently from the rest . And what they do is 
A:  Huh . 
B:  they d they subtract the maximum  
B:  For each waveform segment 
B:  they subtract the maximum of  of th over that waveform segment from 
B:  from the values of  for that waveform . 
B:  Which is a kind of automatic gain control , that is localized  
E:  Do they subtract the max from each i one or do they subtract each one from the max ? 
A:  <laugh> Who cares ? 
B:  They subtract  
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Doesn't matter ? 
A:  No , just would be a sign change . 
E:  Except you get a lot of negatives the other way . <laugh> 
B:  Right , <laugh> right , right . Um , and then , after  But after they done this waveform based normalization , they then do a conversation length normalization just like all the other features . 
B:  So it 's their kind of two stage normalization . 
E:  Oh !  
E:  Oh !  
B:  Um now , I understand that the common practice here has been to just do c standard uh mean subtraction , um on the waveform . 
B:  Um . 
E:  For the C - zero . 
B:  Right . But in what we 've done so far , because we didn't have any special provision for C - zero , we just treat it as  as any of the other features , we 've done standard mean subtraction over the whole 
B:  conversation side . 
B:  So 
B:  um since both SRI and ICSI use this sort of local normalization for C - zero that 's presumably , you know , someone has done some experiments to  and found out that that works better . 
B:  Um , so that 's another difference , and that might account for some of the 
B:  discrepancies in the results . Um , but you know . So the 
B:  the results are <breath> 
B:  <mouth> um 
B:  Where should I start ? Uh 
B:  the  
B:  So there 's a two  
B:  Oh . I tried it with and without . Uh . 
B:  So without 
B:  and with adaptation . 
A:  How many iterations ? 
B:  For the adaptation ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , y we always do three EM iterations to 
A:  OK . 
B:  and it 's  it 's this  it 's this quick and dirty  
B:  the phone loop adaptation which doesn't actually require prior recognition paths and  and so this is not the best you can do with adaptation , but it gives you sort of a first 
B:  idea of what you could gain with it . 
B:  And then , you know , so we have the 
B:  the SRI front - end 
B:  and the ICSI front - end 
B:  and other than that the system configuration was identical . So it was the same  
B:  They came up with um 
B:  you know , same number of uh Gaussians per state cluster 
B:  Um , same  The clustering used the same information loss threshold , which actually led to roughly the same number of Gaussians overall . So that the system configuration is  is comparable . 
B:  Um , and the  
B:  <mouth> 
B:  Uh , so without adaptation , 
B:  you had forty - nine p 
C:  That 's error rate or recognition rate ? 
B:  This is error rate 
B:  in percent . 
B:  And 
B:  with adaptation 
B:  it 's forty - seven point one 
B:  and 
B:  this  this was fifty - two point six . 
B:  and 
B:  fifty - one point three 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  and then , when I combined them  I can actually combine them with 
B:  something like ROVER . It 's actually more sophisticated than ROVER but it 's   
B:  Um , here I got 
B:  forty - eight point five 
B:  and here I got forty - six point five . 
A:  So this is just combination at the utterance level . 
B:  Um . 
B:  At the utterance level , right . 
A:  Why do you think the ICSI front - end is so much worse ? 
B:  Good question . <laugh> That 's fine . 
A:  That seems really odd to me . 
B:  Um , so , one percent I would attribute to the lack of VTL , about one percent . OK . 
A:  Oh right . Right , right , right . 
C:  OK . Ah OK . 
B:  And then maybe another up  I don't know how much the C - zero normalization business really matters I can't it see , I mean can't see it  the @ @ 
A:  Ca - can you run the SRI  Just as an experiment , run the SRI front - end without vocal tract norma normalization , and see how much difference it makes ? 
B:  I could . Yeah . 
B:  I could certainly do that . Yeah . 
B:  Um . 
B:  We could also do the vocal tract length normalization with the ICSI features . That 's something we wanted to do  yeah . We could  I was actually thinking we could use the warping factors that we compute for the MFCC 's 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  If we could figure out how . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  and just try them with the ICSI 
B:  uh front - end . Because we already have the capability to apply the warping to the um  
B:  to the PLP c uh Dan added the  
E:  Yeah , Dan added that in , but  
A:  Yeah , but the  
B:  So . 
A:  They won't  
A:  they don't correspond one - to - one though . 
B:  No , but they should be 
B:  close , since this  
A:  <laugh> 
B:  I mean the  
B:  Anyway . But I can certainly try the SRI front - end without uh VTL . That sh that 's  that 's certainly quick to do . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Um 
B:  and so  
B:  Yeah , and  and then there 's all these um  
B:  You know , the number of um  
B:  You know , this front - end 
B:  u had a fair amount of experimentation going into it . You know , how many 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  filter banks do you use , what  what bandwidth do you use , and stuff like that . And uh we could play the same kind of games with the ICSI front - end . 
A:  Right . 
B:  Uh , actually , the analysis bandwidth played a very crucial role . We used to use a narrow bandwidth and 
B:  uh 
B:  uh that hurt us . So this is , um  And this is  We 've now used roughly what everybody else is using . So 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  um , there 's some room for improvements , I figure , in this  in the ICSI front - end . 
B:  Um . 
B:  So . 
B:  But the good news is that even with this  with the ICSI system being that much worse , you still get a win out of combining the two . 
B:  So that gives some hope for the future . 
B:  Um . 
B:  Unfortunately however this seems to be reduced with adaptation , so . 
B:  Um . 
B:  Also interestingly 
B:  the  
B:  Um , the difference actually widens . I would actually expect it or  or hope that the adaptation reduces the difference  because it might 
B:  um , for instance , 
B:  um 
B:  remove some of the um  
B:  <mouth> 
B:  You know , som If you  if you have some  some difference in the front - end processing that 
B:  uh is suboptimal , but can be possibly remedied by you know moving the 
B:  um 
B:  moving the models around . But  but apparently that doesn't  
B:  doesn't really  actually the difference becomes larger , so . 
B:  Um . Anyway . So right now what I 'm doing is um  
B:  Uh well , there 's several things going on . One is that Chuck is working on uh getting the tandem features um into a form that we can train the tandem  the system on the tandem features . So that would actually be the 
B:  more interesting experiment . 
B:  Um , the other thing is I 'm training 
B:  uh retraining the models on the large training set that we usually use to build our evaluation models and then we can  
A:  Right . 
B:  And I actually want to 
B:  do the system combination 
B:  um with our eval system um , on some subset of the data at least , probably only for the males , because I don't have time to train both males and females , but um . 
B:  Uh and um  
E:  What about ta 
E:  concatenating the two feature vectors into a single one ? 
A:  It gets pretty big . 
B:  <laugh> 
B:  It does get pretty big . Yeah . 
E:  Hmm . 
A:  And m my experience with that in Broadcast News was usually combining at other levels works better . 
E:  Hmm . 
A:  So . 
A:  For  for whatever that 's worth . 
B:  Oh , you tried that on Broadcast News ? Concatenating 
A:  Oh yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So w Yep . 
B:  different feature sets ? Yeah . 
B:  Did you try uh  
A:  It was mostly MSG , PLP , RASTA . 
B:  I see . 
A:  So , you know , the feature sets we had available . And it was almost always better to combine at the probability level . You know , so we 'd run the neural nets and combine the probabilities . 
B:  I see . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Yeah , and it does become sort of unwieldy to have these very large feature vectors . And that would 
A:  Yep . 
B:  blow up the 
A:  You 'd also have to do some sort of normalization afterwards 
B:  uh  
A:  so that they 're uh orthogonal . 
B:  Right . 
A:  So you 'd wanna do a linear transform also . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Um 
B:  so 
B:  the  Yeah , and then we could start experimenting a little bit to try to get the ICSI front - end to perform better . 
B:  Um . And  and as a preliminary just sort of diagnostic experiment we can  I can certainly run a SRI system without VTL 
A:  Yep . 
B:  just uh to get  
F:  Wi - without what ? Without VTL . OK . 
C:  Just  
A:  Vocal tract thing , yeah . 
B:  Wh - Yeah . 
B:  And that  that 's quick to do . 
B:  So . 
A:  I was thinking about 
A:  tandem system  Well , let 's not talk about it here , but I had some thoughts about the tandem system . 
B:  <loud expulsive outbreath> 
B:  yeah so but things are moving ahead , so 
topic_description:	ICSI front-end experiments


A:  OK , should we do digits ? 
B:  Digits . Sure . 
A:  Do we have any other topics ? 
A:  OK , let 's do them one at a time instead of simultaneous since we actually have time . 
B:  Poetic reading of digits . 
C:  Oh no . <exhale> 
A:  Transcript L one O five .  
A:  nine four two three two seven seven zero nine nine nine seven  
A:  O nine three eight zero O O one  
A:  two nine O eight five five eight seven seven five  
A:  three nine five five seven three four four seven nine  
A:  six two seven four two seven three eight O  
A:  eight six five seven zero nine one zero  
A:  three five two three zero nine five three  
A:  nine two five O two nine three three one two  
B:  Transcript L one zero eight .  
B:  six nine four eight seven three two two six two  
B:  five five eight seven eight two five two one O one nine  
B:  one two nine eight one zero six seven nine three  
B:  six five eight one nine five eight one  
B:  eight one five two one seven two O nine  
B:  three seven O four seven three two nine  
B:  zero one two nine six nine nine one three five five O  
B:  one three five nine nine five three one one six  
A:  Why don't we let Don go first before his battery dies ? 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  Mmm , OK . 
D:  <cough> 
D:  Transcript L one O six .  
D:  two three eight eight seven seven eight one  
D:  eight zero four nine one zero seven two zero five seven two  
D:  eight nine eight eight six nine six one eight  
D:  two four two eight two six seven eight four seven  
D:  nine seven five five seven one five zero two zero  
D:  one three O nine seven two six two four seven zero eight  
D:  two two zero eight five seven nine six two zero  
D:  seven eight zero four five three six seven nine  
C:  Transcript L one O nine .  
C:  O nine O seven eight nine eight four three  
C:  eight six three six eight six eight five six  
C:  seven eight four four six five zero zero  
C:  seven six three five one five nine O O two  
C:  seven two O five eight O five six four seven three four  
C:  nine three four O one four nine two five  
C:  nine six nine eight five seven one O five eight  
C:  four seven seven zero six five seven four seven seven five  
F:  Do you wanna say that one again ? That last one ? 
C:  Um , why ? <laugh> 
F:  Or did  did you correct the whole one ? 
C:  I  yeah , sure . Yeah no I  I gotta write , so  I think . Yeah . 
A:  <laugh> 
F:  Oh he did ? Never mind . OK good . Alright . So . <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
F:  Alright . Transcript L ninety .  
F:  two three two one two four zero three  
F:  five O eight two nine one one two O  
F:  nine one nine O three two five nine two seven  
F:  two O seven four two seven three one three one  
F:  three seven six four four O two three nine three  
F:  nine five nine three five nine nine seven four three  
F:  one nine five one seven eight one three  
F:  eight zero three nine one seven nine nine eight O seven eight  
E:  Transcript L one zero seven .  
E:  one nine one seven one two nine six nine six eight six  
E:  nine seven two nine O two four five four  
E:  eight O nine seven one eight zero zero two  
E:  seven six four nine nine one two two six  
E:  three zero eight one six four zero one  
E:  two one three one eight five two six five seven eight zero  
E:  three O three eight three three eight seven four  
E:  one eight one four two eight four   
E:  Sorry , start over .  
E:  one eight one four two eight two four five four  
topic_description:	digit task


A:  You can really tell from the prosody where it goes . 
B:  s meeting . I actually have one more thing that  I don't know if it 's  i if  if it 's allowed to  to bring up after the dis 
A:  After digits , I don't know . 
B:  Anyway . 
B:  But it might be important . For um  So Liz remarked that she had recorded a meeting where 
A:  Go ahead . 
B:  it was later found that several of the 
B:  s microphones were turned off , um 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  and this must become a problem especially with non - speech - meetings . 
B:  So um 
B:  is there a way that the software could warn you if it gets zeros from 
B:  some of the channels , or  ?  
A:  Probably . We could probably build that in to the front - end . 
B:  Because it  you know it 's really annoying if you go through all that trouble and then basically the meetings aren't useable because uh even  
E:  What are people doing , they 're switching their mikes off or something ? 
B:  I don't know what they do . Maybe the batteries went dead , or th they just didn't  they played with the thing and it didn't leave it in the " on " position or whatever . 
A:  I don't know , uh eh . Fff .  
A:  What would you like it to do when that happens ?  
B:  Well , no , if  if you um  I mean obviously you always  
B:  I mean , there 's never gonna be a signal from all the channels , right ? because  or rarely . 
B:  Um . 
B:  But uh . 
A:  Well if an unblacked out channel is zero , is actually spitting out zeros , you can be pretty sure it 's off . 
B:  Right . 
A:  Because it doesn't spit out zeros , it spits out epsilons . 
A:  Right ? Cuz there 's little background noise . The question is , when the software detects it , what do you want it to do ? 
B:  Exactly . 
B:  That 's a good question . I don't know . But is there some  We can collectively think of some  of some mechanism that might reduce the risk of  of just  
A:  <laugh> 
A:  I mean , it  it  it  
A:  We  we already have visual feedback , right ? You can see whether your mike is working or not . Um . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . So maybe it 's just to admonish people to actually look at the screen at the beginning of the meeting to make sure they get a signal . 
A:  Yep . 
E:  Test  
A:  Turn off the screen saver during the meeting . 
E:  Tell them to test their mikes , or  
B:  Yeah , something . 
F:  I think they sh 
A:  Yeah , I d I don't know what to do other than  
D:  It  it can beep if one of the channels dies while recording . 
A:  There 's no sound out right now . 
D:  Oh . 
B:  @ @ 
D:  Never mind . 
F:  It should give the electric shock to the person recording the meeting . 
A:  Yep . Yep . Yeah yeah . That would be good . Well , we can think about what to do about it , but it  
B:  Oh yeah . That 's a good one . 
D:  Wow , that 's not a bad idea . 
B:  Yeah . OK . 
A:  It 's pretty clear we can detect it , so . 
B:  Yeah . Alright . 
A:  OK . Are we done ? 
F:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	no mic signals


