A:  too . 
A:  Yeah , I do it My head 's too big , also . 
A:  It 's too ba 
A:  Oh , that 's true . 
A:  course that 's true of a lapel as well . 
A:  Can you just write something like " position " ? 
A:  and people can fill in their own  you know , " Post - doc " or  " visitor " or whatever . 
A:  oh . 
A:  Can you repeat the categories you had ? 
A:  Maybe they 're fine . 
A:  So that , yeah , I think that 's fine except the one  thing is there are a lot of ICSI v 
A:  like I don't know what I would be here , 
A:  just I 'm not a professor 
A:  I 'm not a  
A:  So  so anything that , like a Visitor r ICSI Visitor or , ICSI y 
A:  I mean a Visiting S Researcher or whatever . 
A:  So if  if we can put something  
A:  Yeah , that  then  then I think what you have is great . 
A:  for  for that purpose and  
A:  or just  
A:  You could say  
A:  Wait , what 's a PHD ? 
A:  Like , if you have a PHD and you 're  hanging around here , and you 're not a professor and you 're not a post - doc , then that 's like what we are <breathing> so There 's a bunch of people like that . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So , you can say Post - PHD Researcher or what if there 's one more category that 's sort of general like that . 
A:  You - I think you could keep Professor , but you could say Post PHD Researcher or something . 
A:  No , instead of Post  Post - doc or Post - PHD , just wrap all the people that are post PHD and non - professors together . 
A:  I think professors probably want it 
A:  I don't <laugh> care . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , yeah the Post - PHD one is the one that can be , like Post - Post - doc or Post - PHD Researcher or whatever . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Then it 'd be fine . 
A:  I think it 's fine . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Wait , why is that optional ? 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  It  it would be very good to get age for a lot of purposes . 
A:  I mean a lot of corpora  
A:  yeah , so we ca we have these age ranges or something ? 
A:  You know , like  
A:  No , not at all , 
A:  every  most corpora have that , you know , information . 
A:  yeah , that 's OK . 
A:  Age or Approximate Age . 
A:  So somebody can say " thirties " if they 're thirty - nine . 
A:  Well , those who don't give it we will be estimating your age for you 
A:  so maybe you 'll prefer to  
A:  Yeah , people can leave it blank if they  
A:  I  I think people in Speech are gonna wanna 
A:  They can always lie . 
A:  OK , in some sense you could say that " Please leave blank but  but don't lie . " 
A:  Right . 
A:  Well they might leave it blank if they didn't care about their age being known but it says " optional " they might not . 
A:  Anyway , it 's fine 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah , it 's OK . 
A:  As long as we put it high enough up that it doesn't sort of get lost in the optional , if there are a lot of other optional things on the form . 
A:  That 's  that 's the only optional thing , 
A:  OK . 
A:  So what does Region mean 
A:  and like if I see this form I wouldn't be quite sure what you mean by  Region . 
A:  Do you want to have  give choices and have them circle one , or , 
A:  I mean 
A:  but I mean . 
A:  yeah maybe not for the others , because there aren't going to be enough people to really group them 
A:  and you know when you talk about dialects in England , I mean , that 's really  
A:  Every block of  London has a different  
A:  so . 
A:  My Fair Lady 's  
A:  I  I  there are huge differences you know in the others 
A:  so it might be better to just do it for the 
A:  yeah you could leave region for  for the others but have  circled choice for the American  English . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Actually that is true for them 
A:  but it means that you 're gonna get a bunch of different level  levels of resolution in your survey , it  it 'll be more of a pain later , 
A:  so . 
A:  It  depends . 
A:  Yeah , that  that 's good 
A:  but if you  have it totally free - form First of all some people take  you 
A:  Well , and some people would give you more specific information than others 
A:  and that 's a waste because you can only use the least common denominator of specificity and generally . 
A:  I don't know 
A:  later on , if  if somebody just says Midwest , now all these other people who said you know area then that 'll have to become your category . 
A:  and it 's  It 's harder later on , i I  It 's easier for the person 
A:  but it 's harder for the r 
A:  it actually less informative for us 
A:  because you can't enforce any minimum level of specificity . 
A:  so it 's  
A:  Or their parents live  
A:  yeah . 
A:  and their parents  
A:  If we release this corpus , what do we want , 
A:  I mean if you do this free form um  the free form solution where some questions are very open - ended then you need  someone needs to enter that , 
A:  and they 'll be notes and it will be very difficult for somebody later actually use that without mapping it . 
A:  It 's OK . 
A:  But it 's  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  I mean , I guess what you really want , is if there 's some information you wanna know  
A:  So we want some rough idea of their dialect , basically . 
A:  then we should have some question where it 's not free form , except for these people who are who have non - American English accents . 
A:  There we probably have to have a category " Non - American English " and then a few choices . 
A:  And we should have something that 's simple , that people can circle , like these TIMIT regions or something , so that we have something that minimally you can  
A:  cuz a lot of times if you give the data out that 's what people are gonna use . 
A:  They 're gonna want some small set of places , 
A:  and then , but anything additional people can fill out , and we can put it in as a note or something , 
A:  but if we don't have that , someone 's gotta sit there and figure out you know , I 've got twenty people who said Midwest , 
A:  and I 've got a few people who said something else 
A:  and these don't overlap or these 
A:  Oh , OK , so  
A:  yeah as long as you have  
A:  Well , in the home , the influence of the home is much lower age than that , 
A:  I mean once you go beyond the age five or six then it 's the  the school influence as well and  and 
A:  yeah , 
A:  so  In the home it 's sort of your phonetic first level , 
A:  um  a - So it 's  you know it starts to get sort of complicated . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Most of  but most of those people don't rely on the self - evaluations , anyway . 
A:  They 'll probably listen to the speech , 
A:  so 
A:  But even you know in Switchboard , I  I remember looking really carefully at  
A:  They have information sort of like TIMIT 
A:  I don't know it 's  how well they categorized , 
A:  but they had North Atlantic , Mid - Atlantic , and  
A:  You know , Texas was definitely out on  
A:  I mean most of the people from cer certain places in the South were from specific Texas locations , 
A:  but  other than that you had a huge range of  
A:  You know , people would say Boston , and they had nothing like what I would call a Boston accent . 
A:  So it was  
A:  Um No , the question was really geared towards trying to get people 's self - evaluation of their dialect region . 
A:  and you know , for instance , you know , Minnesota Midwest is totally different than Michigan Midwest which is totally  
A:  these were all settled by very different  type people , 
A:  so it  it 's sort of a general help 
A:  but I think that anyone who 's doing phonetics wouldn't rely on that , they would probably use it as a first pass or something , 
A:  Well , I think we do need to make sure about the f the non - native accents because those are , you know  
A:  but we don't need to ha be really really specific about the others , because it won't be very w helpful anyway . 
A:  I think we should , because other databases do . 
A:  It 's sort of a political thing . 
A:  And there are some general  
A:  like , you will find more New Yorkers in the New York category . 
A:  but it 's not 
A:  Right . 
A:  But Other is there , and people will fill that out . 
A:  They 'll see by example . 
A:  Yeah that 's  I think that 's fine , 
A:  they 'll say oh , I 'm not one of these , 
A:  I 'm Canadian , or 
A:  Right . 
A:  I mean , even like Cal - LA is totally different than  
A:  I mean , you really can't um  
A:  We could ask them for more information , but I don't think it 's   necessary and it 's not going to solve this problem . 
A:  Oh yeah . 
A:  I mean , I think the question on regions is really to ask people how did they define their dialect region now , 
A:  di 
A:  the whether they picked it up at  the  one age or another . 
A:  pretty much , I mean , most people will know whether they have a southern accent or not . 
A:  um , but they may  have lived you know , in other places , too . 
A:  So if we ask the question about dialect regions , it makes no sense to say where do you live now . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  You ask how would you best define your your accent or your dialect style . 
A:  OK 
A:  Or you could say to somebody , how do you define your  your  the accent that you have . 
A:  um And then you can ask these other questions as well , 
A:  but what we don't want them to think is that they 're living in a certain place 
A:  and that therefore they 're  
A:  I mean , nowadays  hardly anybody from California <laugh> has a  native Californian accent , 
A:  so . 
A:  OK , 
A:  as long as it 's clear . 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah , 
A:  Oh . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Sounds good . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Sounds good . 
A:  It  it gets into a can of worms . 
A:  I mean , the more you ask , the more you realize that you 're not getting great answers to what you 're asking and  
A:  So . 
A:  What about proficiency in English ? as well ? 
A:  I  
A:  You don't want to do it for political reasons , 
A:  I mean  I 'm no I wasn't thinking about that , 
A:  I was just thinking , " Gee , I 'd like to know actually  " 
A:  Oh , OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Well , so maybe that 's  
A:  Maybe we  maybe we shouldn't ask it , 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  What about something like " How comfortable are you in a meeting conducted in English ? " , 
A:  or " How easy is it for you ? " , 
A:  or something like that where it 's  
A:  Yeah , that 's a good one . 
A:  Something  
A:  wha what do you think , 
A:  what 's it  
A:  I mean  
A:  How  
A:  yeah ? 
A:  How long have you been in an English speaking country . 
A:  OK . 
A:  How about their birthday ? 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  I mean , not  not the year  not the year 
A:  not the year but just their birthday . 
A:  I don't know , 
A:  what are the chances of people having the same name . 
A:  They  
A:  So thi Isn't this an open - ended , like basically a notes column ? 
A:  I mean you can imagine wanting you should be able always to attach some notes to  
A:  is this the  the place where we would do that , or is there another place . 
A:  I think that starts to  There 's definitely some clear cases , 
A:  but there are a lot of gray areas , where  the context happens just in that meeting , 
A:  or , 
A:  I mean , where you don't wanna sort of have to make a distinction between a pre - existing relationship , or 
A:  But I mean , there are some that generalize over many meetings and there are some that don't , and there are some things that happen in between meetings , 
A:  and  
A:  I think this one needs to be open - ended , 
A:  completely open - ended , 
A:  and the only concern I would have is if there 's something we wanna be able to say and we can't put it in that field . 
A:  So you mean like  
A:  Is there a way that we can add keywords or sub 
A:  I don't know what you would call them , but little labels for things that we decide are useful things to have 
A:  but You know , as long as we have this one place where it can all be stored , then we 're fine , I think . 
A:  and those 'll probably occur  I mean , to us , we 'll think of a few of them , some other researcher will think of some totally different keyword . 
A:  Y Yeah , it 's  it 's  it 's gonna change  
A:  It 's gonna change , 
A:  and maybe we wanna regroup things under different labels later , 
A:  if we figure out that these pairwise things are  
A:  But are we assuming that you could know the energy for a speaker when there 's no overlap ? 
A:  I mean I can imagine a model where you say , OK , you know I 'm  I 'm gonna give myself  
A:  it 's cheating , 
A:  but not completely if they 're often not overlapping and normalized for the speaker 
A:  or is that not allowed . 
A:  I mean , what 's the  
A:  right 
A:  right 
A:  Right , right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  That 's what makes it  seem difficult , 
A:  because you 're already left with a high standard deviation 
A:  and they 're already roughly 
A:  so that each person 's hearable , 
A:  right ?  
A:  so sort of equally loud , perceptually anyway . 
A:  Yeah , like two hundred milliseconds 
A:  or twenty to twenty - five frames , 
A:  or 
A:  or voiced regions , 
A:  I mean can we tell ? 
A:  can we  sorry I mean , is it known whether something 's voiced here , or is it roughly estimate  estimateable ? 
A:  I mean like if one speaker 's voicing and the other one isn't and they 're overlapping , do we know that the first speaker 's voicing , or not ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  But will we be able t to detect the voicing when there 's overlap ? 
A:  That 's what I just wondered . 
A:  OK . 
A:  So if we could , or if you could do some of it , 
A:  yeah , 
A:  then um , voiced regions would be , like , probably more informative , for energy 
A:  because  
A:  and pi and pitch for that matter . 
A:  Well , it 's the fifth page , I guess . 
A:  It has to tell you . 
A:  It has to give you at least a zero , one , 
A:  I mean uh d binary  
A:  Mm - hmm , mm - hmm . 
A:  You can also look at just the voiced regions later . 
A:  I mean , that would be the most sensitive measure . 
A:  because you know , if you 're normalizing for voiced , and then you look at regions that are voiced with the same robustness in estimation of what voicing is , um , you should be much more sensitive to the  to the overlaps then if you  
A:  you know if you normalize but you look everywhere at  at  at fricatives or something you won't really know anything . 
A:  So I mean assuming if it 's true that the overlap regions are sort of long enough that there 's some voicing in each of them , by each of the speakers , then you should do very well if you do this . 
A:  But you 'll only know that in the re voiced regions 
A:  but those are close enough to the  
A:  You know , there 's enough voicing going on and off uh that if you can capture the voicing and if you can capture it when there 's overlap then you should do quite well there . 
A:  I think also the harmonics would be very important . 
A:  So if you can find voiced regions and  
A:  You know , if you have two speakers and they 're both voicing 
A:  unless they have very similar , you know , pitch , you should be able to see the  difference in harmonics pretty clearly 
A:  just by counting them , 
A:  I mean 
A:  yeah , so even if you 're not exactly sure when the overlap starts and ends because there 's some  non - voiced regions , at least you can  have these islands of reliability where you 're pretty sure . 
A:  Right , 
A:  and you could put an estimate  estimate , you know , a fuzzy start and end time . 
A:  Well , it 's sort of good , though , if you 're  <laugh>  for  for your accuracy . 
A:  Uh , Gives you a little more time to try to detect them . 
A:  Yeah , something  
A:  somethin something like that 
A:  too . 
