A:  Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote . 
A:  Uh I'm Nick Debusk , 
A:  I'm the Project Manager . 
A:  Uh we'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing , what your what your role is um . 
D:  <other> I am Corinne Whiting 
D:  and I will be the Marketing Expert 
D:  In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification , 
D:  In the conceptual design phase I will be dealing with trend watching 
D:  And then finally in the um detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation 
C:  , I'm Ryan . 
C:  Um I'm the User Interface Designer . 
C:  Um likewise I've three different roles for each stage of design . 
C:  Um the functional design is looking at the tex technical functions of a remote control . 
C:  Um in the concept design , the user interface , 
C:  And the detailed design um <other> sort of like the user interface design , 
B:  <cough> I'm Manuel 
B:  and I'm the Industrial Designer in in this project um . 
B:  In the functional design phase I'm  I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements , 
B:  um we'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on . 
B:  Um um in the conceptual design um I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product . 
B:  And uh the detailed design  in the detailed design I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself , 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves and describe their roles in the upcoming project.

A:  our our agenda is the opening , uh acquaintance which we've kinda done . Uh tool training , project plan discussion and then closing . 
A:  we are putting together a new remote control . 
A:  Um we want it to be something original . 
A:  Um of course we're a  not only a electronics company but a 
A:  fashion um conscious electronics company , 
A:  so we want it to be trendy um 
A:  and we want it to be easy to use . 
A:  <other> Um we've got the functional design , conceptual design and detailed design 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager then described the upcoming project.

A:  let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have , 
A:  and then we can go into how we're gonna design it 
C:  function of remote control is just just  
C:  change channels is its main function . 
A:  we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or  
A:  I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote ? 
C:  I suppose you c try make it a universal remote 
C:  But , you know , they all sorta have the same role changing channels , volumes and then programming . 
C:  I think they all work on the same prin principle as well 
C:  Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em . 
C:  So if there's a g a way of finding it quite easily , I thought that'd be quite good quite a good feature . 
A:  So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh 
A:  like a tracking device 
C:  you could whistle 
C:  or make a noise 
A:  there's a button on the T_V_ that you press 
C:  and it'd beep . 
C:  Generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . 
A:  so they're kinda like long and rectangular . 
A:  Do we want something crazy ? 
A:  we want something new that's gonna stand out . 
C:  Maybe sorta spherical or something . A ball . 
D:  Maybe like user-friendly , 
D:  where you can use both hands , like a little keyboard type thing . 
C:  I thought maybe , because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another  
C:  and maybe the actual controls are inside or something . 
B:  you can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time , 
B:  so there are always the  some restrictions 
B:  Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , 
B:  How sturdy is it gonna be ? 
A:  we want it to to hold up to somebody's child , you know , throwing it across the room 
A:  so ball-shaped , uh you know , if it were ball-shaped maybe , 
C:  It could be cased on the outside 
C:  and t everything could be inside . 
A:  we want it to be modern , fun , sturdy , 
abst_sum - abstract: The team then discussed their experiences with remote controls.

A:  It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros 
A:  goals for profits are I think somewhere around uh fifty million Euros , what they wanna make on it , so . 
D:  Also since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association , 
D:  maybe we wanna make it something that would globally appeal . 
A:  marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing <laugh> remote control out there . 
D:  And maybe as far as design goes , maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences , 
C:  I think , sometimes remotes have too many buttons , 
C:  so maybe as simple as possible , 
C:  um as few buttons inside as possible . 
C:  if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it . 
abst_sum - abstract: They also discussed the project budget and which features they would like to see in the remote control they are to create.

A:  Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like ? 
A:  We want it to be a b a ball , 
C:  I could draw sorta the ball idea . 
C:  this is where it's connected together , 
C:  and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , 
C:  Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it . 
B:  um  the ball is a nice idea 
B:  because of it's stability really , 
B:  Also also you risk the hinges here . That's that's um a problem . 
B:  so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , 
B:  but that's of course a weak point , yeah . 
A:  I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? 
B:  The shape is perhaps not the most ideal . 
B:  there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so . 
C:  I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , 
A:  it's not innovative , 
A:  everybody does long remote 
D:  My idea was just to have it be kind of like a 
D:  keyboard type shape , you know , like video games 
D:  We could also try to do the hinge thing , 
D:  so it could like flip out that way . 
C:  but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier . 
C:  I mean maybe design something , that's sort of like <other> 
A:  So perhaps the the joystick  the the keyboard idea might work better . 
A:  Because even  I suppose even with the ball 
C:  it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . 
C:  I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job . 
B:  if it's small it probably looks better , 
B:  may not be th as functional . 
A:  say we went with the ball the ball function 
A:  um , but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um 
A:  to make it easier to hold on to . 
A:  But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . 
A:  And then we have the problem with the hinge . 
B:  The question is also , I dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ? 
A:  so then we forget the ball . 
A:  So we've got our sort of keyboard kind . 
B:  Question is what makes those game pads functional ? 
B:  I think that's pretty much the form for full hand . 
B:  So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy , 
B:  Except for that I think we'll not  probably not get a get away from some longer design . 
B:  and  Batteries go weak as well , 
A:  Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side ? 
A:  So that either way you're pointing it it would work . 
B:  O of course the more technology you stick in that , the more it'll cost , so . 
B:  but um it's rather about an instinctual thing , 
B:  Otherwise the design of  or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work . 
abst_sum - abstract: The team discussed universal usage, how to find remotes when misplaced, shapes and colors, ball shaped remotes, marketing strategies, keyboards on remotes, and remote sizes.

A:  marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing <laugh> remote control out there . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will find out what the most universally appealing remote control on the market is.

A:  And then marketing will look and see what uh what people want . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will research user preferences

A:  It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will sell for 25 Euro.

A:  so then we forget the ball . 
abst_sum - decisions: The team will not create a ball shaped remote.

B:  Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , 
B:  because of it's stability really , 
B:  um  the ball is a nice idea 
B:  so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , 
A:  I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? 
B:  there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so . 
abst_sum - problems: The stability of a ball shaped remote.

C:  and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , 
C:  Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it . 
B:  Also also you risk the hinges here . That's that's um a problem . 
B:  but that's of course a weak point , yeah . 
A:  And then we have the problem with the hinge . 
B:  The question is also , I dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ? 
abst_sum - problems: Having hinges on a ball shaped remote.

C:  Generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . 
A:  Do we want something crazy ? 
A:  we want something new that's gonna stand out . 
C:  Maybe sorta spherical or something . A ball . 
A:  We want it to be a b a ball , 
C:  I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , 
A:  it's not innovative , 
A:  everybody does long remote 
D:  keyboard type shape , you know , like video games 
A:  Because even  I suppose even with the ball 
C:  it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . 
A:  So perhaps the the joystick  the the keyboard idea might work better . 
A:  But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . 
A:  so then we forget the ball . 
A:  So we've got our sort of keyboard kind . 
abst_sum - problems: What shape the remote should be.

