A:  Um , I'm Abigail Claflin . 

A:  and I guess we should all get acquainted <laugh> . 

A:  So this is our kick off meeting . Um 

D:  Hi I'm Chiara , I'm the um Marketing Expert . 

C:  <other> I'm Stephanie and I am the User Interface Designer . 

B:  I'm Krista and I'm the Industrial Designer . 

A:  Um so f here's our agenda for today . 

A:  So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original , trendy and user friendly . 

A:  Right . Functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . 

C:  So you want us to draw it and then talk about it ? Or just draw it ? 

D:  I think both . <laugh> 

D:  We ought to decide who starts and <laugh> all that . 

A:  Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro 

A:  Um , and we will hope to sell this internationally . 

D:  How many should we sell then ? 

D:  well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty , that'll do four million . 

A:  Experience with remote control . 

C:  I mean you always know where your T_V_ is , so just have a call button , 

D:  Um , I think one thing is that it should be easy to find 

C:  so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control . 

D:  Um or even a  maybe a vib a vibrating thing . 

A:  What if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it 

A:  I mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base . 

D:  But even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing , a pretty object attached to the wall . 

A:  Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose , or does that not factor in ? 

C:  Hand-sized . 

C:  I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons , 

C:  but like , I don't know you , just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like , no , you never use half of them . So . 

A:  but what if it had like a little screen , so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions . 

A:  so you can programme like your favourite channels , 

D:  But , would you have the screen on the thing , or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen . 

C:  so I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen , 

A:  I mean , we have to remember our budget is twelve point  twelve fifty for  to actually make the device . 

D:  and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um  

D:  Water resistant . 

D:  maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot . 

A:  Maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it , like so you can clip it to your  

A:  The Industrial Designer , 

A:  <laugh> um is going to be looking more into the working design . 

A:  User Interface Designer . 

A:  I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w 

C:  So technical function . 

C:  <other> What effect should the thing ha should it have , 

A:  And the M_E_ , what does that stand for <laugh> ? M 

