C:  OK , another successful babble . 
C:  Wha - what was on the list ? Th - the  
C:  I mean , I sent you a couple things , 
C:  although I don't remember them . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Ah . That was the second thing . 
C:  Right . <laugh> Right . 
C:  By the way , I 'll  I  I won't be here  next Thursday . 
C:  I 'll be out of town . 
C:  But  
C:  What 's a shape file ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  I see . 
C:  This bud 's for  
C:  No . 
C:  I don't know . 
C:  U I 'm  I 'm confused . 
C:  Uh , is  is this downloading something that happens once ? 
C:  And  and then when you d display different things , it 's fine ? 
C:  So , in that case  
C:  Well , a new meeting , a transcript . Right . 
C:  But  but  i i for  but for  
C:  for presentation in , uh  Uh  I wouldn't be  
C:  Go wrong ? 
C:  I see . Yeah . 
C:  Oh ! Oh , you 're downloading a whole meeting . 
C:  Oh , yeah that @ @ . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  And then still do it ahead of time , 
C:  but then at least you 're covered if  if , uh  <inbreath> if there 's a problem . 
C:  OK . Well , I 'm gonna start working on this the week after next , 
C:  so that 's the point when I 'll need to look more carefully at what y what  what you guys have . 
C:  Right . The week after  th th 
C:  The Monday the week after next is July second , 
C:  which is the first day I get back . 
C:  So 
C:  Well , uh , I 'm giving a talk on <inbreath> July sixteenth . 
C:  It 's a Mon - Monday in four weeks ? 
C:  Three weeks ? 
C:  It 's always exciting to hear that Java 's faster than something . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Beep . 
C:  We 're all entitled to our opinions here . 
C:  Um . Yeah . So it 's  Yeah . I think it must be three and a half weeks . 
C:  Uh , cuz July  <mouth> The  the meeting is July sixteenth through eighteenth . 
C:  And , uh , my talk 's the first day . 
C:  So . 
C:  I 'm flying out there the Sunday before . 
C:  So . Um  
C:  I guess , you know , it 'd be desirable  if , a week ahead of that , we basically had  thought we had it , 
C:  which would allow a week for 
C:  re - iterating . 
C:  Yeah . Pretty much . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I th I saw that . 
C:  And it 's  it 's case insensitive ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  So , we have our first information retrieval example . 
C:  It 's a regular expression 
C:  searcher . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  You wanna say , " Where are al where  Find all the contentious things I said . " 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um  <mouth> Right . 
C:  Has  has  has Joachim Sokol replied ? 
C:  Or  ? 
C:  He 's  not around , is the only problem . 
C:  Yeah . Otherwise , it 'd be a good idea . 
C:  Yeah . He popped in . 
C:  But , I mean , he 's basically gone . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . And  and tell her  You know . Tell her your specific problem . 
C:  She 'll fix  
C:  He 's right there . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I i in  in other meetings . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Well , SRI people , easy to f find . 
C:  And , uh , IBM people , also . Just let us know . 
C:  I mean  
C:  Just  we certainly have their email . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Uh . I know they 're in . 
C:  And , uh  But I don't know . I think he was  Wasn't he asking about  ? 
C:  Well , there was an issue . 
C:  He wanted to take it down . 
C:  And then he tried  
C:  Wel 
C:  Markham probably needs u H he probably needs us to approve another time to take things down . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  In order to do that ? 
C:  I thought he  I thought he said in that mail that he would need to take it down another time . 
C:  So I think he  
C:  Well , no . I think he wanted u us to tell him when . 
C:  Yeah . I 'm sure he 'd love to  
C:  Fortunately , Markham 's not a transcriber . 
C:  But , um  
C:  " I might not work . " 
C:  " I 'm  I 'm willing to not work for an hour . " 
C:  I know you 're willing to not work for an hour . 
C:  But , I th 
C:  I 
C:  So , OK , it sounds like Markham should almost decide when he wants to do it , and tell us , as long as  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  We store  we store our data on Popcorn . 
C:  That 's really great . 
C:  I was just thinking we store our data on Popcorn . 
C:  How many  how many institutes can you <laugh> say do that ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Uh , g megabytes and mega many megabytes , too . 
C:  Um , what  what , uh  ? 
C:  So uh , what  what 's on your queue for  for recognition experiments ? 
C:  Let 's talk about that for a second , maybe . 
C:  What  what was on his queue for recognition experiments ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Uh - huh . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Oh , I know what it was  
C:  Um . Yeah . U um  
C:  Some  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um , I think it would be ne neat at some point  in this  to do , um , a recognition , uh , pass on one of the PZM mikes for these s same meetings that you 've been gi n gi bi 
C:  I mean , it 's gonna be terrible , 
C:  but , you know , we  we just don't know how terrible . 
C:  And  
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . Cuz you have a set of scores about that , 
C:  so maybe then , that wouldn't be so bad . 
C:  Oh . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But  that 'd be a hell of a lot better than what we do with just these . 
C:  And  
C:  and  and , again , if you rule out the overlap , you have some numbers for that , 
C:  cuz that 's yet another  
C:  But , I  I 'm just concerned , of course , about that  
C:  Cuz you have scores for that for the other case . 
C:  And  
C:  We just don't know how bad it will be . 
C:  I mean , one of the things that Dave was noticing  we were talking this morning  is that i it seems like  and we do don't know this in detail , but it seems like you 're getting a lot from the channel adaptation , the speaker adaptation , and so forth . 
C:  Um . So you are , already , in that recognizer , doing something that is likely to affect , uh , the  the far - field microphone , uh , formant . 
C:  So , it may not  
C:  I mean , it 's gonna be bad , 
C:  but , uh , it may not be , like , " won't decode " kind of bad . 
C:  It might  might only be that it goes from forty percent to eighty , or something like that . 
C:  I want us to assume the exac whatever it was you assumed when you did the other  the  the close mike . 
C:  Oh , I 'm  
C:  But you 're saying for this  For the adaptation , you mean . 
C:  Right . 
C:  I  
C:  I have  
C:  I  I have a suggestion . 
C:  Do the simplest thing first . 
C:  Because we 're gonna want to know that anyway . 
C:  In other words , if you d 
C:  No . It 's  No . It 's even simpler thing than that , is just that you don't know . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . Because you can get a number  uh , for that with the other as well . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  You can turn those things off . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . And then put it in correctly and see how much that helps . 
C:  I mean , I was just thinking , do the one that 's easiest first , 
C:  because you wanna know  how much that 's helping you in these cases anyhow . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . If you don't have one  more than one mike , you don't have a very good handle on location . 
C:  That 's  it 's not enough . 
C:  Mmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But , say , if  if you had a  a cardioid mike or something sitting someplace , then  <breath> sitting there , then it would  Its  its response to him would be about the same as the response to him , and so on . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  I see . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But  Anyway , I  I 'd  it 'd be neat to have that , 
C:  because you know we 've been at this for a little while 
C:  and we don't have  have  any results yet with  with conversational speech at a distance . 
C:  So , um  
C:  We should at least get  a first one . 
C:  Um , and the other thing  This would kind of be a Hail Mary , 
C:  but  but , uh  <laugh> Uh , Dave does have this stuff that is helping on digits , 
C:  and , you know , and so with  then it 'd be , you know , just throw that in and see . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Uh , well , he can do it in something else . 
C:  But , I mean  <laugh> you know , it 's  
C:  Um  
C:  Actually , we 're experimenting with phase stuff now , 
C:  and  and , uh , thi this , uh  first result he got , uh , was really great . 
C:  It actually , uh  uh  <breath> didn't exactly eliminate the reverberation , 
C:  but it completely got rid of the speech . 
C:  Yeah . Well , I was thinking that . 
C:  So , it 's  
C:  That 's  
C:  You think I didn't s <laugh> tell him that ? 
C:  No . I got pretty excited , 
C:  because it completely got rid of the speech . 
C:  So , I was thinking " well , so , 
C:  you know , it could be useful for lots of things " . 
C:  So , we have to  
C:  What ? 
C:  Well , we have to sort of check that out . 
C:  That 's  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Reminds me of when th when Herve and I were first playing with c uh , context - dependent things for nets , 
C:  and  and at one point we took out the speech input , 
C:  so we <breath> only had priors , and our performance went up . 
C:  S Yeah . 
C:  Well , of course it was a bug . 
C:  But , I mean , it 's  it 's a  but it was pretty f f <laugh> It was pretty funny anyway . 
C:  So that 's how it was generated . 
C:  Uh , but cheating is  is  p 
C:  Sure . But chea but cheating is  is  is  pretty commonly used to mean this . 
C:  It really is  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . I i i i 
C:  I it 's  i 
C:  It 's even more than that . 
C:  I think it  it really gives a very strong perspective , that you know that what you were doing is not an un - biased experiment . 
C:  If you don't say that , then people think " oh , they did that and they threw that , but that doesn't represent what would happen in the real world " . 
C:  But if you say " we did a n cheating experiment " , which is really the standard way you 'd say it , it says you deliberately put in a piece of me information that you would not have in the real world so that you can learn something . 
C:  Just as part  as your process . 
C:  So it 's  I d I don't know , 
C:  I  
C:  i 
C:  Maybe . I  I 've heard this at ICSLP for years and years and years , though . 
C:  I mean , it 's  it 's pretty  pretty common . People say this . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . In pattern recognition , or in  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah . It 's machine  machine experiments . 
C:  Um , <clears throat> I mean , w when  when the , uh , the neural net w uh  wave hit in the mid - eighties , 
C:  and by the late eighties there were  uh , we were reviewing thousands of papers that were <laugh> coming out in neural nets . 
C:  It was really hot . 
C:  Everybody thought it would do everything . 
C:  Um , and a really common error that people were making was , they were just reporting their , uh  uh , classification results on the data that they were training on . 
C:  And so I think it was  it was  it was very important for people then who were doing something diagnostic to say " hey , I know I 'm doing something that isn't kosher " . 
C:  And to make it really clear that they knew it . 
C:  So that was , I think , why  why it became a popular term . 
C:  But it isn't bootstrapping . 
C:  Uh , it 's  it 's really cheating . 
C:  It 's just ng 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
C:  But it 's cheating in a way that 's pril It 's  it 's announcing to everybody " hey , I 'm cheating , by doing this . " 
C:  It 's saying  so it 's all above the table . 
C:  I 'm actually using this other thing . 
C:  That 's  that 's  that 's the reason . 
C:  Bootstrapping would imply it was actually legitimate in some kind of way . 
C:  But  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Anyway . 
C:  It has some shock value . 
C:  Which is part of why it 's used . 
C:  Uh - huh . 
C:  But it 's also is  
C:  Right . 
C:  No , no . It has  I don't think you 're saying the data is cheating . 
C:  I think you 're saying " in my experiment , I cheated in this way " . 
C:  I mean , another is what Liz was talking about , how in the Switchboard tests  in all the Switchboard tests we 've been g doing , we 've been making the same er uh , same  uh , uh , standard  using the same standard way of  of getting the data to test on . 
C:  Which means that we weren't actually running it on  on , uh , on data that had  had no speech . 
C:  And , in a sense , that was cheating . 
C:  So i so it  it 's  it 's a good wake - up call if people " well , we have this performance but you have to keep in mind , we 're doing  we 're  we 're not doing the whole real task in this way and this way and this way . 
C:  But , I 'll convince you that  that it 's still important for you to listen to what I have to say next because of this and this . " 
C:  And so it 's just a way of putting it all out on the table , uh , as opposed to  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . Sure . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  In  
C:  In the multi - band experiments , in the first one , we really wanted to find out , " what if you knew which band was really noisy ? " 
C:  I mean , suppose you just know that . 
C:  And then  then , even if you know that , can that help you ? 
C:  I mean , what can  what strategy can you do , to do well without that particular band in the spectrum ? 
C:  And so that was important to know as a baseline . 
C:  And  and then , once you knew that , then s you go " well , now how do I know that that 's noisy ? " 
C:  And  and  and , uh  
C:  But , y you know , I  I should also say that there 's a lot of  It 's not just the word " cheating " . But there 's lots of other things that we talk about , <breath> which , as soon as you go outside of your narrow little group , it gets very , very confusing to people . 
C:  And  I i i i 
C:  Well , the example I was thinking of , also , was this w thing that  that Herve and  and Hynek and I made about , uh , increasing the error rate . 
C:  And , so we  we did a number of papers , and talks , and so forth about , uh  w uh , i the  the virtues of increasing the error rate . 
C:  OK . 
C:  And  I mean , and the whole point of it was , not that it was good to increase your error rate , but it was good to be willing to risk increasing your error rate by trying risky things , and trying  Because there 's this notion of a local minimum , that if you just have <breath> some system that 's very complex , 
C:  and you t you  <breath> you turn some knobs to try to make it better and better , you 'll never get out of this local minimum . 
C:  You have to be willing <breath> to jump to something that 's quite different . 
C:  And the first time you jump to something quite different , or maybe the first ten times or a hundred times you do , <breath> it 's gonna be much much worse , 
C:  because you 've optimized the other system . 
C:  So the effect  the immediate effect is gonna be to increase your error rate . 
C:  And so it was  we had a couple papers like " Towards increasing the error rate in speech " and  and so on . 
C:  And we really did get feedback from a few people , some of whom were , you know , fairly senior , that  that , um , " Well , you know , you sh you  you c We 're c really concerned about you misleading people into thinking they should be increasing the error rate . " 
C:  And , <laugh> uh , and we go  we thought " Oh , come on . " 
C:  But . 
C:  That 's  
C:  we weren't . 
C:  That 's why we increased the error rate . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Anyway , it 's colloquial , 
C:  an and  and , uh , it 's  it 's interesting to hear that  that someone coming from a different direction  it s it sounds the way it sounds to you . 
C:  But  but , uh , I  I 'd never heard that before . 
C:  So , so i so , that 's interesting . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Just so it doesn't  when the microphone 's dead , it doesn't put out zeros ? 
C:  Or  ? 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Johnson noise ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , but there 's  
C:  There 's tea , also , though . 
C:  So , maybe we should  maybe we should do a , uh , <breath> simultaneous digits  digits read . In the interest of  of getting the snacks . 
C:  Oh , you never have ? 
C:  Oh , it 's a treat . 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK , another successful babble . 
