{"src": "( ka ) ( ? ? ) yes . okay , so these . they are not terribly interesting , but their plans that we have to submit to ( ? ? ) you and dig around graves on . i should see if we can get the sample dissemination plan or data management plan from another project , because i think it would be helpful to see what ( ? ? ) is looking for , and to be perfectly honest ( ? ? ) written in the data management plan before . ( b ) i think i can actually get form . i guess its ( ? ? ) . dissemination plan ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) um . i 'm sure we have some from other grants that and they ( ? ? ) i guess they are usually confidential deliverable , but i do not think a project ( ? ? ) sharing them ( ? ? ) longer . and okay , uh , moving on our apparently with cluster ourselves together , um . i dont know where ( ? ? ) actually can can someone go down the hall and grab ( ? ? ) someone not working on the ( ? ? ) ok so . we the next thing we have to deliver by the 31st of august is software that goes past and the ( ? ? ) ( kd ) so at the moment , we have ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) include ( ? ? ) mortifications , and it can be more ( ? ? ) , so that we do not have to convert ( ? ? ) before doing ( ? ? ) multiplication , and then convert back again . and ( ? ? ) and our software toolkit is at least three times faster , then ( ? ? ) and they promise that they were going fix it ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) you are being recorded . ( kd ) okay and ( ? ? ) get our own solution faster then ( ? ? ) library , ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) experimental ( ? ? ) so we ran with log quantization , and retraining . and if we can do four ( ? ? ) , with one ( ? ? ) for both the activations and the parameters . and and if we just compress the parameters , to four than its point four blue loss . ( ? ? ) should help with download size that minimum , and we are using log quantization to quantizing the log . so its one bit sign . and then three bits ( ? ? ) tet us start in there . it is terrible ( ? ? ) just the ( ? ? ) system and do not retrain it by with retraining it does do pretty well and then long return question is . can we turn this into something that actually efficiently runs on the cpu . worst case scenario we unpack ( ? ? ) bit and just save the memory bandwidth . ideally , we can abuse some ( ? ? ) instructions to better than that . ( o ) quickly just repeat what is the procedure to train the models so that the model is four bit only . because you need to train ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) can you mute , because ondrej ( ? ? ) we can ( ? ? ) the noise that came when you showed up . ( o ) should i repeat the question ( ka ) yes ( o ) yeah , so my question was if if you would quickly repeat the procedure to get the model trained . so the the model os four bit only , because as as far as understood , you have now an implementation of the inference , so that you can translate on cpus with four bit models , but if you take normal model and just ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) and if you properly adapted uh , it will be the one ( ? ? ) of loss , which is , which ( ? ? ) ( ka ) ok to be clear , we have ( ? ? ) pitch fixed point , integer implementation . and we have simulation experiments on four bit , where we quantize and then restore to float and actually are running and float , per four bits , right now . ( o ) and so that is the the model was saved in four bits . but then it was like when when loading it was ( ? ? ) float , and the inference running floats on cpu . ( ka ) yes . ( o ) okay . ( ka ) this is grossly inefficient . the point is to test quality , on four bit we are currently trying to find , what can we get away with it from a quality perspective before implementing a four bit ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . and and to get and the the integer ( ? ? ) the eight bit integer model . you run the training on the ( ? ? ) ( ka ) um . okay , to get in a eight bit model . we just train ( ? ? ) on a gpu or whatever , and then ( ? ? ) someone who ( ? ? ) . ( r ) it is robin . i 'm just trying to get on here . i ( ? ? ) have a a a very good connection . ( ka ) hi robin uh , yes your connection is bouncing a bit and your arrival is well timed , because we will be talking about the ui in the next point . we are currently on five c ( ? ? ) ( o ) so can i just finish ? you have a regular model ( ? ? ) ( ka ) ( ? ? ) especially robin who ( ? ? ) . ( r ) hold on . i 'm on a mobile , that is what it is . ( ka ) you can still mute your phone . ( r ) yeah , hold on ( ka ) ( ? ? ) so anyway , um , if we train in normal model , quantize everything to eight bits and ryan inference ( ? ? ) fixed point integers . then we do not lose any quality . you just did tune the maximum value to be that maximum absolute value ( ? ? ) in there . so you take the largest wind and map that to a 127 , um , that does not work at all you lose way too much ( ? ? ) . if you try doing that trick with four bit . explain . so with four bit we are taking logs . and we have to do retraining . you lose about ten blue points . if you do not retrain , but for bit . uh , so the procedure is training right now . and this is the ( ? ? ) . the procedures train a normal system and then write some code that quantizes , both the activations and the and model , and then continue training running that quantization code again , and we keep the residuals for the stuff . ( ? ? ) rounding error and quantization . when you apply the ( ? ? ) . we keep that is the residual and accumulate small residual so that small updates can eventually change the quantize value . ( ? ? ) ( o ) it is intertwined with the more ( ? ? ) training in some way . but then there ( ka ) ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) to be perfectly honest . and then we will move onto the robin , who will talk about ui . who still muted . ( r ) causes also to trouble ( ? ? ) so as far as my update hopefully next friday . i 'm interviewing for the ui ( ? ? ) . so we should have someone actually in place in me , because they can if it is this person agrees that can start immediately . um , otherwise we have also got some , um , previous data that i 'm hoping to start analyzing and looking at error a detection in the translated text . so i 'm going to start with , ( ? ? ) then build on to that , whith the and firefox ( ? ? ) system . ( ka ) and i told robin , by the way that he should just go ahead and turn the ground for the google ( ? ? ) subscription , and be able to test on people , without any of our code being ready ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah . so the the plan is to start from no our stuff . ( l ) ( ? ? ) , so you are going to start designing the ui for the testing , and then get human them . ( r ) ( ? ? ) over already got some set up for looking at how to have both monolingual and the multilingual , actually spot errors in machine translated text . so when they look at it . ( ? ? ) have a feeling of confident ( ? ? ) no , and it from just sort of reading studies . and then i 'm also going to start looking at the ui that exists . and just see if there is any sort of problems , or what the issues are with that , as it stands . ( ? ? ) . ( l ) ( ? ? ) look at how humans ( ? ? ) ( r ) yeah . that is right . there is different categories of errors , and whether they can spot , even if it even monolingual to ( ? ? ) the original text . if the just can read read things in ( ? ? ) that does not seem quite right . ( l ) ( ? ? ) ( r ) so what i have . i have actually got is a small ( ? ? ) and machine translated text that includes errors in it . ( ? ? ) examples . ( ? ? ) they are looking . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) database come from ? ( r ) and it was two ( ? ? ) of the us and previous competition , ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) i 'm asking you ( ? ? ) and this is your statistical or neural system because the statistical result should probably be thrown out of the ( ? ? ) ( r ) i 'm trying to think how many years was a one of one ( ? ? ) of the few years back from the german to english english ( ? ? ) . i can 't remember , which exact one it may be , but ( ? ? ) i 'm not too worried about how the area to generate ( ? ? ) but that different types from ( ? ? ) different types of things things ( ? ? ) ( o ) but i would like to have the more general question . how that fits in the overall set of ( ? ? ) because i think that you are doing a fair bit of quality estimation estimation work . so that should actually not be part of the ui ( ? ? ) just to separate it . you should be able to work on that , but we should included mentally quality estimation . are you planning to make use of ( ? ? ) available at the users ( ? ? ) points at the at the browser . this is an interesting possibility , and it is becoming more and more likely , because there is software eyetrackers who just use the webcam , and , they are not involved in enough but they could be ( ? ? ) the next two years . ( ka ) do you mean , as an ( ? ? ) like with his subjects agreeing to this as i could see very bad press for the firefox translation ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah , that was exactly my ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , exactly . these are the things that we need you to discuss ( ? ? ) . and i think the research is interesting . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) as an experiment it makes sense . but i do not think it makes much sense in their real sitting , even if there was no risk , of this negative ( ? ? ) from that . so even if we assume that everybody would be totally happy from the computer looking back at his eyes . what would we use , how would we use the information that they frowned when they are looking at this empty output , would be like hide it on the spot . so how does that fit in the in the final use case that that was my question . ( r ) ( ? ? ) as really just to judge he at the time of development . i was not planning and building in ( ? ? ) or recommending it in for the actual system . but the idea of being able to monitor points of confusion can be detected in the labs experiment ( ? ? ) . ( l ) robin ( ? ? ) you have a new transmission data that has been ( ? ? ) by humans for errors . so we can exchange emails and see if any of that will be useful , it is not ( ? ? ) this new ( ? ? ) and it is quite an ( ? ? ) . ( r ) ( ? ? ) stuff that would be more appropriate , and that would be helpful . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) microphone ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and ( ? ? ) when i mentioned ( ? ? ) . and ( ? ? ) work fits better ( ? ? ) quality estimation ( ? ? ) ui . as i said , i think it is totally good and interesting . if you keep working on this on this qualities estimation with the help of ( ? ? ) data or whatever . but i think we really , we really rely on the you , doing also the ui stuff and the ui stuff would be how to display of that the ( ? ? ) is not so good in this area . so this is , this is the type of studies that we primarily one from the work package on ui . so that is what i wanted to say . ( ka ) i agree with ondrej . we primarily a need to be doing like how do we display ( ? ? ) and thats ( ? ? ) ui work package is , and whether or not someone rounds when they see something ( ? ? ) ( r ) right , because i felt that part of the ( ? ? ) is is to make sure that that was the only translated version . we are confident in it in that way . and therefore part of that is the the response . so it monolinguals um , how they actually interact with the information . ( ka ) so we wrote bunch of ( ? ? ) monolinguals and how they ( ? ? ) sentences or not , um , which was largely ( ? ? ) there as motivation for the quality estimation package ( ? ? ) to get all . and from a ui perspective the question is how do we display that quality estimation , information to the user , and did they actually understand it . ( r ) ( ? ? ) that is what i learned a building into this . that is the the purpose of his as well . it is that the is the ( ? ? ) ( l ) ( ? ? ) robin ( ? ? ) yes , he could do simillar experiments with eye tracking where ( ? ? ) different ( ? ? ) displaying ( ? ? ) their predictions , but this ( ? ? ) human ( ? ? ) so at this stage , there ( ? ? ) detections or ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) uh , i think we need to add some notes from the ui . and , quality estimation people into these minutes here , ( ? ? ) parallel with that being the notes on that discussion . we can move on to mark talking about ( ? ? ) page shoes , then metadata , and how i should be dumping pair ( ? ? ) . ( m ) ( ? ? ) that is us . basically that is as far as we got , we have not discussed ( ? ? ) . since the last time , the only singly decided is that ( ? ? ) . but that ( ? ? ) new data , but we have not identified any specific ( ? ? ) of ( ? ? ) , which will use or extract or so on . and this is the ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) and so on . and so we will not leave this until september , we will probably make a decision and starts collecting , or extracting the data some time around me . that is the update on this ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we need to be getting mark access to the files ( ? ? ) . ( m ) no wait , uh , the we had a brief look last time off to be ( ? ? ) that he makes his , which included i thing that full roy html in it . and that also have emitted ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we are not ( ? ? ) html . ( m ) ( ? ? ) he only have one line segments . ( ka ) or we are actually releasing ( ? ? ) html ( ? ? ) . ( m ) ( ? ? ) might be this one confusing it , because we might have gotten a sample from barry , or something like that . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) and what what you are what public ( ? ? ) is incredibly ( ? ? ) data in the sense that it is the stuff that we think it is translated . which is like point , one percent of the data that actually exists . and the wrong crawl it is about three terrabytes of crawl data , and we should just dumped that on you . and i assume you have somewhere to put it because you can afford three terrabytes of harddrive ( ? ? ) . ( m ) yeah . i 'm sure we can , are you not holding them forever ( ka ) i mean , we are . i presume you want to ( ? ? ) . ( m ) yeah , we would probably need to process . basically the safest option is ( ? ? ) and stroke them somewhere . but uh , we will return to that . i mean , so far what we quickly discussed and decided was that there is not any clear piece of metadata that is obviously will increase the translation quality by ( ? ? ) . there are pieces there that might help a bit like figuring out what the language is from different bits of ( ? ? ) . but none of them is like reliable and 100 percent of ( ? ? ) . but yeah , that is that is it . so we have been mostly doing ( ? ? ) , which is the off line the main adaptation . and also quality estimation stuff . ( ka ) okay . i will put some notes here . ( ? ? ) i 'm promising to get you and , um , then we will move on to ( ? ? ) talking about firefox in ( ? ? ) , which ( ? ? ) which they ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ok . ( ? ? ) few different services ( ? ? ) google , and a sort of a nice coincidence of things ( ? ? ) about two weeks ( ? ? ) boss around berlin . ( ? ? ) different things . i guess this work . and then also on ( ? ? ) engine . ( ? ? ) . and so then then , then from the first time , i can actually start working then begin ( ? ? ) started china actually getting getting the ui back to actual ( ? ? ) . so that is my hope in another thing which ( ? ? ) can be nice . two is the one that ( ? ? ) situations . ( ? ? ) downloading the models , there is like are are going to solve this ( ? ? ) once and use it to multiple times said ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) has been mentioned permission to use unlimited storage . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) are going to actually download the models like ( ? ? ) . it is on updating the models and blah-blah-blah . ( ? ? ) have it . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) hosted . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . how the models update it , like how this version to control blah-blah-blah-blah-blah . ( ka ) okay , um , fortunately , we dont need that for the initial firefox immigration ( ? ? ) will be served side , and wont even bother havin the model inside of firefox . it will it will be excellent to have a demo . ( b ) yeah i agree . ( ka ) so , um , the last point here is partly , as negotiation with the project officer , since we had to change some ( ? ? ) agreed to this early review thing with deliverables by the 30th of september . so lucia / ( ? ? ) is on the hook for some sort of progress report on quality estimation thats not a formal deliverable , 30th of september . ( l ) so , make some text reporting what we 've done so far , that we are going to this report . is that what you need ? ( ka ) yeah ( ? ? ) quality estimation , did you participate in your shared task ? ( l ) ( ? ? ) participate like fred . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) wasnt running anymore . ( l ) its mark 's now . ( ka ) we dont know exactly what the form of this is . but i suspect they are going to want to report saying it happened doing nothing . for the entire- ( f ) ( ? ? ) we have some work going on on refactoring deep quest to make it easier and faster ( ? ? ) . but we also discussed from last meeting that we could have functionality feature like a client server ( ? ? ) deep quest where you say ok , you provide us with sentence pass or ( ? ? ) then we provide you , but with some ( ? ? ) labels on it . so thats something we are expecting to have at some point . so i have a meeting this afternoon with the engineer working on this so hopefully some good news on the spot . and thats something we could expect to show in september as well along with ( ? ? ) we have qe ( ? ? ) for a fueling , which pairs for a project . ( ka ) what is what is the press ( ? ? ) high level , whats the model structure . ( f ) so we have different models , from ( ? ? ) we have a simple byron and models model . we also have implementation of the plustech system , which was the the very well performing model for 2017 and i mean we have we are going on ( ? ? ) learning so ( ? ? ) enhanced models available in deep quest as well . ( ka ) okay , the part of the reason i 'm asking is maybe we can do some of the efficiency work underneath you and run it in the same model , or or in the same code . ( l ) do you mean if , some of the efficiency , making sure our ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so okay , ( ? ? ) can i take yourk model structure and just copy it in ( ? ? ) , and then run it . ( l ) it should be very easy its just ( ? ? ) direction ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so i i guess what i 'm saying is to the extent that we 're paying to make marian go efficiently , and also paying to make deep quest go efficiently , there is scope for the duplicating or combining some efforts if its easy to ( ? ? ) directional or n model over . ( l ) yes , ( ? ? ) we are using for sentence level ( ? ? ) for word level may be a bit trickier . we can still use that but we still dont know if thats enough . i think its probably better to have to to keep the tune ( ? ? ) separate but to keep deep quest ( ? ? ) running experience and trying different things . and then according to marian what is wh- what is enough enough , and can be made efficient i think thats good . the reason we are refracturing deep quest is not only because of the project we also want to release it as and easier to use toolkit , but if you think its a good idea to ( ? ? ) according ( ? ? ) so we could definitely ( ? ? ) predictor . and that would be good starting point ( ? ? ) if you want to do that ready for the first report are . ( ka ) i dont think it has to be done for the first report , but what . it would be good to do before quality estimation is integrated into the browser . ( l ) yep , yep . ( o ) so can you still hear me ? i had to reconnect in the . because the network totally failed for me for now . so i 'm an hour and ( ? ? ) . finally , i was curious this extra review meeting . is it going to be physical or just remote . so i 'm not sure . ( ka ) remote , as far as i understand the project officer is going to take the deliverables , we provide as well as lucia , so my first deliverable , and committee will look at it . there is no song and dance in luxembourg . ( o ) ok , because then later in the call . it says that the the marathon was supposed to be linked with that was like our internal preparation for this remote review . if you look at the at the google doc for the . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) that we will host the ( ? ? ) marathon either the last week of august or the first week of september . with the first one ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we 've been working on some room reservation stuff . it wont be in luxembourg . i 'm as all all i have telling me about this review is that it will be remote and it will look at the deliverables and the easiest way for me to get more information is to go to this thing on april 26th . ( o ) ok so its its fine to , i 'll learn all the details on april 26th as well . ( ka ) yeah , i will see you then . ( t ) okay , it was actually my question , because ah , during the kickoff . there was some . i duno know we were talking about it , and the result i got from it might be at september in prague . so ah , it would be work for me to prepare if it should be like face-to-face meeting , if we all get there up here . so ah , if it will be just from ( ? ? ) , then or somewhere else . then its fine . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) but i was under the impression ( ? ? ) remote , if we want to have our own meeting independent of that we can ( ? ? ) its not necessarily required being in september or anything . ( o ) yeah , so we should not be mixing two things . one of the things is this review meeting that the po requires , and that is very likely just remote . and other thing is our annual meeting for the project , and that was discussed to be held in prague . but then the last line of of the of the meeting minutes today such as they could be co-located with empty marathon in edinburgh and also this . this meeting the annual meeting of the project could be kind of preparation , or the final check for this review meeting by the for the review , for the remote review meeting by the po . so thats just like three ways of looking at it , and two events , that should not be mixed . ( ka ) ok . so i guess the question is , since we are hosting them the marathon here anyway should we have a side meeting next to that ( ? ? ) to give them talk about um something that empty marathon , for instance , um , and i suppose we can also run a bergamot project , at mt marathon of some description . ( f ) something like integrating ( ? ? ) that . ( ka ) i see what you did there fred . you are welcome to run that project . so , we need to pin down when exactly empty marathon will be among those two weeks , and honestly lets say ( ? ? ) satisfaction problem on our end right now . and then i suspect we should set a date within that to have a dissapearing talk ( ? ? ) bergamot ( ? ? ) , marathon for some ( ? ? ) time . ( l ) ( ? ? ) two weeks again ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) last week of august , first week of september . ( f ) i will be here at the week of august , so if you want me to lead the project ( ? ? ) would be first week of september for me . ( l ) i wont be here either of the weeks . yeah , ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) right , i 've never been a fan of trying to schedule meetings within the meeting , because they go on perpetually , so i 'm going to squish this ( ? ? ) . try to move on to more things . so point 6 updates not in the above . somewhat unsurprisingly , we 've been building wmt systems . i imagine other people , especially the czechs have been building and i dunno , i havent checked the matrix recently . but i imagine other people are building wmt systems as well . i guess the question is actually who is winning . you have been building . ( ? ? ) ( o ) sorry , that was too quiet ( ka ) he 's been building determining your english ( ? ? ) system , and ( ? ? ) most of gpu time , but that hasnt been going well . but the other people and then . i have downloaded my chinese ( ? ? ) . yeah , but bergamot doesnt care about chinese . or we could put it in as a bonus . ( kc ) they havent done anything . ( ka ) yeah , well no you 've been doing integer stuck . we did exactly , and you have a system ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , yes , colleagues are working on on them , various ones and also one of my student the unsupervised , a german to czech system , which well we 'll see how that works . so we we surely have some systems , but i think the the question here should be more bergamot oriented . so , of course , the the more important question for us is which set up is best for which i which pair , and and who winsm but the for bergamot i think its good to talk about the languages that we kind of internally promised to ourselves to provide , because as far as i understand . there is no promise in the description of work . so the you can not demand any languages . or can they is there a list of the language pairs that we promised to do . ( ka ) why ( ? ? ) in the proposal . i remember yeah . ( m ) couple of german i think . ( o ) ok , so if there is the list . then , then here and this minutes , where should be a record of this . like we have these promises . and these people have these languages covered by their systems . and here are the outstanding language pairs that no one has a picked up yet but the you can ask us to to have them . so this is i think what we should we should double check . ( ka ) being handed german , french , spanish , polish , czech and estonian . ( o ) ok so yeah , czech is covered , germany 's covered , but we are probably totally ignoring french and spanish right ? ( ka ) ( ? ? ) polish . ( o ) and polish , yeah . so i 'm wondering what the or the strategy of bergamot with respect to these promises should be . so i definitely agree that its its fine . and and the best thing to do to reuse the wmt systems , but we need to follow the bergamot timeline , and have all the pairs that bergamot promised . and if its not . ( ka ) we need to have all the pair i dont think ( ? ? ) by the 30th of september . honestly i 'm more concerned about having something that has to be zero and works in one language . and then one one 's . actually i think the bigger problem is getting things set up so that we have a a type of system with hyperparameters that runs reasonably efficiently , and then replicating that for other languages , rather than trying to do all the languages , um chaotically with very different models . ( o ) i agree . ( m ) but , when we were talking about covering those languages . do we mean including them in the data , which we are trying to not collect or extract or save , or d- d- d- do we just talk about including them in the experiments , or is it just about having kept the final stages some systems also apply to these languages . ( ka ) we should have ( ? ? ) product as , translation pairs people can do . and that also includes the expectation that the domain adaptation quality estimation in outbound translation will work with them . ( o ) so i 'm sorry , i missed the question if it was for me . ( m ) my question was whether adding those languages well covering tose languages by finding somebody responsible for them does it mean that we have to include them in the experiments on our paper , and so on , or is it just about delivering final systems covering those , and then can i said that , at least , we have to make sure that the methods were trying to develop all the domain adaptation quality estimation all on translation . they are tested on those . they work on those . ( ka ) i dont think there is a requirement that if you are paid by bergamot every paper you may cast a cover all of those languages , the requirement . ( m ) we have to show at the end that shallow stuff works . ( ka ) i think its not a good idea to try into all languages upfront . its more like ( ? ? ) none of the languages , into all of them by the end . but in particular this means that if the and this was actually included in some of the work packages that , for instance , there is ( ? ? ) for all the ( ? ? ) languages ( ? ? ) the estimation . so yeah . i was looking in our ( ? ? ) deliverables none of them inherently promises that it will have all of those languages supported , and i dont actually think thats the best use of resources , because honestly , we are probably be rebuilding those systems over the course of the project . ( o ) yeah , i totally agree , i just wanted this still be in the minutes like that there is some formal promise on some languages . and i agree with you that its more important to well , concentrate on the full pipeline for just a subset of those only those that are interesting for us , and later on , we will simply run the training . also for the other ones , so that this formal requirement is satisfied and ( ? ? ) . ( m ) as far as reporting in papers goes then we can keep on developing methods based on the languages we already have and just show that . and we also applied these final selected methods to those three , four languages , also . we show that it totally ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) hopefully something will with them . okay , when we were on our last call , we had a lot of conversation between the quality estimation and outbound translation people if you look at the minutes . so i guess this is asking if asking for a progress report about have you actually spoken to each other since the last call ? ( o ) halfway . halfway , i have ( ? ? ) respond , but we 've asked for the the system the the updates the up to date system . and i was off line for that short period when ( ? ? ) today mentioned the deep qa uh the qe . so if if lucia could quickly repeat , what is the status of deep qe . and if we could get hold of that , because that is probably the easiest system to to get running , and also the best performing i would guess . ( l ) i mean , yes , unfortunetaly its not the best performing but if we want something ( ? ? ) can run in the browser then its probably the best thing we can do now . ( ? ? ) what time into sol- transfer learning and and and keeping the models light . yeah , deep quest is variable , there is refactoring going on but that doesnt affect the results . so you could take the current version of it , and to run the light version deep by an end version . and we can help you with that if you want , but yeah , ( ? ? ) email with more details . ( o ) sorry , for the echo again , so we dont need for now for the experiments , we dont need the lightweight model . it is important for the finely integration . but for now , we are happy was even heavy implementations . so in your answer please include also the best performing system to use . thank you . ( ka ) okay , next , um , there is another update on wmt . ( m ) i just so wanted to use this opportunity to say , hi to ondrej . who should really put up description of the magic task up . so all the potential participant ( ? ? ) regards . ( o ) we will get to know all the participants in personally by email , because they keep asking where the details are , yes that 's my fault . i 'll put up the webpage . so that even unexpected participants can participate . ( m ) even i have been getting emails about it . so i do not know why , so correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 've been responding that is going to be on a logical to last year , as in all of the languages included ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) with humans and just ( ? ? ) . ( o ) your answer was perfect . i 've read your answer . ( ka ) other way i am going back , and editing the notes that someone else for can ( ? ? ) support . models into marian and and making them more bit ( ? ? ) thing , rather than me doing it for you . moving on . there is a show or sign them for the eu on april the 26th , and i 'm just going to write the park , but we also have apparently need a poster or some fire to stand in front of , and and lucia 's jumping them empty marathon . so i sent an email to browser translation . it is a dissemination activity and mozilla has the designers and this is not like to conference poster we do not want an abstract in the full description of stuff , and its a but closer to marketing material . but i think you are only knows enough about project to provide some contents to the eu . ( kc ) its a its ( ? ? ) , its a bit difficult right now because we do not have anymore ( ? ? ) ( ka ) its in the proposal . ( kc ) um , okay , are otherwise i would i would suggest that we basically just ( ? ? ) a few keywords out of the proposal . to attract people i think you should be very lied on the on the actual text on the poster , because too much reading is not interesting for people , so should be couple of keywords thats like the list we actually have in the abstract in the proposal . that highlight the features . ( ka ) it sounds like . thank you for that great outline of the work you will now . i guess we can 't remove the next agenda item which is using this conference platform for things , because we are using it any way , so i 'm just gon na delete that . ( o ) so by the way , who was the one with with the hardest voice or the the the hardest echo impact . what what type of br- connection is that a a browser based , web browser based connection from a cell phone , or what is a technical issue here . ( ka ) you even have robin on anymore ? internet issue . we are now going if i understand this ui correctly which i may or may not have missing both robin and lucia had the biggest problems . and lucia was informed that the project has budget to purchase microphone . and i think we already did the next okay , we did the , like actually meeting thing honestly , we need to figure out what mt marathon is going to be and maybe people will or will not be able to make it back . and then . the last issue is a is timing . so we were men- , same time , same tape that , and we should turn this into a regular meeting . i should send something out for approximately the same day , in may , which . oh , it may not be 10th though it might be the 17th because i have got travel to the or yet another project . so we will send out but same time , same week , very simply ( ? ? ) variable . okay . one more thing regarding the recording , so at the very top of this minutes i 've put a link because we also need your consent with that . so everybody please follow that link and fill the google form . if we are allowed to so so that we have the full record like what we are allowed to do with your voice in this . ( f ) do we have to do it if we have already done it last time ? ( o ) so the , i think its safer to do it every time . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) every time . ( o ) like i 'm happy to prepare form which we do it for all the time . so would you be happy , because i didnt get any response from anyone on the actual content of this consent form . so i assume that you are all fine with the warning , but i take this and for the next time i 'm i 'm happy to prepare very , which says for all the penery calls . yeah , yeah . so what do , should make these general consent then ? ( m ) sure . ( o ) okay , so i so , for now , please its not much work its the label of the meeting has been prefilled for you . so just like two clicks , and and typing your name , which is the the official new legal way of signing yourself with the keyboard . uh , so so so sign yourself with the with the keyboard . but for the for the next one we 'll have general one , which will apply to all the plenery calls . thank you . ( ka ) ok , we 'll set a date in at least i will be here , and then people can object , and then maybe we 'll have to change it , for the next meeting , and ( ? ? ) plans 30th of june . have fun with the final throws of wmt everyone . or at least the wmt ( ? ? ) matrix task . bye . ( m ) ah , thanks . ( f ) bye . ( o ) bye . ( t ) bye .", "tgt": "procedure training normal system . bergamot doesnt care about chinese language . more information about reservation stuff ( april 26th ) . refracturing deep quest . implementation of plustech system ( great performing in 2017 ) . functionality feature client server ( show in september ) . need poster for eu show on april 26th ."}
{"src": "( ka ) coming down . ( t ) yes . ( ka ) okay , so these . they are not terribly interesting , but their plans that we have to submit to ( the eu ) you and dig around graves on . i should see if we can get the sample dissemination plan or data management plan from another project , because i think it would be helpful to see what ( the eu ) is looking for , and to be perfectly honest ( ? ? ) written in the data management plan before . ( b ) i think i can actually get form . i guess it 's to the finance advisory ( ? ? ) looking the temperature i can get example dissemination plan to that , so . ( ka ) um . i 'm sure we have some from other grants that and they ( ? ? ) i guess they are usually confidential deliverable , but i do not think a project ( ? ? ) sharing them ( ? ? ) longer . and okay , uh , moving on our apparently with cluster ourselves together , um . i do n't know where ( ? ? ) . actually can can someone go down the hall and grab ( ? ? ) someone not working on the ( ? ? ) . ok so . we , the next thing we have to deliver by the 31st of august is software that goes fast and the ( ? ? ) . echo . ( kd ) so at the moment , we have ( not kennets ) last year . 18 and 16 ( date ) in teach of ( ? ? ) multiplications of cpu . and at the moment ( ? ? ) include by as multiplications , and it can be more ( ? ? ) the marian pipeline , so that we do not have to convert trade its before doing as much multiplication , and then convert back again . and ( ? ? ) performers benchmarks against ( ? ? ) and intel and ( ? ? ) and our software toolkit is at least three times faster then intel and ( ? ? ) and they promise that they were going fix it ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( .. ) you are being recorded . ( kd ) okay and ( ? ? ) get our own solution faster then ( ? ? ) office library , i don t think ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) more experimental ( ? ? ) so we ran with log quantization , and retraining . and if we can do four ( bits ) , with one ( ? ? ) for both the activations and the parameters . and and if we just compress the parameters , to four bits than it 's point four blue loss . ( ? ? ) should help with download size that minimum , and we are using log quantization to quantizing the log . so its one bit sign . and then three bits log magnitude that s us start in there . it is terrible ( ? ? ) just the ( ? ? ) system and do not retrain it by with retraining it does do pretty well and then long return question is . can we turn this into something that actually efficiently runs on the cpu . worst case scenario we unpack and do assemble bit and just save the memory bandwidth . ideally , we can abuse some ( ? ? ) instructions to better than that . ( o ) quickly just repeat what is the procedure to train the models so that the model is four bit only . because you need to train ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) tyler ( ? ? ) can you mute , because ondrej is highlighted ( ? ? ) we can ( ? ? ) about the noise that came when you showed up . ( o ) so , should i repeat the question ? ( ka ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so my question was if if you would quickly repeat the procedure to get the model trained . so the the model os four bit only , because as as far as i understood , you have now an implementation of the inference , so that you can translate on cpus with four bit models , but if you take normal model and just round it ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) then it s fabulous and if you properly adapted uh , it will be the one ( ? ? ) of loss , which is , which ( ? ? ) ( ka ) ok to be clear , we have ( ? ? ) pitch fixed point , integer implementation . and we have simulation experiments on four bit , where we quantize and then restore to float and actually are running and float , per four bits , right now . ( o ) and so that is the the model was saved in four bits . but then it was like when when loading it was ( ? ? ) float , and the inference running floats on cpu . ( ka ) yes . ( o ) okay . ( ka ) this is grossly inefficient . the point is to test quality , on four bit we are currently trying to find , what can we get away with it from a quality perspective before implementing a four bit ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . and to get such - and and to get and the the integer , the eight bit integer model . you run the training on the ( ? ? ) floats . ( ka ) um . okay , to get in a eight bit model . we just train a normal ( ? ? ) on a gpu or whatever , and then we get someone who ( ? ? ) . ( r ) hello . just me . it is robin . i 'm just trying to get on here . ( : : ) hi . ( r ) i ( ? ? ) have a a a very good connection . ( ka ) hi robin uh , yes your connection is bouncing a bit and your arrival is well timed , because we will be talking about the ui in the next point . we are currently on five c. ( r ) right . ( o ) so can i just finish ? you have a regular model ( ? ? ) ( ka ) ( ? ? ) especially robin who is bouncing ( ? ? ) . ( r ) hold on . i 'm on a mobile , that 's what it is . ( ka ) you can still mute your phone ? ( r ) yeah , hold on . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) so anyway , um , if we train in normal model , quantize everything to eight bits and ryan inference in eight ( ? ? ) fixed point integers . then we do not lose any quality . you just did tune the maximum value to be that maximum absolute value of stuff ( ? ? ) in there . so you take the largest wind and map that to a 127 , um , that does not work at all you lose way too much ( ? ? ) . if you try doing that trick with four bit . explain . so with four bit we are taking logs . and we have to do retraining . you lose about ten blue points . if you do n't retrain , but for bit . uh , so the procedure is training right now . and this is the ( pendant flags ) . the procedures train a normal system and then write some code that quantizes , both the activations and the and model , and then continue training running that quantization code again , and we keep the residuals for the stuff . for the rounding error and quantization . when you apply the gradiance . we keep that is the residual and accumulate small residual so that small updates can eventually change the quantize value . ( o ) it is intertwined with the more ( ? ? ) training in some way . but then there ( ka ) yes . ( ? ? ) you have to retrained ( ? ? ) to be perfectly honest . and then we will move onto the robin , who will talk about ui . who is still muted . ( r ) causes also to trouble i do n't ( ? ? ) so as far as my update hopefully next friday . i 'm interviewing for the ui ( ? ? ) . so we should have someone actually in place in me , because they can if it is this person agrees that can start immediately . um , otherwise we have also got some , um , previous data that i 'm hoping to start analyzing and looking at an error detection in the translated text . so i 'm going to start with , ( ? ? ) then build on to that , whith the and firefox api system . ( ka ) and i told robin , by the way , that he should just go ahead and turn the ground for the google ( ? ? ) subscription , and be able to test on people , without any of our code being ready ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah . so the the plan is to start from no our stuff . ( l ) ( ? ? ) i m not sure , so you are going to start designing the ui for the testing , and then get human them . ( r ) ( ? ? ) over already got some set up for looking at how to have both monolingual and the multilingual , actually spot errors in machine translated text . so when they look at it . ( ? ? ) have a feeling of confident so no in it from just sort of reading studies . and then i 'm also going to start looking at the ui that exists . and just see if there is any sort of problems , or what the issues are with that , as it stands . so , there are two differents ( ? ? ) . ( l ) so , okay . ( ? ? ) lecture about sure in errors , you say , you just want look at how humans date and detect of errors at the ( ? ? ) okay ? ( r ) yeah . that is right . there is different categories of errors , and whether they can spot , even if it even monolingual to do ( ? ? ) the original text . if the just can read read things in ( ? ? ) that does not seem quite right . ( l ) ( ? ? ) and so incorrect so on if you get translations what errors are ( r ) yes , so what i have . i have actually got is a small ( ? ? ) and machine translated text that includes errors in it . ( ? ? ) examples . ( ? ? ) they are looking on these . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) database come from ? ( r ) and it was two ( ? ? ) of the us and previous competition websites . ( ka ) i 'm asking you ( ? ? ) and this is your statistical or neural system because the statistical result should probably be thrown out of the ( ? ? ) ( r ) i 'm trying to think how many years was a one of one ( ? ? ) of the few years back from the german to english english in place ( ? ? ) . i ca n't remember , which exact one it may be , but ( ? ? ) i 'm not too worried about how the area to generate ( ? ? ) but that different types from ( ? ? ) different types of things things ( ? ? ) ( o ) but i would like to have the more general question . how that fits in the overall set of ( ? ? ) because i think that you are doing a fair bit of quality estimation estimation work . so that should actually not be part of the ui word package ( ? ? ) just to separate it . you should be able to work on that , but we should included mentally quality estimation . are you planning to make use of ( ? ? ) available at the users ( ? ? ) points at the at the browser . this is an interesting possibility , and it is becoming more and more likely , because there is software eyetrackers who just use the webcam , and , they are not involved in enough but they could be all involve the next two years . ( ka ) do you mean , as an ( ? ? ) like with his subjects agreeing to this as i could see very bad press for the firefox translation ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah , that was exactly my thought . ( o ) yeah , exactly . these are the things that we need you to discuss ( ? ? ) . and i think the research is interesting . ( ka ) that was an answer . laugh ( o ) ( ? ? ) i didn t hear you . as an experiment it makes sense . but i do not think it makes much sense in their real setting , even if there was no risk , of this negative pr from that . so even if we assume that everybody would be totally happy from the computer looking back at his eyes . what would we use , how would we use the information that they frowned when they are looking at this empty output , would be like hide it on the spot . so how does that fit in the in the final use case that that was my question . ( r ) ( ? ? ) as really just to judge he at the time of development . i was not planning and building in ( ? ? ) or recommending it in for the actual system . but the idea of being able to monitor points of confusion can be detected in the labs experiment ( ? ? ) . ( l ) robin will you have a new transmission data that has been ( ? ? ) by humans for errors . so we can exchange emails and see if any of that will be useful , it s not ( ? ? ) using the product , this new mt . and it is quite an ( ? ? ) and we should talk . ( r ) ( ? ? ) stuff that would be more appropriate , and that would be helpful . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) microphone . ( o ) and in our comment when i mentioned word packages . and ( ? ? ) work fits better an word package quality estimation on or the package ui . as i said , i think it is totally good and interesting . if you keep working on this on this qualities estimation with the help of ( ? ? ) data or whatever . but i think we really , we really rely on the you , doing also the ui stuff and the ui stuff would be how to display of that the mt is not so good in this area . so this is , this is the type of studies that we primarily one from the work package on ui . so that s what i wanted to say . ( ka ) i agree with ondrej . we primarily need to be doing like how do we display this stuff to ( ? ? ) and thats ( ? ? ) ui work packages , and whether or not someone rounds when they see something ( ? ? ) . ( r ) right , because i felt that part of the emphasis is to make sure that that was the only translated version . we are confident in it in that way . and therefore part of that is the the response . so it monolinguals um , how they actually interact with the information . ( ka ) so we wrote bunch of ( ? ? ) about monolinguals and how they trust sentences or not , um , which was largely ( ? ? ) there as motivation for the quality estimation package ( ? ? ) to get all . and from a ui perspective the question is how do we display that quality estimation , information to the user , and did they actually understand it . ( r ) ( ? ? ) that is what i learned a building into this . that is the the purpose of his as well . it is that the is the actors ( ? ? ) supposed to be choose as well - ( l ) so , robin , if i m , if you do have , if you provide some annotated data if you have some then - yes , he could do simillar experiments with eye tracking where you were trained in different ways of displaying this annotations , right . it just pretend their predictions , but this area human annotations . so at this stage , there perfect detections or ( ? ? ) . yeah , okay . ( ka ) uh , i think we need to add some notes from the ui . and , quality estimation people into these minutes here , on report 5d and parallel with that being the notes on that discussion . we can move on to mark talking about web pages and metadata , and how i should be dumping pair ( ? ? ) . ( m ) so , that s us . basically that s as far as we got , we have not discussed to worked on this since the last time , the only singly decided is that - yeah , kenneth shold dump ( ? ? ) . but that ( ? ? ) new data , but we have not identified any specific part of level , which will use or extract or so on . and this is the wmt ( ? ? ) plus my yellow reviews . and so on . and so we will not leave this until september , we will probably make a decision and starts collecting , or extracting the data some time around me . that is the update on this ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we need to be getting mark access to the files that year . ( m ) no wait , uh , the we had a brief look last time off to be ( ? ? ) that he makes his , which included i thing that full roy html in it . and that also have emitted ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we are not really synch ( ? ? ) html . ( m ) ( ? ? ) he only have one line segments . ( ka ) or we are actually releasing ( ? ? ) html ( ? ? ) . ( m ) ( ? ? ) might be this one confusing it , because we might have gotten a sample from barry , or something like that . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) and what what you are what public ( ? ? ) is incredibly ( ? ? ) data in the sense that it is the stuff that we think it is translated . which is like point , one percent of the data that actually exists . and the wrong crawl it is about three terrabytes of crawl data , and we should just dumped that on you . and i assume you have somewhere to put it because you can afford three terrabytes of harddrive . ( m ) yeah . i 'm sure we can , are you not holding them forever ? ( ka ) i mean , we are . i presume you want to ( ? ? ) . ( m ) yeah , we would probably need to process . basically the safest option is ( ? ? ) and stroke them somewhere . but uh , we will return to that . i mean , so far what we quickly discussed and decided was that there is not any clear piece of metadata that is obviously will increase the translation quality by ( ? ? ) . there are pieces there that might help a bit like figuring out what the language is from different bits of ( ? ? ) . but none of them is like reliable and 100 percent of pieces . but yeah , that is that is it . so we have been mostly doing ( ? ? ) , which is the off line the main adaptation . and also quality estimation stuff . ( ka ) okay . i will put some notes here . ( ? ? ) i 'm promising to get you and , um , then we will move on to ( ? ? ) talking about firefox in ( ? ? ) , which ( ? ? ) which they ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ok . ( ? ? ) few different services ( ? ? ) google , and a sort of a nice coincidence of things ( ? ? ) about two weeks ( ? ? ) boss around berlin . ( ? ? ) different things . i guess this work . and then also on ( ? ? ) engine . ( ? ? ) . and so then then , then from the first time , i can actually start working then begin ( ? ? ) started china actually getting getting the ui back to actual ( ? ? ) . so that is my hope in another thing which ( ? ? ) can be nice . two is the one that ( ? ? ) situations . ( ? ? ) downloading the models , there is like are are going to solve this ( ? ? ) once and use it to multiple times said ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) has been mentioned permission to use unlimited storage . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) are going to actually download the models like ( ? ? ) . it is on updating the models and blah-blah-blah . ( ? ? ) have it . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) hosted . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . how the models update it , like how this version to control blah-blah-blah-blah-blah . ( ka ) okay , um , fortunately , we dont need that for the initial firefox immigration ( ? ? ) will be served side , and wont even bother havin the model inside of firefox . it will it will be excellent to have a demo . ( b ) yeah i agree . ( ka ) so , um , the last point here in is partly , as negotiation with the project officer , since we had to change some ( ? ? ) agreed to this early review thing with deliverables by the 30th of september . so lucia / ( ? ? ) is on the hook for some sort of progress report on quality estimation thats not a formal deliverable , 30th of september . ( l ) so , make some text reporting what we 've done so far , that we are going to this report . is that what you need ? ( ka ) yeah ( ? ? ) quality estimation , did you participate in your shared task ? ( l ) ( ? ? ) participate like fred . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) wasn t running anymore . ( l ) its mark 's now . ( ka ) and we don t know exactly what the form of this is . but i suspect they are going to want to report saying it happened doing nothing . for the entire- ( f ) not efectly not . we have some work going on on refactoring deep quest to make it easier and faster of ( ? ? ) . but we also discussed from last meeting that we could have functionality feature like a client server . they deep quest where you say ok , you provide us with sentence pass or ( ? ? ) then we provide you , but with some quite labels on it . so thats something we are expecting to have at some point . so i have a meeting this afternoon with the engineer working on this so hopefully some good news on the spot . and thats something we could expect to show in september as well along with ( ? ? ) we have qe models for a fueling , which pairs for a project . ( ka ) what is what is the press ( ? ? ) what like high level , whats the model structure . ( f ) so we have different models , from ( ? ? ) we have a simple byron and models model . we also have implementation of the plustech system , which was the the very well performing model for 2017 and i mean we have we are going on ( ? ? ) learning so ( ? ? ) enhanced models available in deep quest as well . ( ka ) okay , the part of the reason i 'm asking is maybe we can do some of the efficiency work underneath you and run it in the same model , or or in the same code . ( l ) do you mean if , some of the efficiency , making sure our ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so okay , ( ? ? ) can i take yourk model structure and just copy it in ( ? ? ) , and then run it . ( l ) it should be very easy its just ( ? ? ) direction ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so i i guess what i 'm saying is to the extent that we 're paying to make marian go efficiently , and also paying to make deep quest go efficiently , there is scope for the duplicating or combining some efforts if its easy to ( ? ? ) directional or n model over . ( l ) yes , i mean we are using for sentence level might for word level may be a bit trickier . we can still use that but we still don t know if thats enough . i think its probably better to have to to keep the tune ( ? ? ) separate but to keep deep quest as a way running experience and trying different things . and then according to marian what is wh- what is enough enough , and can be made efficient i think thats good . the reason we are refracturing deep quest is not only because of the project we also want to release it as and easier to use toolkit , but if you think its a good idea to ( ? ? ) according ( ? ? ) so we could definitely ( ? ? ) predictor . and that would be good starting point ( ? ? ) if you want to do that ready for the first report are . ( ka ) i don t think it has to be done for the first report , but what . it would be good to do before quality estimation is integrated into the browser . ( l ) yep , yep . ( o ) so can you still hear me ? i had to reconnect in the . because the network totally failed for me for now . so i 'm an hour and ( ? ? ) . finally , i was curious this extra review meeting . is it going to be physical or just remote . so i 'm not sure . said again . ( ka ) remote , as far as i understand the project officer is going to take the deliverables , we provide as well as lucia , so my first deliverable , and committee will look at it . there is no song and dance in luxembourg . ( o ) ok , because then later in the call . it says that the the marathon was supposed to be linked with that was like our internal preparation for this remote review . if you look at the at the google doc for the down . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) that we will host the mt marathon either the last week of august or the first week of september . with the first one ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we 've been working on some room reservation stuff . it won t be in luxembourg . i 'm as all all i have telling me about this review is that it will be remote and it will look at the deliverables and the easiest way for me to get more information is to go to this thing on april 26th . ( o ) ok so its its fine to , i 'll learn all the details on april 26th as well . ( ka ) yeah , i will see you then . ( t ) okay , it was actually my question , because ah , during the kickoff . there was some . i don t know we were talking about it , and the result i got from it might be at september in prague . so ah , it would be work for me to prepare if it should be like face-to-face meeting , if we all get there up here . so ah , if it will be just from ( ? ? ) , then or somewhere else . then its fine . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) but i was under the impression ( ? ? ) remote , if we want to have our own meeting independent of that we can ( ? ? ) its not necessarily required being in september or anything . ( o ) yeah , so we should not be mixing two things . one of the things is this review meeting that the po requires , and that is very likely just remote . and other thing is our annual meeting for the project , and that was discussed to be held in prague . but then the last line of of the of the meeting minutes today such as they could be co-located with empty marathon in edinburgh and also this . this meeting the annual meeting of the project could be kind of preparation , or the final check for this review meeting by the for the review , for the remote review meeting by the po . so thats just like three ways of looking at it , and two events , that should not be mixed up . ( ka ) ok . so i guess the question is , since we are hosting them the marathon here anyway should we have a side meeting next to that ( ? ? ) to give them talk about um something that empty marathon , for instance , um , and i suppose we can also run a bergamot project , at mt marathon of some description . ( f ) something like integrating ( ? ? ) that . ( ka ) i see what you did there fred . you are welcome to run that project . so , we need to pin down when exactly empty marathon will be among those two weeks , and honestly lets say ( ? ? ) is great satisfaction problem on our end right now . and then i suspect we should set a date within that to have a dissapearing talk about bergamot thing that could be done during marathon for some of ( ? ? ) time . ( l ) ( ? ? ) two weeks again ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) last week of august , first week of september . ( f ) i will be here at the week of august , so if you want me to lead the project ( ? ? ) would be first week of september for me . ( l ) i won t be here either of the weeks . yeah , ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) right , i 've never been a fan of trying to schedule meetings within the meeting , because they go on perpetually , so i 'm going to squish this ( ? ? ) . try to move on to more things . so point 6 updates not in the above . somewhat unsurprisingly , we 've been building wmt systems . i imagine other people , especially the czechs have been building and i dunno , i havent checked the matrix recently . but i imagine other people are building wmt systems as well . ( o ) yep . ( ka ) i guess the question is actually who is winning . you have been building . ( ? ? ) ( o ) sorry , that was too quiet ( ka ) he 's been building determining your english german system , and ( ? ? ) most of gpu time , but that hasnt been going well . but the other people and then . ( kc ) i have downloaded my chinese ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) yeah , but bergamot doesn t care about chinese . or we could put it in as a bonus . ( kc ) they havent done anything . ( ka ) yeah , well no you 've been doing integer stuck . we did exactly , and you have a system ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , yes , colleagues are working on on them , various ones and also one of my student the unsupervised , a german to czech system , which well we 'll see how that works . so we we surely have some systems , but i think the the question here should be more bergamot oriented . so , of course , the the more important question for us is which set up is best for which language pair , and and who wins but the for bergamot i think it s good to talk about the languages that we kind of internally promised to ourselves to provide , because as far as i understand . there is no promise in the description of work . so the you can not demand any languages . or can they is there a list of the language pairs that we promised to do ? ( ka ) why ( ? ? ) in the proposal . i remember yeah . ( m ) couple of german i think . ( o ) ok , so if there is the list . then , then here and this minutes , where should be a record of this . like we have these promises . and these people have these languages covered by their systems . and here are the outstanding language pairs that no one has a picked up yet but the you can ask us to to have them . so this is i think what we should we should double check . ( ka ) being handed german , french , spanish , polish , czech and estonian . ( o ) ok so yeah , czech is covered , germany 's covered , but we are probably totally ignoring french and spanish right ? ( ka ) ( ? ? ) polish . ( o ) and polish , yeah . so i 'm wondering what the or the strategy of bergamot with respect to these promises should be . so i definitely agree that it s it s fine . and and the best thing to do to reuse the wmt systems , but we need to follow the bergamot timeline , and have all the pairs that bergamot promised . and if it s not . ( ka ) we need to have all the pair i dont think ( ? ? ) by the 30th of september . honestly i 'm more concerned about having something that has to be zero and works in one language . and then one one 's . actually i think the bigger problem is getting things set up so that we have a a type of system with hyperparameters that runs reasonably efficiently , and then replicating that for other languages , rather than trying to do all the languages , um chaotically with very different models . ( o ) yeah , i agree . ( m ) but , when we were talking about covering those languages . do we mean including them in the data , which we are trying to not collect or extract or save , or d- d- d- do we just talk about including them in the experiments , or is it just about having kept the final stages some systems also apply to these languages . ( ka ) we should have ( ? ? ) product as , translation pairs people can do . and that also includes the expectation that the domain adaptation quality estimation in outbound translation will work with them . ( o ) so i 'm sorry , i missed the question if it was for me . ( m ) my question was whether adding those languages well covering those languages by finding somebody responsible for them does it mean that we have to include them in the experiments on our paper , and so on , or is it just about delivering final systems covering those , and then can i said that , at least , we have to make sure that the methods were trying to develop all the domain adaptation quality estimation all on translation . they are tested on those . they work on those . ( ka ) i don t think there is a requirement that if you are paid by bergamot every paper you may cast a cover all of those languages , the requirement . ( m ) we have to show at the end that shallow stuff works . ( ka ) i think its not a good idea to try into all languages upfront . its more like ( ? ? ) none of the languages , into all of them by the end . but in particular this means that if the and this was actually included in some of the work packages that , for instance , there is in post of any ( ? ? ) for all of these languages quality estimation . ( o ) so yeah . ( ka ) i was looking in our mediate deliverables none of them inherently promises that it will have all of those languages supported . and i don t actually think thats the best use of resources , because honestly , we are probably be rebuilding those systems over the course of the project . ( o ) yeah , i totally agree , i just wanted this still be in the minutes like that there is some formal promise on some languages . and i agree with you that its more important to well , concentrate on the full pipeline for just a subset of those only those that are interesting for us , and later on , we will simply run the training . also for the other ones , so that this formal requirement is satisfied and full stop . ( m ) as far as reporting in papers goes then we can keep on developing methods based on the languages we already have and just show that . and we also applied these final selected methods to those three , four languages , also . and we show that it totally work on them or wise ( ? ? ) comes out . ( ka ) hopefully something will work with them . okay , when we were on our last call , we had a lot of conversation between the quality estimation and outbound translation people if you look at the minutes . so i guess this is asking if asking for a progress report about have you actually spoken to each other since the last call ? ( o ) halfway . halfway , i have ( ? ? ) respond , but we 've asked for the the system the the updates the up to date system . and i was off line for that short period when ( ? ? ) today mentioned the deep qa uh the qe . so if if lucia could quickly repeat , what is the status of deep qe . and if we could get hold of that , because that is probably the easiest system to to get running , and also the best performing i would guess . ( l ) i mean , yes , unfortunetaly it s not the best performing but if we want something ( ? ? ) can run in the browser then its probably the best thing we can do now . ( ? ? ) what time into solution transfer learning and and and keeping the models light . yeah , deep quest is variable , there is refactoring going on but that doesn t affect the results . so you could take the current version of it , and to run the light version deep by an end version . and we can help you with that if you want , but yeah , ( ? ? ) email with more details . ( o ) sorry , for the echo again , so we don t need for now for the experiments , we don t need the lightweight model . it is important for the finely integration . but for now , we are happy was even heavy implementations . so in your answer please include also the best performing system to use . thank you . ( ka ) okay , next , um , there is another update on wmt . ( m ) i just so wanted to use this opportunity to say , hi to ondrej . who should really put up description of the magic task up . so all the potential participant ( ? ? ) regards . ( o ) we will get to know all the participants in personally by email , because they keep asking where the details are , yes that 's my fault . i 'll put up the webpage . so that even unexpected participants can participate . ( m ) even i have been getting emails about it . so i do not know why , so correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 've been responding that is going to be on a logical to last year , as in all of the languages included ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) relation with humans and just ( ? ? ) . ( o ) your answer was perfect . i 've read your answer . ( ka ) by the way i m going back , and editing the notes that someone else for set can offers support ( ? ? ) models into marian and and making them more bit join thing , rather than me doing it for you . moving on . there is a show or sign them for the eu on april the 26th , and i 'm just going to write the park , but we also have apparently need a poster or some fire to stand in front of , and and lucia 's jumping them empty marathon . so i sent an email to browser translation . it is a dissemination activity and mozilla has the designers and this is not like to conference poster we don t want an abstract in the full description of stuff , and its a bit closer to marketing material . but i think you are only knows enough about project to provide some contents to the eu . ( kc ) it s a it s bit , it s a bit difficult right now because we do not have anymore ( ? ? ) interfaces . ( ka ) it s in the proposal . ( kc ) um , okay , are otherwise i would i would suggest that we basically just ( ? ? ) a few keywords out of the proposal . to attract people i think you should be very lied on the on the actual text on the poster , because too much reading is not interesting for people , so should be couple of keywords thats like the list we actually have in the in the abstract in the proposal . that highlight the features . ( ka ) it sounds like . thank you for that great outline of the work you will now . i guess we ca n't remove the next agenda item which is using this conference platform for things , because we are using it any way , so i 'm just gon na delete that . ( o ) so by the way , who was the one with with the hardest voice or the the the hardest echo impact . what what type of br- connection is that a a browser based , web browser based connection from a cell phone , or what is a technical issue here . ( ka ) you even have robin on anymore ? ( ) i think it was internet issue . ( ka ) we are now going if i understand this ui correctly which i may or may not have missing both robin and lucia had the biggest problems . and lucia was informed that the project has budget to purchase microphone . and i think we already did the next okay , we did the , like actually meeting thing honestly , we need to figure out what mt marathon is going to be and maybe people will or will not be able to make it back . and then . the last issue is a is timing . so we were men- , same time , same tape that , and we should turn this into a regular meeting . i should send something out for approximately the same day , in may , which . oh , it may not be 10th , might be the 17th because i have got travel to the or yet another project . so we will send out but same time , same week , very simply ( ? ? ) the only favourable . okay . ( o ) one more thing regarding the recording , so at the very top of this minutes i 've put a link because we also need your consent with that . so everybody please follow that link and fill the google form . if we are allowed to so so that we have the full record like what we are allowed to do with your voice in this . ( f ) do we have to do it if we have already done it last time ? ( o ) so the , i think it s safer to do it every time . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) every time . ( o ) it s not to - like i 'm happy to prepare form which we do it for all the time . so would you be happy , because i didnt get any response from anyone on the actual content of this consent form . so i assume that you are all fine with the warning , but i take this and for the next time i 'm happy to prepare very , which says for all the penery calls . yeah , yeah . so what do , should make these general consent then ? ( m ) sure . ( o ) okay , so yeah . so , for now , please its not much work its the label of the meeting has been prefilled for you . so just like two clicks , and and typing your name , which is the the official new legal way of signing yourself with the keyboard . uh , so so so sign yourself with the with the keyboard . but for the for the next one we 'll have general one , which will apply to all the plenery calls . thank you . ( ka ) ok , we 'll set a date in at least i will be here , and then people can object , and then maybe we 'll have to change it , for the next meeting , and ( ? ? ) plans 30th of june . have fun with the final throws of wmt everyone . or at least the wmt ( ? ? ) task matrix task . bye . ( m ) ah , thanks . ( f ) bye . ( o ) bye . ( t ) bye .", "tgt": "kenneth: mention that it would be useful get the sample dissemination plan or data management plan from another project . kenneth team mention software which has to be deliver by the 31st of august . kenneth and ond\u0159ej discuss four bits model , log quantization and retraining . if parameters are compress to four bits than it 's point four blue loss . actualy there is 8 bit fixed point , integer implementation model and simulation experiments on 4 bit model . there are trained a normal mt on a gpu . the point is to test quality and trying to find , what can we get away with it from a quality perspective before implementing a four bit model . train in normal model , quantize everything to eight bits and in eight bit fixed point integers , then we do not lose any quality . discuss error detection in translated text and ui . overall set up of bergamot will be interesting as an experiment . monolinguals how they actually interact with the information . talk about web pages and metadata . there are not any news from last time . there will probably be made a decision and starts collecting , or extracting the data . there is n't any clear piece of metadata that is obviously will increase the translation quality . discuss negotiation with the project officer . there are deliverables by the 30th of september . some text reporting have been done so far . qe models and functionality feature like a client server are expected to show in september . kenneth and ond\u0159ej point out the meeting . review meeting that the po requires , and that is very likely just remote . annual meeting for the project , and that was discussed to be held in prague . they could be co-located with mt marathon in edinburgh ."}
{"src": "( ka ) i figured out how to use an encoder to transcribe the video recording , and then to just the audio file and upload it . ( o ) so so it it . i have not seen the . the link myself . but was it passed to anna ? or to barry , or i havent seen the previous recording myself , maybe you have send it some somewhere to someone . but . ( ka ) my policy is all dump it in the directory . and ( ? ? ) and then edinburgh part of the consortium when its no longer my problem . ( o ) oh , okay . so uh , thats right . so i 'll talk to barry about about its . ( ka ) sure . ( o ) yeah , ok thank you . ( ka ) um , it , is so ok . the , moving onto a the point two . we , have the user interface people . uh . we probably will not get something as shiny as a mozilla internally ui design report looks . but , it is worth pointing out to the ui people that there is an expectation of research and innovation and innovation includes having actual ui designs . ( mat ) yep . absolutely agree , absolutely yes . we will have something ( ? ? ) forward on . ( r ) this the kelly said was for the ( ? ? ) end of the project . its its thats the ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) well , okay , look . i i i dont think you have to have a very shiny looking fancy cover . ( r ) no , thats thats fine . that is what we are seeing thats it . ( mat ) the . we are still working on it , still the parts , we are still working on the of the different parts of the user interface rather than having the ( ? ? ) right now . in terms of i think thats the . the issues ( ? ? ) . we kelly 's final design spec is for us working progress , still ( ? ? ) different parts like . ( ka ) i understand that the full ui is not done . find that the way the grant was written which immediately was actually and writing your schedule . because the ui people werent writing that when we were doing the proposal . is that it is you should have the translation interface done . and then the quality estimation one and then the ondrej style , round trip translation things . so in theory , a ui should fully exist for the translation feature . ( mat ) for the . ( ? ? ) translation there is the already that what mozilla has done for the outbound and for the . ( ka ) do you have the user experience for the users own content being translated . ( mat ) for the content . no . that is ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) you know the thing that the reviewers actually pressed ( ? ? ) in the review . ( mat ) that is what were one of the things that we are working on . but the part of that is a ( ? ? ) . how everything comes out ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) there is a difference between the user experience for taking a document you have and say french , and translating it too say english , when you speak english . that is a distinct feature from the ondrej bojar style form filling feature . yeah , ( ? ? ) average user is not going to upload their content to our web page . somewhere and then browse to it with firefox . in order to hit the translation button . and that is a ui that we promised in the proposal and a ui that the reviewers reminded us needs to exist in the review . and definitely needs to exist before this review . ( mat ) okay . the inbound transformation thats inbound transition . and a kicking . yeah . ( o ) yeah . and fully offline . i would say it is inbound and absolutely off-line . not even the document is online . thats the difference problem . normally usecase . ( mat ) yeah , exactly . but it still happening through the browser . ( o ) yep . ( ka ) thats the , thats the interface ( ? ? ) . if the interface is a separate icon on the users desktop . that they launch that is kind of translate thing that happens to be the same software behind . that is a user interface . the problem is you have it to find any user interface right now . ( mat ) we 've been concentrating on the qe an the ( ? ? ) experiment right now . the getting document translated to appear in the in the mozilla browse- in the mozilla browser is . once the document is loaded into the browsers where it comes from whether its local or ( ? ? ) web . still the same interface that will be translating the inbound information . so inbound meaning translating into your native language . ( ka ) you need to design the experience for this . i mean , yes , it more less amounts to basically a helper for the user to realize that file colon / / is a thing . or ( ? ? ) text is a thing . ( mat ) yes , i dropped your document here ( ? ? ) box that will appear . ( ka ) i havent seen any images for that . i havent seen the ( ? ? ) . and you 've known about this since month nine at the very least . ( mat ) we have that as part of our report . ( ? ? ) obviously . because what we 've been doing ( ? ? ) part . ( ka ) problem is kelly is supposed to have this integrated . into firefox . and to integrate it . he need your ui design . ( mat ) with kelly , okay . ( ka ) i recognize it wont be a final clean polished product that looks perfect in every way for this review , but there needs to be some interface that does that . ( mat ) okay then . with kelly . is there something that you 'd like to just quickly touch on ( ? ? ) . are you there kelly ? ( k ) yeah yeah i 'm there i mean . ( mat ) okay , okay then . in principal it couldnt be for e- , it couldnt be just an extra item on the list of all ( ? ? ) what you already have in the mozilla browser . which brings up the box that says drop your document here . and then we are ( ? ? ) sort of an image of what for that form . ( k ) it i mean its ( ? ? ) , yes but i kinda have to see details ( ? ? ) to be really sort of sure that that ( ? ? ) usecase . ( mat ) okay then . very well . we can ( ? ? ) we 'll get the images for you for that to . and the idead is that is a dropping it will be an extra item in what you already have there inbound translation . ( ka ) and when you say we will get to continue its purpose that is a deadline . ( mat ) by the end of next week . ( k ) i lost like the last 10 maybe 15 seconds of what you said . ( mat ) oh by the end of , sorry , by the end of next week . ( k ) okay , okay . ( ka ) noted ? 5th of june . ( mat ) okay . ( ka ) i think there is some interesting copy paste error that happened in the agenda and try to clean it up , but . ( mat ) okay . ( ka ) let me ask related question , is there at any and this is . and this is partly moving onto three and partly staying in two . what x. what things this mozilla need out of the ui work package . and this is a kelly question . ( k ) i mean , i guess . its kind of a weird . lets say . state to be in cause its the ui ( ? ? ) state . so , i mean ideally there be some kind of ( ? ? ) design docs and like ui and ux documentation ( ? ? ) . should be . maybe something its heavy because when i ( ? ? ) something kind of ( ? ? ) . so i can know exactly like how to ( ? ? ) ui and ux ( ? ? ) sort of . we can ( ? ? ) up in terms of ux and particular sort of . i think that when somebody clicks and it fails ( ? ? ) this happens but same time that sort of yes . slightly ( ? ? ) but maybe thats kind of okay to extend for ( ? ? ) final ux or ui regard but could be ( ? ? ) little bit more concrete in terms of something closer to the document i said but ( ? ? ) in that direction i 'd say . ( mat ) in um . ( ? ? ) formats , whats what the parts ( ? ? ) we 're considering and what we 're looking at in terms of for example having back translation or not having back translation having . the configuration what options to consider , to have in the considerate in the configuration . that kind of stuff . ( k ) yeah , that kind of thing . ( ? ? ) also be nice to ( ? ? ) how much . ( ? ? ) say maybe mozilla specific ( ? ? ) but that things like maybe if there is a image like image of a i dunno translate icon or something like this . there be a link to the this is the resource for the translate icon this ( ? ? ) . things like that where i mean i can make stuff like that . ( ? ? ) if i make something like that ( ? ? ) like like ( ? ? ) mozilla resources . i mean so , but those are things that are kind of needed to make a more something , going towards the more polished ui ux experience . ( mat ) ok . lets see . it say . ( ka ) we have a robin on here . i think the ( ? ? ) point i want to make it is . if robin needs to hire a industrial designer type person to complete the innovation part of this . then i will work with rob into have that happen . ( r ) so we are now actually doing the final design rather in the recommendations for it . thats thats a different . i wasnt i wasnt thinking that we actually . build final thing . i thought we were ( ? ? ) forward to this is what is required . and this is what we 're . as a ( ? ? ) to this the color of green . because that fits with the bergamot design . ( ka ) we never going to use that color green . ( r ) whatever thats yeah okay . we are no . that wasnt the . wasnt what i was expecting to end up doing . what we 're going to do is say . this is what works . this is what people prefer . this is how it it it should be . ( ka ) well i recognize this a this a bit of both here . ah , are you ever going to be a professional industrial designer , finishing everything , the complicient probably not . are are goods that . are we at edinburgh , could it designing consistently with firefoxes , brandon user interface , probably not um , do we need to have images of every user story . that outline what the experience looks like for putting your own content in . yes . ( r ) yes , thats okay . thats what we are saying yeah . ( ka ) and i havent seen . i dont think it is adequate answer when mozilla comes in says do you have an updated version of the deliverable , with more stuff to implement . and the answer is no we dont . here is some old images . ( r ) right . right so we will produce some updated version versions of the . the component images . ( ka ) for better or worse . no one in this project is a ux person rather than your team and . ( r ) yeah , but thats ( ? ? ) within the ux from the ui . to the user experience ( ? ? ) ui 's actually just have it look in that thing . ( mat ) so having an extra person help with the images and icons and design of the color scheme and chemists proposal . i think its a definitely i mean we can do that . that would be an extra an extra help . if that helps kelly is ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) you should be aware that no such person will probably be in place for three months . ( r ) well , i 'm working on an intern for that . ( ka ) okay , good good luck . ( r ) informatic . ( ka ) ah yeah . and so ( ? ? ) . so that would start ( ? ? ) somwhere . we have to have somewhere work policeman as part . ( ka ) just a general comment that the quality of interns available . this summer seems to be a better . since a lot of companies are canceling their internships . ( r ) good . ( k ) we cancel our internships , so . ( ? ? ) in the pool somewhere . ( r ) well , i i i ( ? ? ) are part of the ( ? ? ) they do it 2 years master course ( ? ? ) . ( o ) speaking of internships and viruses , we are actually successful of one candidate who remained he . he quarantined himself in ( ? ? ) . when the covid was starting , and even after the quarantine then all the flight were cancelled , and he is working remotely like it is obviously much harder than if he would arrive in person . and we are paying in the through some very strange ways . but . he is he is working in . we are paying . so it is possible . ( ka ) in a run ? ( o ) yeah yeah a ( ? ? ) . yes . so actually we are yeah . i dont want to disclose ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) lets not discuss possible sanctions violations on a recorded call . ( o ) yeah . we have no sanctions at least , the us would have . but not not us . not that i wouldnt know of . ( ka ) i i 've undertaking desperate measures in another project , the higher guy who had work permission in the netherlands , but not the uk , by leading kind of project partner in transferring money to them and all that . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) by the way , like google docs is going crazy for me , and just like i am unable to type or anything on it . so that is interesting . refreshing doesnt seem that to help . ( r ) i see there is 16 viewers on it . things up . ( o ) thats general not a problem . ( mat ) my internet , my internet is stalling quite a bit . ( ka ) on particularly having trouble with google docs other sites are loading fine so . maybe our shard is having difficulty or something . um . but . in any event to summarize that theres a june 5th deadline for translate own content experience design of what it looks like . workflow every click . ( mat ) okay . and will we be we 'll be talking with kelly for that . and get that going for this week . and it would be more more an outline kind of kind of situation with some images something . definitely , that is mozilla can . ( ? ? ) can have as the concrete item . rather than the final product . ( r ) we sti- storyboard te the journey as far as you come up and walk through it . as as ( ? ? ) . right . ( mat ) hello ? ( ka ) yep . ( r ) yep . ( mat ) oh okay , good . okay then . ( ka ) yeah google 's going really crazy for me . browser . integration stuff . um . have we provided mozilla with anything yet roman . on building students . ( ro ) no , not yet . ( k ) sort of a pre work on that in case you can use some teachers that are existed . i trade up all the ( ? ? ) examples , so like the basic romania english ( ? ? ) english ( ? ? ) english german , ( ? ? ) 2017 transformer around in . english german and wmt 2000 edinburgh german english . models , so these are all trained up and could be used as teachers if we need to . ( ro ) could you repeat how old are these models ? ( ka ) well , ( ? ? ) examples roman . ( k ) ( ? ? ) on our cluster ( ? ? ) so like if we can use it ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) i think i will still deliver that ( ? ? ) and then we will think about the feature part . because training the feature is , its not that easy its not ( ? ? ) across multiple languages . and i think ( ? ? ) other question . shall we actually , giving mozilla lesson how train a proper feature ? probably its out of the ( ? ? ) right ? ( ka ) well . okay , the they should definitely know how , we have deliverable , by the end of this month . of having ( ? ? ) building on the mozilla cluster . i. we should have the ability to build students . i recognize that building teachers is effectively the general build mt systems problem . which is a more difficult one . i think we should be reproducing an mt system there at minimum . we we have like a edin- one of the examples is an edinburgh wmt something or rather ( ? ? ) system there . more broadly . ( ro ) its not a complete example . it assumes how big already preffered more less . so thats a difference . so i think what we can eas- what what its easier to deliver to just to have a baseline for training at at at script or training the baseline feature . i mean ( ? ? ) big model . which should ( ? ? ) languages we already have , because some other languages i am not sure about quality of data . and this is what i started preparing . ( ka ) i mean i think you should share the scripts retraining a student sooner rather than later , because only needs it . for the stacked thing . and . ( ro ) yes of course . ( ka ) its something we should get running at mozilla , anyway , and then we can switcheroo the teacher . ( o ) in other things as well . so we would happy to see them . we would like to see them for for other things ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) more to the point the general mt training problem is hopefully something that a lot of people on this call are familiar with . whereas the teacher student training scenario is the more obscure one . so i i , we should get the teacher student stuff , shared and we can bootstrapped that with the marian example and then ( ? ? ) training the teacher later or . they can start from facebook 's german system as well for that matter . which is open source . more to the point , we seem to be stumbling into the maybe the problem of having a bunch of mt systems that are good and ideally open source and shared . and i 've been . thinking about this . the the african ( ? ? ) initiative actually has in principle a nice model for it , where there is actually systems up there and github repository and its revised over time by community . they can sort of get away with that for african languages . because the amount of training data is small . so it doesnt actually take that long to train these systems . and my voice seems to be disappearing , but . but we seem to be stumbling upon a open source model comments as it were . and i do not think bergamot is meant to do ( ? ? ) version of that . but it is also something to consider as a larger thing the mt community should be doing , and i 've actually been talking to the barcelona ( ? ? ) centre about building a reproducable mt thing . people submit singularity containers , which is like doctor , but without brute . and then they are rebuilt at the parcel under supercomputing center on gpu 's there and then there is a like a wmt track . except it has an ( ? ? ) that says this system we we have the additional constrained but also reproducable track . ( o ) um-hum . yep , that sound great . if it ever worked . ( ka ) i may be sprouding nonsense or aspirations that wont ever actually be met . but inprinciple , i think it should be the case that people submitting wmt style models are at least optionally , upload in their systems in a way that a sufficiently skill translation person could drop by and change the training data or even change the language underneath them . obviously they were always be data specific cleaning things . and there are also be model parameters that differ by the spice of the training data , um , but that shouldnt prevent someone from being able to just go to this online dashboard of blue scores , and download whatever the best spanish english system is today . and use that for trading the student . which , follows what kelly has been doing with the deep speech initiative for ( ? ? ) . you have these models and recipes around . and there is this notion of revising them over time . ( k ) and thats ( ? ? ) something similar the next couple of months basically create ( ? ? ) repositary that essentially is a central . you can think of some model index , like people can . upload their models wherever they want ( ? ? ) . okay this ( ? ? ) for this version that deep speech is downloaded from here , and this is the daily use of ( ? ? ) license that blah blah blah things like that . ( ka ) i think its a necessary thing for them to community and . we might basically stumble into that . but with the only contributors , being ( ? ? ) in the short term . but anywho we have a deliverable by the end of june , that stuff is building at the mozilla cluster . and i think that should include teacher student . it may not include the world 's most perfect models . but thats what we should be aiming for over the course of the project is getting sort of models building at mozilla in reproducible appliance . so theres . their systems . and i think we 'll share everything we did for wmtt recently uh . there is also a point on quality estimation that . i pity ondrej also on another phone call that the quality estimation sh- should be integrated in some way . and i know , we spent most of the last call on quality estimation . um question it . have we looked at how complicated the model actually is and how easy it would be to implement in a cleaner way , without adding a python and ( ? ? ) dependency and everything . ( mar ) yes , we had another discussion on this and . um , ( ? ? ) student models for which we had like strong indication that combination of various ah , indicators from the model ( ? ? ) work and also most important for the multiple languages that we wanted to had ( ? ? ) integration . we dont have data to train to supervised the threshold is set on top of this difference scores we decided to just go with log . meaning that the final final version of whatever its going to be integrated . but we would just work with with edinburgh implementing ( ? ? ) just take this ( ? ? ) and do something with them some ( ? ? ) simple . be quite straightforward the integration itself . would be done within marian . and we really wanted to do now , to have some sort of validation of this of how the log ( ? ? ) but also the other things we 've worked on . like the dropout work for student systems with ( ? ? ) the system integrated . so we wanted to ask um edinburgh to submit or cuni and edinburgh to submit the systems to wmt so we get some annotations from well de annotations . that we can then use to do some proper validation of how our um , unsupervised indicators work . for this particular model so we have the information for stronger models um . but not for weaker student models . um , so so yeah . the short answer is we can we work with very simple integration which will be developed in in within marian . and um , and then what improving this when we have annotations from wmt that will allow us to past whether and which combination of unsupervised indicators that we can get from marian work . as quite predictors . ( o ) this goes back to the or or this is relevant for the language directions that the students will be trained for . so i would like to ask michal , to double check that the directions that martin is supplying roman is scaling down with the student models and submitting to wmt . are the good ones as the qe need for the for the data for the da data to be collected for . ( mar ) yeah , and i think i think we i remember can ( ? ? ) . so we need the annotations for our models , the models that will be integrated . so its the same sort of things that we need so whichever models whichever language . ( ka ) do you need it for a lot of languages ? or its cause we were only planning to do czech for wmt . ( mar ) ( ? ? ) if we want to have any supervised models ever like integrated fully at mozilla . if its for all of the languages then we would need some da annotations for all of the languages . its fine to integrate a subset of languages and then we would just show that the sort of general ( ? ? ) then we could just accept that we will integrate . but it depends on ( ? ? ) in terms of integration ( ? ? ) models everything translation qe ( ? ? ) for all of the languages . then then yes . ( l ) well sorry , sorry , just just say that i mean not only for training supervised models even just for making sure that even if we dont have supervision . we need to have a way of evaluating thats what we are doing actually works . and so probably having at least a couple of language pairs , like more than once , maybe not all of them . but just say that , okay if it works on couple of language is probably it will work or on on the other ones . ( mar ) ( ? ? ) . because not all of them are wmt languages . but they ( ? ? ) wmt i think ( ? ? ) . to have a submission that we are going to ( ? ? ) evaluation . and if needed to be we can submit them as sheffield if you guys have other systems that you want have as primary systems for human evaluation . ( ka ) human evaluation capacity . so ( ? ? ) we . edinburgh people are primarily concentrating on ( ? ? ) right now , which is a really . to the bergamot context . so it is it is . it is more the that we dont have wmt systems , lying around for a whole bunch of languages . ( mar ) i know but we dont want ( ? ? ) the student ones . ( ? ? ) will be integrated . ( ka ) well we want . in order to have a student we want to have it strong teacher . ( mar ) but let me ( ? ? ) in different way , so we will have some systems integrated for this deliverable . so which languages are we gon na have integrated for this deliverable . some models . ( ka ) we have estonian english to german . i think we are also spanish lying around . ( mar ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) yeah they hasnt been for a while . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) wmt this year . from the student we already have . ( mar ) english germam . ( ka ) then apparently we will have our choice of czech english or english czech possibly both . if we try hard enough . i 'm not opposed to collecting additional direct assessment data . its just going to require a fair amount of effort . and any effort we undertake . can 't be half fast , because we have yvette watching us . ( l ) i lost you guys for a few seconds so i i still dont know which languages will be integrated . so is it just english german and is it . ( ka ) english to german , estonian both directions , spanish both directions . ( l ) estonian is not wmt okay . so czech both directions . ( ka ) hopefully . and english to german based on the wmt 19 condition . ( l ) okay so this would be three models that we could get the annotations ( ? ? ) which yeah . this just would . ( mat ) for the bergamot , is it not the case that we need post directions of any pairs of languages . ( ka ) it is the case that . yes , eventually , we will need both directions for all of the languages that we promised in the grant agreement , which is a larger set than the ones on the list it . i 'm just telling you what you what we have right now . so yes , there will need to be a german to english system . ( l ) but in any case , when you look wmt , if we if we ( ? ? ) we can collect wmt annotations . then its only german and czech that our project language is ( ? ? ) . so in other words , if we want it to maximize this , we would . only need to build german english model . if thats possible . ( ka ) its worked . ah , so german , french , spanish , polish , czech and estonian , of those . ( l ) ( ? ? ) . wmt language . ( ka ) polish is a wmt language . however i dont i 'm not aware of anyone having a polish system that they 've built recently and believe in the quality strongly . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) build the polish english system . ( ka ) allright . ( ro ) now let me just double check . ( ka ) i think he did mention there is a polish system in there . ( ro ) yes , he mentioned czech in both directions and polish in both directions . ( ka ) czech people , how much do you believe in your polish system . probably you dont know since you are martin ( ? ? ) . well and i guess there hasnt been any historical competition in polish . ( z ) im not sure ( ? ? ) . or to really ( ? ? ) before . ( ka ) i mean we were provided with a link to one . ( z ) okay . ( o ) that was discussed on the previous martin popel is training the english czech systems in both directions and he provided the link . so its . ( mar ) ( ? ? ) all marian systems or something else . ( ka ) no , but it doesnt matter because we are talking about teachers . and we use a teacher from tensor to tensor to train a student in marian . ( mar ) okay , this student will be marian . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) yes that is the idea is i ( ? ? ) to provide the teacher to students scripts and totally adapts them run with tensor to tensor . right ok . we should . we 've got nine minutes to move on . we will predominantly aim for czech and polish would be a goal for submit anything . given the wmt extension . i hope that sounds reasonable . windows support . i think windows support is fairly important , because . all the eu people are running windows . it is not clear to me , ah , whether they 'd be allowed to install a random projects , development software onto an eu machine . but . i also think its a. it will cr- have more impact on our valuators and such if we can provide a windows demo . so i think we can mostly compile marian ( ? ? ) on windows and . few fixes for ( ? ? ) . next opinion , would probably be the we can simply throw out a bit jam . ( ro ) when we make into german ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) it doesnt even okay . it it should be an master which is another . ( ro ) the thing ( ? ? ) will not work on avx 1 hardware and below . so all machines will just . ( ka ) sure . i i get that . so lets . it doesnt have to be in master though . ( ro ) i know that that ( ? ? ) so i this is what i did towards the compilation on windows . i dont know what mozilla did so . ( k ) at this point i 'm gon na have ( ? ? ) checked the build ( ? ? ) for windows where very old , i dont have a windows machine i have access to windows machine on our test cluster . which is basically ( ? ? ) so . so debugging stuff on ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) wait till there is an updated beta build marian on windows that i proceed from there . which would save me probably lots of time . if i 'm being completely honest . ( ka ) okay , when we say not yet with ( ? ? ) . that just means we can turn off ( ? ? ) right . and ( ? ? ) command line . yeah ? ( ro ) yeah , yeah , the course , we can run cpu with students model without ( ? ? ) . and there is an why i havent tried with ( ? ? ) is just ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . doable i guess . ( ka ) its more important to get the teacher student stuff out . um , but i am going to interpret this as mozilla should be able too build marian master possibly with pas- the use of ( ? ? ) . and you should try that the it may very well work , at least according to roman . ( ro ) um , yes but not with , without that minor changes in the public marian , they are not the ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) wait . ( ? ? ) this requires minor fixes to get ( ? ? ) to work . or this requires minor fixes to get marian dev without ( ? ? ) to work on windows . ( ro ) you get , it compile on windows it required minor changes . which i did not push to the repositary . ( ? ? ) is another thing . ( ka ) right okay . do you have a patch you can share ? ( ro ) no , simple answer no . ( z ) i was at certain point i was looking at the fb jam there were a bunch of fixes that were titled getting compilation on windows to work . so it might be that your patches are no longer necessary . ( ka ) i thought we just ( ? ? ) that the minor fixes were not related to fb jam . ( z ) they were fb jam related commits . ( ka ) they are fb jam related compilation is just , but we apparently the coma in here means that there are also compilations issues unrelated to fb jam . ( z ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) which is worse . right okay . ( ro ) my plan is to commit , ( ? ? ) with this changes and following with . ( ka ) so . lets move on linux integration we dont have much time . the estonian models ( ? ? ) and a spanish models have been available for a while , so i guess the question is do we have a nicely package thing that . how much movement is there been at mozilla towards a nicely packaged system that runs these on the same machine . ( k ) ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) not super worried about but i havent worked ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) i guess thats for the new person as well . ( k ) yeah , actually wouldnt be a bad thing ( ? ? ) kind of a. yeah actually ( ? ? ) nice test honestly . ( ? ? ) this weekend is writing up ( ? ? ) next week . ( ka ) good luck . because i i think there will be an expectation that the translation future might be ugly and have some rough fetches . but it should be working in the way that more people than us can demonstrate . ( k ) okay . okay . ( z ) i mean , the the question also is to be ( ? ? ) do we want to stick with with with the htdp service setup ( ? ? ) what mozilla calls calls it coaplication . with the native interface . ( k ) i mean , my thought just in the effort in the in the in regards sort of efficiency and getting stuff done quickly . speak with ( ? ? ) or ( ? ? ) for whatever reason now to make that quick . then get up quickly up and running . but i mean if ( ? ? ) sort of done that works with htp instead of something that maybe wont work . that ( ? ? ) at once . that be my sort of lets say vote for that . ( z ) my , part of my ( ? ? ) is like i know that i know the htb server compiles on linux and works . but i dont know if it compiles on windows and works . ( k ) yeah , that i dont know i mean . ( z ) the question from the from the from the user side . how like from the user side who start up the htdp server . ( ka ) in my opinion mozilla 's responsibility to get something that is running the translation execute being in a nice , convenient way . and that includes starting this server as sort of ( ? ? ) came in . ( k ) yeah , i mean it seems reasonable , i think it is a reasonable request and is our responsibility , so agree . ( ka ) and we might have zoom like security for laws in the short term in that arbitrary web page , his consent translation requests . but i think thats okay , for a minimum viable product demo service thing . and something mozilla will have to fix in a longer term . ah , so at the end of the hour in fact , i heard a bell in the background of someone that i then made it . we did staffer inefficiency task . yey . papers are now up by the way . and thats where the english to german student came from . your deliverables are due to the end of june . and we should really start writing these deliverables and sharing them and reviewing them . ( o ) internal day for for the before the internal review . in elitr we have june 8th . so ideally the the deliverable should reach the reviewer by june 8th . and then there would be a week of extra time , and we got the review , and then final week for a incorporation of the commons by the intern reviewer . so that is why we have june the 8th . ( ka ) when you are saying june the 8th does that mean you dont want us to occupy june the 8th then ? ( o ) actually no , i think its reasonable to have it around that date . and what is most important is that every deliverable should have an internal reviewer chosen , so that he knows who should he getting the pf from . and . ( ka ) how about we make it staggered a bit . june . june 10th or 11th or something , everyone has a draft the deliverables in before that call . ( o ) yep yep yeah . and it should be like full text so that the reviewer will have enought to comment not just the structure it should be like almost the full thing . ( z ) i 've just posted a link to github wiki page with the deliverables . that actually has a so so people should be able to edit that , put in the link to where they overleaf or whatever . this also column for the internal reviewer that should be filled at some point . ( o ) yaah . ( z ) so this is this is very ( ? ? ) formation . ( ka ) okay . we will see people next week and ( ? ? ) cracking turning the efficiency paper into deliverable . ( o ) yep . so i think that every lack- lead beneficiary . it is too to seek a reviewer and make him sign up as the internal reviewer for their deliverable . so we need the two seeger reviewer for d31 lowering sentence complexity . and similarly other . so mozilla has to find two reviewers for the d62 and d73 if i 'm reading correctly . ( k ) thats great to me . ( ka ) the disseminatino deliverable will be interesting the . integration deliverable i hope will have substantial progress on that happened this month . ( o ) and are there any extra documents like progress reports ? ( ka ) we need an agenda for the review meeting . ( o ) yeah . ( z ) ( ? ? ) management report . at least working on on . intern management report with like ( ? ? ) and things like that . ( ka ) oh yeah we need all the financial stuff totally . um , that i i dont handle the financial stuff . ( z ) but it should be prepared to provide that information , and that might take some ( ? ? ) to get that . ( o ) yeah and also since the review is happening during the two months which we actually have to get these numbers , partner should have atleast preliminary numbers . i know that it would be impossible from our finance department to get final numbers because all the salaries wont be there probably , or its unsure whether they be there by the 23rd of july . but some estimate is very important . ( ka ) yeah i i 'm primarily worried about mozilla because the finance handling stuff is always been fun there . ( k ) actually for this ( ? ? ) have it all in , its all done . ( o ) yeah okay great . i 'm sorry i 'll have to leave because someone 's waiting for me already . thanks . do we another call again ? ( ka ) another call next week . ( o ) okay , yeah thank you , bye . ( mat ) bye . ( t ) bye . ( mat ) bye bye . ( o ) as i said i was leaving and everybody said bye bye . sorry . so there really bye from me . bye bye .", "tgt": "ui design looks perfect in every way for review . having troubles with google docs . trained up models - romanian english , english german , wmt 2000 edinburgh german english . kelly has been doing deep speech initiative . estonian is not wmt system . deliverable at the end of june . june 5th - deadline for translate own content ."}
{"src": "( ka ) do so well . so we have bad wmt system with human judgements . or we have an effort to build a better wmt system , but it wont have human judgement , because it wasnt evaluated by humans in wmt . ( l ) ( ? ? ) bad system , its a ( kd ) ( ? ? ) ( l ) we actually couldnt get what you said , can you repat it please ? ( ka ) okay , someone , i think fred has background noise . yeah , okay . ( f ) i 'm muted , i 'm muted so . ( t ) okay , i 'm going , bye bye . ( kd ) okay , i said , i said like for quality estimation might be actually useful to have a system thats not top of , top notch , because that actually gives you things where you can detect things for quality isnt good . ( l ) yes , so , if i if i could have that , it would be would be . ( la ) it would also be good if you still have it to have it from last year , because i dont know how long its gon na take this to get the da from ondrej and ( ? ? ) they normally take a while to make it , to package it and make it available . so from last year we know we have it . so if you still have models that will be great , if not we just take whatever you have this year , i 'm sure ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so , this is a question we might have to answer offline , but ( ? ? ) to me ( ? ? ) model . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) ( ka ) model 1 . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) ( ka ) and its ( ? ? ) . and we 're happy to say ( ? ? ) . the human judgements you already have from wmt directly i believe . ( kb ) but this is ( ? ? ) ( ka ) does it mind , does it matter if its into german ? ( l ) it doesnt . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) okay . ( f ) i would say its better if its covers one of the languages ( ? ? ) bergamot so it be something completely unrelated that that . i mean , if its like into german ( ? ? ) into one of the languages that we have ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) problem that . ( ? ? ) submitted to wmt and has human judgements from wmt , is never going to be the system that actually runs , because the wmt system is almost by definition slow and optimized for quality at any cost . ( l ) yeah , but , but its fine because . experiment is to see how ( ? ? ) with da which we already know they do quite well . and then see if improving model calibration we get better calibration with human judgments . and if we see this is the case . then we can use this technique on the cool fast models that we will have for the project . ( ka ) okay . ( r ) ( ? ? ) distribution of all the numbers anyway . so yeah , shouldnt matter . ( ka ) you are comfortable with transforming another system in which case . yeah , we , we can easily get out of the margin at at minimum , but ( ? ? ) low scores . for the system ( ? ? ) . ( l ) yes , yes , that would be , this would be good . well . i guess i need to fam- familiarize myself with the with the gold and the system and the yeah . so i guess so you have documentation i can just download to try to run , and , i havent done that yet . but i was planning to to try . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) ( ? ? ) marian the documentation for how to run it as a user is okay . and there is examples and stuff , the documentation for edit inside of it is lacking . ( l ) i mean , its fine i can look into it . it shouldnt be very difficult to get the right probabilities , because its something ( ? ? ) is just . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) probabilities , but you probably knew how to run it . okay . i 'm annoyed that ( ? ? ) is not here , but . we 've sort of covered point 4 , which is the mt systems in unification efforts . we 're going to be building a. we will get you the talking level scores for a couple wmt systems and you already have the human judgements and then in parallel we 're going to build a good german system . probably german english . i think thats going to be the most useful one for evaluating ui stuff , because we are like to have english speaking participants speaking here , rather than german speaking participants , and that one will be designed to actually be a close approximation to run fast . so a goo- startin with the good system and then teachers student ( ? ? ) and all that . something that runs in on consumer grade cpu . ( kc ) i have a question there regarding the the user , because an english user getting translated sentences from german would be using their own judgement where ( ? ? ) reading in english ( ? ? ) being expert english users . they are going to be . they are going to be having their own opinion about . whats what every reading as it translated text . ( kc ) what do you mean expert in this case . being an english speaker reading english texts . they are going to be expert english , they are going to be reading english , and they are going to know thats thats , thats a good sense , ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) able to make the judgement and i think that . ( ka ) so so the ( ? ? ) neuro machine translation is is ( ? ? ) sentences that have nothing to do with the input . and thats what all the estimation is useful for . that that in the proposal it actually says how people have already done stuff ( ? ? ) . people rely on fluency to judge whether a translation is good or not . but in their own machine translation thats problem . and thats why we were planning to show quality estimations ( ? ? ) to people . ( r ) yes , i think part of it is to how to ( ? ? ) that to the user , because most native speakers will conflate both syntax and semantics and so on , and just look at it , is it good or bad sentence . so its way of informing people that what you are testing is more to do with a ( ? ? ) content . ( ka ) for better words this is this is the user interface question . ( r ) yeah , that thats why ( ? ? ) though . so its like combining thing at the end . that will actually be in important . ( ka ) it could be the interface is ( ? ? ) this particular sentence has low confidence . and only looking at the stuff that has low quality estimation score ( ? ? ) . ( la ) yeah , i think this is something we still have to . i mean this is part of the project ( ? ? ) find out how we gon na show this for . so i mean i think we have to dissemine super simple , like its a binary thing like highlighting like why you have on whatever text editor the underline . ( ? ? ) . ( l ) just like indicating highlighting the sentences or part of the sentences that the user should not trust . this it the i think the main contribution ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) so i will point out that i end up september your primary job is to ( ? ? ) initial user interface for translation , which does include quality estimation . ( kd ) which i have another question on that , because i 've played around ( ? ? ) got onto getting google translate working , and ( ? ? ) little bit of the addons that we can ( ? ? ) . given that firefox who already has assistant for doing translation of entire webpage already included , what , what is it , so i imagine ( ? ? ) . to move to standard base stand something external to the actual code in firefox . so you want this to be , an addon . the actual user interface will be ( ? ? ) external to the actual firefox code is that correct ? ( k ) yeah . thats correct , i mean i do not know ( ? ? ) . probably when playing their project we decided to do that . just because i think we didnt want ourselves to be ( ? ? ) firefox release schedules and firefox pr reviews and things like this so , that the logic behind doing that . but isnt the bad logic ( ? ? ) on firefox ( ? ? ) . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) addons . so what would make this one different . why would people choose this one . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) does it on the client . ( kc ) its a . essentially would do what google translator ( ? ? ) right now , but as an addon should we . ( ka ) as addon that runs clients side . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) clients side . ( ka ) yeah , this story is privacy and ( ? ? ) users ( ? ? ) like that . where ( ? ? ) translate . ( kc ) i was thinking more of user interface part . ( ka ) okay , yeah yeah . honestly i think part of your job might be installing 100 extensions . there is also egg timer extension that it does nothing but tell you when your eggs are ready . and probably sells your data to some third party at the same time , but . ( kc ) so , in the major way . what we make our project different from the rest is the quality estimation thats online . ( ka ) there is a few things , so one it runs ( ? ? ) two it does quality estimation shows that to you in some way that you are to determine . and three it does the round trip translation thing that charles university ( ? ? ) here for . in theory , the estonians are also ( ? ? ) domain adaptation and ( ? ? ) to adapt to the domain ( ? ? ) . ( r ) but but the client sites thing is effectively invisible as far as any user interface is concerned . thats the idea for actually somebody sees , that part is actually relevant as far as it as far as seeing , you know , and interacting with it . and there ( ka ) there is some relevance there . ( ? ? ) multiple servers like the normal translation service would . and therefore , there is some order into the sentences that are being translated . ( r ) right , okay , yeah i can see . ( ka ) so . ( r ) so it will affect . ( ka ) you also have . ( r ) ( ? ? ) see that . ( ka ) you also have a task and the graph that relates to users tolerance of latency . ( r ) yes . but again , that was going to be tested . as a sort of theoretical model as in not running for real . but its its just that we really . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah , exactly , yeah . yeah , that is that is what i meant . ( ka ) okay , i 'm also ( ? ? ) this as you might want to read maybe not all of the ground , but at least the motivational ( ? ? ) . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) precisely have ( ? ? ) looking at ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) okay . so , right , there is . we have done a lot of point forward . i guess moving back to point three . theres the dissemination plan and the data management plan that i intend to be submitting today there technically the one sunday . and there is the list of conferences that people want to attend , or guess that they might attend . ah , and ( ? ? ) is not on here so i think i can ( ? ? ) them about that . but , there is also some dissemination matrix on page 9 this dissemination plan . and i 'm wondering about ( ? ? ) we want to be promising those . yes . so . ( ? ? ) are we tracking unique visitors to the website for instance . ( k ) i do have google analytics ( ? ? ) i should be able to get that . ( ? ? ) but . ( ka ) you have google analytics i suppose that means we also need a cookie policy thing . ten plus news releases is the dominantly going to fall on you kelly so that is the question for you whether you ideally you can beat that . 20 events presented at , i mean if we are including conferences thats actually quite ( ? ? ) over 3 years . i dont know about 100k distributions / downloads i also find it interesting that we have a 100k downloads ( ? ? ) is that out of promotional material or of the stuff . ( k ) ( ? ? ) code plus model something like that , i mean i guess ( ? ? ) number why put it out cause i guess we just hit 100k with our speech recognition engine of downloads of our model and it has been running for about 3 years . so , thats about the number , where that number came from . ( ka ) okay . yeah . ( kd ) i think the point running , ( ? ? ) basically gon na release the final ( ? ? ) towards the end of the project . and by that time ( ? ? ) number of downloads because that really just ( ? ? ) start kicking off . ( k ) yeah , i mean we havent release even the one ( ? ? ) software for example . like we release models , ( ? ? ) models ( ? ? ) its like version 6.06 something this . so but that the question like how do you ( ? ? ) everybody released ( ? ? ) . that doesnt make any sense . but i think ( ? ? ) in total of all sort of summit integrating more less overtime , if you think that way . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) principle is we didnt commit to these numbers ( ? ? ) agreement and if we put ( ? ? ) numbers and then . then ( ? ? ) later . that sound good , if we put higher numbers than ( ? ? ) then its ( ? ? ) promised to a do . ( k ) i 'm fine with putting ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) one million users ( ? ? ) ( k ) how , what do you want to think . there , 100k , i dunno . ( ka ) i mean . ( k ) ( ? ? ) download the thing . ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) how many users does one of these translation addons have . ( k ) i think probably thats maybe not the ( ? ? ) is a guide but i 'm just like ( ? ? ) prr we can kind of promote it more instead of random extension . ( ka ) sure ( ? ? ) . ( k ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) dont get me wrong . ( r ) also as we are wanting to do some sort of ( ? ? ) testing getting back the more we can appreciate then get these users the better as far getting something back from them is concerned . ( k ) let me do . out of 50k downloads distri- downloads of distributions out the 100k users . ( ka ) okay , and then i 'd rather be in the state of reporting to the eu that we ( ? ? ) matrix away . ( k ) yeah . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) useful ones to begin with . ( ? ? ) ( k ) okay , ( ? ? ) . ( kd ) i mean specially considering ( ? ? ) at the end of period ( ? ? ) expecting low numbers ( ? ? ) expect them to grow out . ( ka ) well , i dont . okay , we might not ( ? ? ) we are not going to have all the languages in the first year or something . but i , we should be launching something we are not going to just the system ( ? ? ) mt are not going to launch everything wonderful at the end of the project . we can have something without quality or without ( ? ? ) translation and still have a viable product . yeah . ( r ) ( ? ? ) or we could just employ an army of bot to boost the numbers . ( ka ) you realize this is being recorded . ( k ) but i mean just one thing also this is the first dissemination plan ( ? ? ) i dunno how much ( ? ? ) to set in stone ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) change the vision . ( ? ? ) numbers . ( ka ) this is not a contract . if this document said mc denmark aps instead of dmbh ( ? ? ) bothered by that . it is something that the reviewers will look at . ( k ) yeah , fair enough so . ( ka ) yeah , the reviewers , when you get a reviewer a number thats something more obductive that they can create a ( ? ? ) code quality or something . is more fuzzy . i want to avoid the ( ? ? ) asking for the live cd ( ? ? ) . which happened . the asking did happen the cd did not , and that was a problem . so okay , the moving on there is these target conferences and events . and right now we have ( ? ? ) from i put more people on the acl thing ( ? ? ) . probably sort this by date . i put ( ? ? ) also coming to acl . ideally we would have . here its almost ( ? ? ) speculation . right the . we dont know what conference is are papers going to get into to ( ? ? ) . at least to appear on some of these . i added them to acl . they put it into ( ? ? ) . but i assume they are ( ? ? ) probably not ( ? ? ) . but i 'm gon na assume ( ? ? ) is is going to the conference on machine translation because they always there . i 'm also gon na assume that charles university is there . by the way i 'm just trying to order these in the same way that their partners ( ? ? ) if i remember correctly its ui then cuni , sheffield ( ? ? ) . subtle thing that probably doesnt matter all that much . but kelly if you can guess whether you are going to be at conference . or alternatively at some mozilla themed conferences that are maybe not academic ones . that you could possibly had in two years a- and that would be a good thing . but i do not think we are going to get ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) exactly the conference in 2021 that we guess we might go to . is there anything ( ? ? ) from data management plan . ( kd ) ( ? ? ) asking everybody to kind of double check that they ( ? ? ) document this correct . since i didnt hear back i assume that happened . and theres one more point we ( ? ? ) need to clarify ( ? ? ) write email to get that done . and then i will handle it over to ( ? ? ) . unless somebody has an issues ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) great , moving on . reports on upcoming deliverables , thank you kelly for taking of the dissemination plan . now , the question is the firefox , extension which is ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) yeah , so i guess my first question would be , do we have the existing mozilla code but probably what turns out to be not that hard of ( ? ? ) . somewhere burried in the code , ( ? ? ) api ( ? ? ) to not be google translated . ( k ) yeah , i mean ( ? ? ) has it running already people translates so my assumption is that it would be hard to actually change it to ( ? ? ) formalism ( ? ? ) not gon na be that hard i guess . ( ka ) but , should be clear that is mozilla responsibility for integration . ( k ) yeah , yeah , ( ? ? ) . i mean i could i could stop you from doing it , but i dont think that would be useful . no , you cant do this . but i dont think that was really the best use of my time . ( kc ) the idea of it running as within mozilla . as the post to addon . or is that mozilla code something that you can expose as an addon . ( k ) no i mean currently i guess the first integration ( ? ? ) we are running an addon as in the first integration we 're planning on using the ( ? ? ) code and then having the exsiting code with some minor changes like to talk to an back end thats already up . that was my plan in my head how to do it . ( ? ? ) easiest way to get some quick integration . ( kc ) so in that sense the actual code is going to be coming from mozilla the addon code is going to be coming from mozilla . ( ? ? ) bits of it to see how the quality estimation and the rest to be added in . but then mozilla will be integrating all of that . ( ka ) i mean put another way , my ( ? ? ) is doing ( ? ? ) they just paid a small for google translate or whatever . he can test it . ( kc ) i am testing it . ( ka ) so . now that he can test it on users , its kind of back to mozilla to ( ? ? ) anywhere beyond ( ? ? ) is necessary for ui . ( k ) yeah , i agree but that isnt really necessarily under first integration the first integration is ( ? ? ) is basically getting the current back in that you have hooked up to the ( ? ? ) code that has , is supossed ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) that is that is correct , so i i am , all wanted to do is change that mozilla code that talks to google translate to talk to the marian server . and thats not a blocker for the ui people anymore , which is useful for project management and paralysation . ( ? ? ) bounces back to mozilla because its not necessary for the ui people that do ( ? ? ) . so i guess they are not going to do it . ( k ) yeah , i agree , i didnt expect ( ? ? ) so . ( ka ) okay . so you will have that done by the end of september . ( k ) yeah , it shouldnt be hard , just need time . that more of a question the difficulty ( ? ? ) think their problem . ( ka ) i mean i guess put another way to the extend that we 've already gone ( ? ? ) 6 months with mc denmark apis as the company rather than mc denmark dmbh . adding the few weeks to that is not probably going to cause horrible damage , though i understand you need ( ? ? ) . ( k ) yeah , yeah , thats a the biggest annoying thing about the aps vs ( ? ? ) the ( ? ? ) has to wait until that . is actually . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) candidates . ( k ) yeah , definitely a ton to get it but i cant really go further until we decide like where to actually get hired . ( ? ? ) isnt the problem , ( ? ? ) like 100 people that are already applied or so . thats not the problem ( ? ? ) now . ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) well okay , if if someone that are good in translation but bad at javascript i 'm sure the other parties will be happy to hire them . hiring the machine translation is hard . ( k ) ( ? ? ) amazon ( ? ? ) . theres people like wanted to leave and come to us so , i 'm surprised but pleasantly surprised but now i 'm just the aps ( ? ? ) thing is unfortunate . ( ka ) i can actually ( ? ? ) good people are from the amazon ( ? ? ) . we 'll do that when its not recording . ( k ) yes . ( ka ) yeah , okay . so the , the conclusion on that is that kelly / ( ? ? ) he can be allowed to hire and i will try him push through this company change thing . will change the firefox integrated translation code the top to the marian server thing and you have the specification of the protocol and the form of a python client . ( k ) yeah , yeah . ( ka ) and its super necessary we can probably change the protocol of the server but i 'd suspect it the browsers , the one thing browsers are good at is changing xml formats and other xml formats . right , so user interface of the ( ? ? ) / robin some of that blend together . i dunno if you have anything to say independent to that . ( kc ) robin do you have anything right now . ( r ) i was wondering do you want to so briefly mention the your plans that we discussed yesterday , as far as the directions and so on . ( kc ) okay . ( r ) or i dont know whether everybody needs to know that yet or its worth ( ? ? ) . ( kc ) sure , ( ? ? ) thing in the project specification document is asking finding out what users want . so one of the first things that we were talking about with robin yesterday was ( ? ? ) questionaire to be running over the ( ? ? ) gathering data about data what users would like and the translation machine , machine translation user interface . um , so obviously demographics , and we are all by lingual one way or another but maybe monolingual was respect the specific language . so part of the questionaire would be by lingualism of the people obviously education a profession and past experience is and . i think one of the big questions when i got to sheffield thank you lucy and ( ? ? ) , when i got to sentences i saw that they were very very specific on domain specific kinds of text , which in many ways you dont really need to read like pros . when you are reading that kind you are very much looking for keywords and connectives and logic . so the whole process for example reading highly specific text , the main specific text is very different than for example reading the main general newspaper text for example . so in many ways some of the question on this questionaire is whos going to be reading this and for what purpose it is are they going to be wanting to do their translation . ( la ) thats a very good point , i mean this happens to be a feature of the data that we sent recently , because this ( ? ? ) most recent an empty data that with annotations at different levels . but i think we should ( ? ? ) i mean this was just to show you like what kind of annotations we have but for the actual study with the users i think we need to reaccess it . and and you dont i suppose you dont need a lot of data so if we need to reannotate ( ? ? ) . collection of more , ( ? ? ) whatever type of text . ( l ) i dont know new ( ? ? ) type of text tun the the experiment . then we can do it so that they do not ( ? ? ) will be a particularly when you may be . ( ? ? ) should use . and then we can ( ? ? ) . ( kc ) uh , the next part , ( ? ? ) we using ( ? ? ) and looking as specific different ways of showing quality estimation to users . ( ? ? ) how do ( ? ? ) interact in ways , showing ( ? ? ) quality estimation to them about the ( ? ? ) translation . ( l ) i think ( ? ? ) question . i mean ( ? ? ) we we can . we can have ( ? ? ) work . and there tried by no means ( ? ? ) ( kc ) for example , the google translates , thath , uh , uh , mashine , ( ? ? ) titles for the graphics and the images and ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) cause where he is now a days on me to ( ? ? ) context and imagery . so by ( ? ? ) on more colour for example , one ( ? ? ) . people are looking at very colourful webpage and so on . so , um . and this is a question that i thing ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ok next point which , is ( ? ? ) on the translations software with initial cpu / . ( ? ? ) but anyway , the interestingly enough , ( ? ? ) software engineer , and though he is not officially part of the project . uh . he is quite good . and i have had him optimising a lot of the code . so , we had an integer version of this simplefied simple ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) we are going to use this speech evaluation , and . our line is august 26 for that , so which is conveniently before september ( ? ? ) . so we will have actually ( ? ? ) submission of a german i forgot which way it is ( ? ? ) transltions that is optimizing every way we can think of to translate efficiently with this . ( ? ? ) range of tradeoff points will probably have twelve or ( ? ? ) points that we choose from , and , uh , parallel to that i should be implementing four bit ( ? ? ) more of an experimental thing . but there will be a version of ( ? ? ) which goes quite fast , and it will be a massive branch and on august ( ? ? ) afterwards , but this , yeah . this guy from ( ? ? ) threatened to quit . and then they said , '' no , you too good of programmer ( ? ? ) r boxes ( ? ? ) so they sent into . he has to come to us for a year . and they said , '' yes . and be very good ( ? ? ) he is a software engineer . but he is here learning translation from us that is basically what is going on . and at the end of the year , i can 't imagine . this is is a situation will have changed all that much . is he just going to go back to ( ? ? ) no one really knows . but i am encouraging his morality here by ( ? ? ) 4k monitor . and lucia will encourage moral for team by the proper microphone that does not have as much backround noise . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ok ( ? ? ) because , they are not on . that means . i 'm going to talk to the estonians , and i may end up ( ? ? ) talking from us . . ( ? ? ) to understand what is going on with the ( ? ? ) charles university ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) i mean , part of what we were meant to discuss now has been really introduced by marine which introduce ourselves . for the other part in the previous meetings i was mentioning that we ( ? ? ) like doing research on social , learning for quality estimation . so we had some results . we submitted to a human ( ? ? ) . so we are going to . we are waiting to hear from that but , the current trend nine quality estimation . it is a bit like all the other task is to use pre-trained representations of sentence . so we would have to look for a bit , uh approach using the and all the big pre-training , and in order to make the most of the ( ? ? ) . and so the plan for us in september is to report on these two topics , social learning and uh . and so what i have been doing so far . what marianne 's ( ? ? ) to do at the moment . just a ( ? ? ) . you mentioned , you wanted for us . ( ? ? ) report , like to then of two pages , so ( ? ? ) right ? ( ka ) um , the project officer the , put this in a formal thing together , and we are trying to push back . but then honestly ( ? ? ) . we need for ( ? ? ) amendments that mozillas lawyers recomending . so that is why we gave it on nine month review , and he is requested a a , two page of report for , an , any of the work packages , that do not have the deliverable ( ? ? ) nine ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( f ) so you have any uh , any question . we are getting what i just said , or if lucia ( ? ? ) something . ( ka ) there is a comment on an earlier calls . regarding integration . you have had said , this would be done as an ( ? ? ) marathon project ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( f ) so what i remember but ( ? ? ) was not that good day . but what remember is that we say it could be potentially a good project for the ( ? ? ) marathon . and she was sentenced later . we mentioned that we would be able to join the ( ? ? ) marathon . if it was the first week of september . but , um . see ? and so for the , um , for the integration i mean that is part of the the ( ? ? ) two , but the ( ? ? ) . i mean , what ( ? ? ) is going to do now ( ? ? ) doing at the moment . and i mean , some exchange was ( ? ? ) because what the documentation ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) but if we need to put our hand in the code . we needed that documentation . ( ? ? ) that is what mary now is looking at the moment . but again , we are really talk about this earlier . that could be ( ? ? ) iterations . at the beginning of integration between your site in our side . ( ? ? ) ( l ) ( ? ? ) it is not clear that we have this through that has been using this quest . ( ? ? ) one who integrate but ( ? ? ) might get the best integrations , ( ? ? ) unsupervised ideas . . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) integrating ( ? ? ) you know which model is actually going to be running . ( l ) ( ? ? ) decided that ( ? ? ) the second week of september already , or . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) marathon you mean ? ( kb ) ( ? ? ) to 31 . august . ( ka ) that mostly became ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) availability constraints that when students are around or not around . ( kb ) the website is running and the registration will be opened probably this weekend . ( ka ) and we are recruiting speakers . right . i guess , anything else people want ( ? ? ) okay , so acl is , really right after ( ? ? ) . given that , i mean , ( ? ? ) most logical place for this meeting seems to be restaurant . i guess we could try and find some space in ( ? ? ) . no , one responded regarding the ( ? ? ) restaurant recommendations ( ? ? ) . it probably seems overkilled , like renting meeting room at a hotel or something . ( l ) i wonder if we were able to stay at the ( ? ? ) venue ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) restaurants can be quite loud and i guess who really wanted to know what happened . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) i can ask the organizers about that , but we are probably going to want to eat food anyway , at some point . ( l ) they ( ? ? ) be quite a few of us . ( ? ? ) yes , i know someone in florence , i can and her for recommendation . if i know the ( ? ? ) the question boils down to can we get charles university to ( ? ? ) . ( l ) ( ? ? ) and they will come , and they will be ( ? ? ) inside . how many are we ? ( ka ) phonecall . but , uh . okay . ( ? ? ) suspects i think ( ? ? ) ( r ) well , there there are 7 ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) we are three people . ( ? ? ) i suspect , is one person , ( ? ? ) your own problem . i do not know about ( ? ? ) ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) and his three ( ? ? ) is one . and ( ? ? ) was how many ? three . i guess we have total then . nine , ten , thirteen . ( ? ? ) ( l ) ( ? ? ) something . but let maybe after you find out whether we can have an ( ? ? ) room for an hour so that i know the time . ( ka ) i guess the first question is when this ( ? ? ) actually end . and i 'm not sure ( ? ? ) has his schedule yet . ( l ) i think there is still deciding ( ? ? ) whether there is going to be some ( ? ? ) . so i do not think so . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) wmt has a tendency to end whenever the talks actually ends because it does have to be synchronized with other workshops . so there will be some variability , but we can absorb the and ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) among them at all , and then figure out because the way that wmt is organized . well , what i have heard from conference ( ? ? ) their worry about wmt probably be late but they will get it all done . ( ? ? ) possession shares our recruited . ( ? ? ) the coffe brake before the session starts . ok . so i think we are done for now seeing most at wmt . i 'm turning all ( ? ? ) are very in deliverables ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) four ways to her for the ", "tgt": "bad wmt system with human judgements . useful for quality estimation ( system that gives you things where you can detect thing for quality . covered mt systems in unification efforts . project diferentiation thanks to quality estimation thats online . submitted dissemination and data management plan . wanting to do some testing . discussion about questionaire for gathering data about what users would like . going to build good german system ( probably german english ) ."}
{"src": "( ka ) agenda is the review that happened earlier this month , we still dont have official feedback from the eu . i assume they will write something up typical things that we could expect to happen is they might say , this deliverable needs to be revised by the state , or they migh- might comment on some of the work packages , positive and negative . so . but they told us most of whats going to be in their not the specific demand 's obviously . but they said , most of the expectations . and with that i will point out the ui people which was our weakest points in review . ( kb ) hi guys , well here we are , robin . okay , so we are working on is markups of alternative options for the ux to be shown , to make sure that we are covering ( ? ? ) . and . ( ka ) which user experiences are you doing markups for . ( kb ) user experience is for kellys one liner , top of it ( ? ? ) mozilla is one liner on top of the on top of the webpages , and in particular , adressing issue of being able to call up the translation without necessarily having the webpage to look at . so onscreen events request that we can do a translation of piece of text ( ? ? ) without necessarily having the web page thats being translated . so right now , the way things stand , one of the issues is that the ux wont appear ( ? ? ) webpage in a foreign language to trigger it . so thats one thing that needs to be addressed . we need to be able to bring out that user interface . ( ? ? ) the user need to be able to do that without necessarily waiting for our mozilla to show it to them . ( ka ) there is also the installation experience . ( kb ) the installation experience , and the options what options are we going to cover , obviously we want everything is automatic , and and just do it as possible . but we need to provide some alternatives , what languages . the how to show the quality estimation , how much to show for quality estimation is one of the things that we are going to be looking at , how in what way should this be presented to people . ( ka ) what were some of the ideas you had for the quality estimation ? ( kb ) okay , well one of things that came up in the in the conversation the other day was not show the good stuff in fear of they have been a problem that and somehow we say something is good and then it turns out not to be so good the end user is ultimately ( ? ? ) judging this , we do not know who that is , there might be something very ignorant or some be very knowledgeable . what we can do ( ? ? ) this is what we were talking about is flag out text that definitely we fear insecure about . in translation . so we were talking about different ideas of how to do this flagging . so on the one liner ux have something that would be a document why level that would only appear when the translation the quality estimation for the translation goes beyond the certain level of , thats what we were considering once the text appears , there is issue just wearing the text is the problem . so instead of it being a document wide , qe we need to have somehow phrase or word-wise qe estimation in there , are they going to be showing ( ? ? ) . but then again , ( ? ? ) is have the issue of be in not accessibility approved . and so we have to we are looking at different alternatives options of exactly how to show this without putting the end user information of a load mode . ( ka ) when you expect them ( ? ? ) five . ( kb ) well , we are working on them , they will be ready in the next couple of weeks definitely we could ( ? ? ) more images to show and ( ? ? ) around and see what you guys feel as well . ( ka ) action . one to two weeks to markups for translation experience , installation . translation including ( ? ? ) . and then maybe three , two three weeks for quality estimation . the translation experiences . may be three , two three weeks for the quality estimation . ondrej , mute your microphone when you are not talking . ( o ) yeah , so . my my internet connection is very bad . ( ? ? ) delayed . so sorry for that . i do not know why i see you are talking . yeah , so i just wanted to ( ? ? ) i really like the idea of underlying , which is unobtrusive for the mark up . so something like , uh , the the curved line for grammar checker . but this would be a underlying underlying have the bad output quality for individual segments , or even words . so thats one idea that i wanted to to suggest . and another thing is that jindra and and and michal novak are coming to edinburgh . and i would like uh , the the user experience , people to talk with them and discuss back ( ? ? ) . so ther- the alban translation , the user interface and the pilots that we have . lets not discuss any details now , but just to make that comment . ( ka ) okay . so i 'm aware of the date of one visitor , but not the other . can you just type the into the notes there what the dates are ? ( o ) i 'll check with him i dont know myself , uh , i 'll ask . yeah i specifically responded to the ui questions out of charles university that they should coordinate with robin on dates . so if if that hasnt happened that before ranging the traveller thats a problem . yeah . on the a non ui part i was happy to negotiate times . but there is definitely ( ? ? ) ui and i said: `` talk to robin . '' right , user modeling , and target population that also came up in the review . so in the proposal actually , we had a few news , their stories as it were . one of them was the corporate user . one of them was the home user , one of them was the open source person who wants to integrate bergamot and doesnt care about firefox ( ? ? ) but just once the api . obviously some of those . and some of those dont have the line implications like the api but we should at least what ( ? ? ) the proposal and what users we were thinking of and see how that matches against the users you are actually going to test things on . and now i have this point , 3c thats largely a call for the other people to talk and work packages . who should i pick on first ? mark space is there and fred seems to have disappeared . so maybe i 'll pick on mark . ( m ) sorry , i was multitasking . could you repeat the question ? you wanted refund date . i 'm glad i call on you . it was ( ? ? ) related . ( ka ) you are editing the website so we had a review , and i have a bullet points here . and the agenda that . do you have any reaction things you want to say , in response to ( ? ? ) review . ( m ) i only had the question to this question to to . there was something about too many domains , that i didnt . uh , i think that was ( ? ? ) i did not really understand what that meant . but that was the only thing . ( ka ) ok , so . ( m ) maybe too many different kinds of information listed too many to focus on . ( ka ) i vaguely remember that problem being about the like new very little and dimas which kind of makes sense because dimas is manually curated so news is actually hard category for the to do . and the question , i think the questions was around were you ( ? ? ) in terms of domains ( ? ? ) cover . but , yeah sorry these these are rough notes in the sense that i took them while i was . ( m ) sure sure , no besides that i i think on our side there are not very much . ( ka ) okay . ah , i think , well . i will put efficiency in there just to be nice to people . i think the efficiency went allright they seem happy with it . we disclose that a lot of the stuff was actually done by microsoft , and they bought that . so that was good , we we collaborated with partners and huh . oh yeah . and this is recording great . and i guess the next thing we can move on to is fred / sheffield for quality estimation . ( f ) yeah so based on note that i added ( ? ? ) statistic on significants of the ( ? ? ) so we are gon na have a look into that . otherwise i think there were quite i mean , for as it was a intimated report , but we considered as a ( ? ? ) . so yeah , we asked ( ? ? ) promise what you want . so they were lined basically up here with the unsupervised approach , compared to the weekly supervise approaches just based on the first the preliminary comparison so we are still working into that . more of what i have been put for the last few weeks in the toolkit itself in order to have beta models that we would basically use to have a more rate of in comparison between my work , and what mine is doing . so that is for my pot , yes . ( ma ) yeah , sorry guys i just have one comment because one of the important things that ( ? ? ) mentioned , was that the the data that we used for unsupervised experiments , which we actually knew about that that the human data that , the way they were collected . they they are not actually reliable was sentenced evaluation . so we are working on collecting reliable data , human evaluation data . and this is this will be finished during during by the end of november , it should be finished actually . and when we have these data will be able to to do more experiments , comparing the supervised and unsupervised approach so yeah , the important thing about collecting liable ( ? ? ) for evaluating our quality estimation . systems . ( ro ) i also have general comment to older partners that the system we will be using for the marian models . those will be student models would be this one and will be . so if you use any technique is to relying on reranking of ( ? ? ) this will not work . we will be ( ? ? ) . this is also for the domain adaptation staff and probably quality estimation as well . so just keep it in mind please . ( ma ) okay thanks . ( ka ) so ( ? ? ) more general point they carry on what roman said is we should be sharing the estonian model now . and that should allow people to s- s- see what they are going what coming . ( ro ) i prefer models for estonian studens models . ( ? ? ) into english . i will ask probably ( ? ? ) somebody from your university ( ? ? ) alignment , alignment for the ( ? ? ) . kelly pointed out some that this might be useful to . ( ? ? ) hdml tax so i will ask you ( ? ? ) asking to check whether ( ? ? ) actually works . and so yes , i have the models and i can share i will share them so you can test it directly on that model ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) also going back a bit about efficiency . we did have a question from you , but no , but i remember about . whether speed and taxed ( ? ? ) humans vs blue , and and real that processors . ( ? ? ) we should be testing on actual ( ? ? ) not some random server on a ( ? ? ) that . somewhat related point apparently i 'm our primary merrily charge of the speech time for next year . so i will try to not be corrupted ( ? ? ) task . ui ( ? ? ) tolerance and ( ? ? ) . we should tell you what range ( ? ? ) . ( m ) could we ask whoever is typing crantically into their computer to mute the microphone please ? somebody stopped trantically typing into . ( ka ) or they muted the microphone . ( m ) yeah . ( f ) sorry . ( ka ) outbound translation czech people . ( t ) that would be for ondrej . ( o ) well i 'm not aware actually of any complaint from the reviewers . so we 'll just proceed . and i think , i 'm already responding . it just takes seconds until you hear my voice . sorry . so i am not aware of any problems . i just know generals thing there should be more cora- more colaboration between work packages , and we will improve that . and thats thats the the only thing that i remember from from the review . ( ka ) uh , looking at my notes . alexander asked about the users was some effort wasted . i 'm not sure , remember , what that refer to . ( ? ? ) said back , translation can fix problems and under ( ? ? ) . and there is also . you propose in response to that , that you can use the third language or disjoin data for training , and suggesting that we could cut the training data in half or something . ( ? ? ) other half for another back translation system to get around that problem at which point i made . ( ? ? ) didnt commit . because we dont want to be cutting the amount of training data that we are using for the systems . and we dont want to be deploying to empty systems . ( o ) yes , i think that was actually my command , and or my suggestion not from the you , but i 'm not sure . anyway , the third language is surely an option . and that that does not suffer for this problem . so if the user can speak two languages , but not the main target one . uh . we can easily switch that . and the so we should probably run some experiments and user studies also with this three language case , and not just with the two language case . and we should see often the problem of fixing a error in back translation occurs . ( ka ) okay , you can put that in the note . ( ma ) i i 'm sorry , guys , i will , i i just need to leave now . so , i maybe make one must ( ? ? ) concerning the collaboration between partners because because i think there was a comment from their viewers for us aswell , like collaborating with ( ? ? ) packages , so regarding quality estimation we do collaborate closely with ( ? ? ) university but inside quality estimation package ( ? ? ) estimation , we also ( ? ? ) collaborate closely with charles university on outbound translation ( ? ? ) some ideas of how to do source side quality estimation that maybe we should arrange a meeting to discuss at some point soon , and and also well with the ui obviously of how to show quality estimation to the ( ? ? ) also with edinburgh about architecture of the ( ? ? ) systems that will be in production eventually because we are looking into how different ( ? ? ) what informatino we can extract from them for quality estimation . in an unsupervised way , so we will need to know what will be the actual architecture that we will use in in bergamot , so so yeah this is all from my side . ( ka ) okay , we will definitely set in the mt systems out soon and quality estimation ui is what were meant to be working on right now , as well as some catchup . i would say the catchup has to be done sooner than the quality estimation stuff , but then we should ( ? ? ) . thank you for that point . there is . there is also general thing that we should be coordinating better . one of those things is we should probably schedule regular meetings , rather than the irregular meetings . and the next one as lucia suggested . it could be end of november or early december that 29 particularly well it . november the 29th could work or december the 6th . most likely i will have to send paul out , but we could also schedule something . well , i hesitate to schedule something for the end of the month . considering that next month is december . does it make websites schedule regular meeting with the first instance , ( ? ? ) that will not happen . ( m ) then again the beggining of the month will hardly work for january . ( ka ) that is also true . we will try to destroy everyones christmas only once at the end of the project . ( m ) oh only once a year ( ? ? ) . ( f ) well , ( ? ? ) end of year december , so i think one of you will have to review before the submission right , but we we expect to do it ( ? ? ) december 20th the latest . ( ka ) yeah , ( ? ? ) most of the deliverable , ( ? ? ) . ( m ) on the point you maentioned about , so . ( ? ? ) the calls i wanted also to comment on the collaboration things , ( ? ? ) and sheffield are rather ( ? ? ) marina from sheffield will have ( ? ? ) on the spot ( ? ? ) in the couple of weeks , so i 'm sending ( ? ? ) , goin to workt together with marina to actually hack something to work and this will be ( ? ? ) pilot thing but lets see how it works i think on the second probably on the third year there will definitely be more collaboration like between work packages not just between partners . besides the on the spot meetings we can always add to the agenda ( ? ? ) physical meeting of the project something like a day 4 getting stuff working running or done . so not just meeting discussing but also sitting together and doing things . and on the ( ? ? ) physical meetings shall we discuss this ( ? ? ) today or . ( ka ) who wants to host . ( m ) i can host , we have a new fancy building opening in the end of december so , sometime february , march , april ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we can and should do another physical meeting and i 'd be okay with it being an ( ? ? ) exact day will probably end up having ( ? ? ) . ( m ) sure , february is nice ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) do you have scheme ? is that ( ? ? ) . ( m ) we had mountain that is 200meters hig . but ( ? ? ) . other seasons tend to be wet unlike ( ? ? ) and to be wet and cold . so gold and dry is better than cold and wet . ( ka ) wait , unlike the uk they tend to be wet and cold . ( m ) as in , we are just like it . weather is basically . ( ka ) i think that means we need to host you in edinburgh again at some point mark . but . ( m ) sure , but anyway the we can do it if somebody is reading ( ? ? ) to host this instead of us we wont eject . it doesnt have to be us the the definitely but otherwise yeah ( ? ? ) . lets do it in february . but doodle ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) okay , feb- april timeline will doodle ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) now i really need to go , bye everbody . thank you . ( ka ) we now have notes and ( ? ? ) on our google doc . we need ( ? ? ) collaboration in reviews . aswell , but we we should mention it and say this came up ( ? ? ) . and also ( ? ? ) more on top of things . okay , so the other review comments were . well i guess we are going . ondrej is typing . um . the other work packages theres obviously an integration which were sort of going to talk next i think . kelly want to say something about review comment . i think we can also just ignore the reviewer comments of about dissemination because thats changed completely since the review . so . moving on to product watch ? . this is primarily a when are we going to have mozilla engineers who are helping us actually launch the product question . ( k ) ( ? ? ) . i mean i was not allowed by legal team to hire people in ( ? ? ) switch the ( ? ? ) agreement . so that thats ( ? ? ) last week or two so i mean . thats now there are people sitting around who were waiting happen . questions are is are they still waiting to lets say be interviewed for the job . there is like whatever 150 200 people something like this i dont know the exact numbers . but something like that . we need to go through . ( ka ) i mean the press was lin- linking to your job ad . ( k ) yeah , ( ? ? ) , which is kinda impressive but ( ? ? ) in terms of ( ? ? ) . huge ( ? ? ) . whatever 150ish some ( ? ? ) , yeah 150ish some people . ( ka ) ( ? ? thing and make sure that the people who work on the translation and ( ? ? ) aware of the press that happened to ( ? ? ) job ad . so , yes hopefully pl- please hire and maybe some i i dont know what that call you had earlier will turn into but that might mean ( ? ? ) ideally . ( k ) i think the problem is lot of people were interested now because of this whole ( ? ? ) like , ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) one person particularly ( ? ? ) very interested now is it dublin basically doing ( ? ? ) translation there ( ? ? ) there . ( ? ? ) god sorry . ( ka ) thats . ( ? ? ) reasonable ( ? ? ) . but , because ideally we would watch something before the end of the project . ( k ) i agree . i agree ( ? ? ) having translation only is like a first cut is probably a good thing and then we can consider ( ? ? ) . i guess also ( ? ? ) having the pipelines so lets say ( ? ? ) having the . continuous intergrations stuff . ( ka ) yes . ( k ) here , yeah , thats when they definitely ( ? ? ) i think i mentioned it probably in the review that i guess the ( ? ? ) server arrives so we didnt install like ( ? ? ) week before or something like this , so the servers ready ( ? ? ) jobs and ( ? ? ) training and things like this so thats there . i mean i need to actually put the data and everything else into ( ? ? ) but at the same time that sort of bit of its installed in the rack ( ? ? ) job sort of scheduling systems ( ? ? ) . whatever we can have or something . ( ? ? ) when step zero lets say getting the pipeline there . um . but yeah , i yeah thats in terms of porting like an edinburgh , you dont have any kind of you dont test or ( ? ? ) anything else on windows ( ? ? ) . thats . ( ka ) no , we- we- we have a linux box that does continue his integration of marian . microsoft is meant to be doing something for windows , and we are definitely not doing any sort of a continuous testing on . ( k ) okay , okay , so we , we have like whole ( ? ? ) to do the ci and stuff . and we have , i guess different ( ? ? ) of course linux stuff we have windows ( ? ? ) boxes and i guess probably there used to be some also one integration of it into the test cluster sort of way of doing things lets say , and then also probably well not even probably there is gon na have be some unit test stuff ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) oh yeah , with project specific code and then there is like ( ? ? ) marian even compile on the mac right now , probably not . ( k ) uh-oh , okay . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) probably will work out of the box ( ? ? ) . ( k ) okay , okay . things to do . yeah . ( ka ) keep in mind that one of our our deliverables . is actually that is building that mozilla . so we may as well , get cracking on that pipe compiling marian and for instance ( ? ? ) use server wrapper thing at mozilla . ( k ) yeah , i agree . ( ? ? ) . best way od doing that . ( ka ) i dont know what that means but it sounds good . ( k ) ( ? ? ) integrations system , we have a sort of ( ? ? ) of computer that are like macs and windows and ( ? ? ) different architectures and ( ? ? ) integrate in task cluster basically you can do commit ( ? ? ) cluster to decompiles and unit test on linux and mac and windows and whatever else of different architectures , and basically give you back lets say reports on hey didnt compile the ( ? ? ) etc etc etc . so its basically we are keeping the code one working on different platforms into the unit test also , ( ? ? ) and also integrating feature unit test that maybe prevent regressions so . ( ? ? ) no questions . ( ka ) lets get the marian regression task running on three platforms and . i guess another related question is to what extent do you have very ( ? ? ) of cpu architecture . ( k ) yeah ( ? ? ) we definitely have some but i had to check this , ( ? ? ) like i dont have this in my head , it probably ( ? ? ) painful in terms of like , thats a unit test but unit test that may take into to the like this has to be done in this time frame or something like this , it tends to be ( ? ? ) tricky to not get false whatevere positives and past negative things you know what i mean like if we have . ( ka ) but do you have a ( ? ? ) measure speed on a celeron laptop released 3 years ago or something . ( k ) yeah , yeah we should have that like thats definitely . but i guess what i 'm saying ( ? ? ) we have that ( ? ? ) case that if he has some ( ? ? ) that measure speed and then you dont want the regressions on the speed you put some thing it should n't take less than ( ? ? ) ( ka ) yeah . ( k ) ( ? ? ) somewhere else ( ? ? ) crap on the box the same time and then all of the sudden uh , ( ? ? ) some magic thats going on , you know this kind of stupid stuff . ( ka ) so , at at the very least we can get measurements . ( k ) yeah , yeah , yeah that should be cool . ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) yes , keep in mind that we are also be running ( ? ? ) machine before they trying to use the feature but i totally get thats ( ? ? ) based on random noise . ( k ) yeah . ( ka ) so , there is a technical product ( ? ? ) if if we are doing completely separate addon initially then are we deploying as as separate executable ( ? ? ) addon . ( k ) i dont know at this date , i mean i think my guess is probably ( ? ? ) start experimenting with different ways of doing this ( ? ? ) look at like what is the best , i dont really want tto trying commiting anything yet , especially yeah , i dont want to ( ? ? ) cause i dont know the best way of doing this my guess is its probably have to be addon or some extra stuff there initial go , lets say like addon with maybe talking to a server whos running on same ( ? ? ) . at the same time that the problem it is like if we are gon na release ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) is gon na be , say it wont be as well received if its sort of this sort of frankenstein thing . you know what i mean so . i dont wan na commit to how we are gon na ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) have to be definitely sort of considerations of ease of use and ease of installation ( ? ? ) especially for targeting larger audience for this first go , like if we are just saying okay , there is three developers ten developers ( ? ? ) . hey ( ? ? ) download this thats completely different thing . ( ka ) so okay , there is some risk if we put something on addons that mozilla that or ( ? ? ) and point to it . we can always sideload things for development purposes . so actually given the way the project work ( ? ? ) three people then or two ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( k ) okay , hire two people but the thing is the way ( ? ? ) long stupid thing but basically ( ? ? ) proposal i gave ( ? ? ) that were about the cost that we are ( ? ? ) paying developers at that time . since then the ( ? ? ) time we bumped up salary a bit ( ? ? ) two developers now at reasonable salary for the rest of the thing its supposed to three developers at kinda way ( ? ? ) mozilla salary if that makes any sense . so , two two . is a short answer . ( ka ) but but that includes there is still money for some designer to make a nice homepage . ( k ) oh yeah yeah thats not a problem . that should be ( ? ? ) , im saying just like two full time people for their for remain two years ( ? ? ) core money but then external like desing ( ? ? ) still should be fine . like we not worry about that at all . ( ka ) okay , well i look forward to having the a nice poster in dissemination material that we can have now , ( ? ? ) feel anything for human considering ( ? ? ) tommorow but . but for the next conference it will be nice to have even like a business card type thing that that just talks about the bergamot project . ( ? ? ) we can ( ? ? ) okay , we can add qr code we can even do like a it doesnt work most of the time so its actually kinda bad but you can do like an nfc type thing . problem is any security consious people tend to have that turned off . okay . yeah . will be on the next ( ? ? ) of the poster . yes and the poster will get better . um . so , yeah i i hoping we can launch translation we obviously have the estonian system um i wan na have good systems because people are going to comparison to other languages , ( ? ? ) providors for those languages . so som- the first thing the user will do when installing this tech is compare with google translator something lets be honest about whats happening ( ? ? ) keep the ( ? ? ) or not . so , t- this is some some people will care about privacy and use it anyway . but we can build competetive mt systems , which is tuned soon that we can build off of ( ? ? ) that it will be competetive for all 24 languages or something . yeah , because you put effort into building it . human evaluation on something and say thats this . yeah so so my point is we need ( ? ? ) level of quality for multiple languages and i dont want you to just turn you into full time system builder . ( ? ? ) is asking which languages we could support for the first release . ( k ) thats a good question , yeah . i dunno , does it have to be plural ? thats also a question . ( ? ? ) languages ( ? ? ) language im not sure but cause it could be some of a ( ? ? ) we can ( ? ? ) get kinda attention by new language new language new language at the same time but at the same time we can make ( ? ? ) whatever we ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) ( k ) what , what what . ( ka ) i think it would be depressing if the bergamot project launch in the press with only estonian support . ( ? ? ) ( k ) some press yeah . ( ka ) we should have a few languages german and french and maybe spanish seem like . ( f ) ( ? ? ) german , estonian so germany english germany is ( ? ? ) so if you ( ? ? ) nice . ( ka ) if im honest the biggest markets for translation are chinese and japanese , because those are the languages , where that have economic importance . and people dont speak english ( ? ? ) . ( f ) french people dont know english very well . well lets say ( ? ? ) kitchen and thats it . ( ka ) well as a spanish also passed quite a big . it is true we care about europe , but we literally have colombian on the project for instance . ( f ) yeah no , i 'm just mentioning that for ( ? ? ) mission point of view , we need data to train the model , ( ? ? ) approach . ( ka ) yes , so . ok the . there is two discussions here . one one of them is , what do we launched the first product with , which will not have quality estimation . i 'm making your life easier fred . and and then what will we have quality estimation for which that eventually we will need to support a lot more languages . then we have nice data for . but i i agree that its ( ? ? ) the language that we really do well at quality estimation . but but . ( ? ? ) called figs french , italian german , spanish . yeah . yes . so , ( ? ? ) french and spanish . ( ? ? ) strong . we know that martian specifically experiments with german . but . we also want stuff that we can we can just show of the translations for so . french and spanish will be high resource . nice , readable translations . ( o ) yeah , there is also the domain issue . so i think that even if our systems are good for a particular language period that that wont hold across all the domains , so , and thats thats where the quality estimation will be expected , especially ( ? ? ) . so one question is , whether we would like to collect any feedback from the users , maybe just like an indication that this web page , was not translated well for me into a french . we dont know what the users actually saw because it was all on private . but they could share without the source . i do not know whether we want to do that . we could get too many ( ? ? ) right away . so i that just thing to consider . ( ka ) the question i was gon na ask is what we do with the information . it sounds like we have to build an entire infrastructure to collect things and have a lot of legal sign up for stuff . yeah . it would be complicated to get all the permissions around this . and its not clear that we have in the media and to use that data to improve the product . thats , sure we could inform quality estimation , but without text thats being translated . i suspect quality estimation is only going to be able to shrug . and ondrej still needs to mute his microphone when he is not speaking . so the the but ondrej ( ? ? ) . ( o ) it could kind of prioritize , yeah yeah yeah . it could could prioritize the problems . ( ka ) ondrej raises a good point , which is we should be testing on more the news . we should be testing on web pages . in these various languages and collecting some ( ? ? ) . the problem is we need translated web pages . the estonians have left so , we can ask ( ? ? ) later . but yeah , i think the biggest things for the project right now , are whats the larger plan that depends on mozilla having ( ? ? ) . and and in the short term we should power up our dissemination with some professional help on the graphic design of the project . ( f ) ( ? ? ) forgetting or you just mentioned having translated web pages . seems ( ? ? ) of ui ( ? ? ) any use of the the interface . like from firefox ( ? ? ) uses . ( k ) i mean i guess the user interface that was presented in the video that we ( ? ? ) . i mean that user interfaces were ( ? ? ) designed by internal mozilla user interface designers . its actually so that leftover user interface of the initial two or ( ? ? ) many attempts ( ? ? ) integrating ( ? ? ) translation into firefox , so so i can i dont even know honestly ( ? ? ) work on it . are still on mozilla , i can maybe try and dig up some kind of research they did but i dont know how to actually build the ( ? ? ) but there ( ? ? ) assumption is that they did some kind of testing on this with actual users but ( ? ? ) that maybe op- optimism speaking . is supposed to realism speaking . ( f ) i meant if people ( ? ? ) firefox ( ? ? ) user and i activated the plugin , so i tried it . so i guess ( ? ? ) im not the only one doing this . so my point was maybe we can start having some insight about , its not very representative but what type of web pages people are trying the plugin on , and try maybe . ( k ) thats a good point i mean one thing that i assume but im not 100 % sure is there there might be some ( ? ? ) in firefox to actually have that information ( ? ? ) but im not 100 % sure i 'd have to talk to ( ? ? ) they may have essentially some kind of ( ? ? ) mechanisms within that particular part of a code to find out how many people are using it or things like this . i have to talk to the ( ? ? ) to be 100 % sure and maybe they have more information there in terms of usage patterns . ( ? ? ) like them is action , i can do that i dont know if ( ? ? ) information there at the same time i can actually ( ? ? ) people and see . ( ka ) so okay , ( k ) maybe there . ( ka ) ( k ) for that part ( ? ? ) maybe build some of the test and then we can integrate i mean to text cluster that probably be the most efficient way of doing things i guess . ( ka ) marian has public regression test so you just ( ? ? ) run them . yeah . ( ? ? ) is saying there is 200 test almost . ( k ) ok great , that makes it easy , okay then its all . ( t ) guys i will have to go . bye bye . ( ka ) i think we all have to go . ( k ) yeah . ( ka ) okay , i will tempt to schedule another meeting and we also do do a poll about in person . thanks everyone . bye . ( f ) thanks bye . ( o ) bye bye .", "tgt": "installation experience . jindra and michal novak coming to edinburgh . set mt systems and quality estimation soon . mark has fancy building opening in the end of december . three weeks for quality estimation ."}
{"src": "( o ) the only the source language . so the backward languages is set the the same as the source , but this . ( ka ) no no , the the backward language . ok . is it doing perfect drowned translation to me . or ? ( o ) yes , it is . thats most likely . ( ka ) ok i created ( ? ? ) sentence i had ( ? ? ) , and then colours mean . ( o ) thats the confidence , and i dunno know the exact meaning of the colors yet i just received a screenshot yesterday night . so . ( ka ) okay , but . ( o ) the documentation is is pending ( kb ) it looks like a diamonds to me . ( ka ) well , yeah , i mean i expected . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah . well this is a proof this a proof of concept to like proof our prototype of the interface and we have the user interface webpagem , sorry the user interface workpackage starting in several months from now right ? ( ka ) sure , okay , part of this is robin 's problem , i 'm just asking this ( ? ? ) being ( ? ? ) . ( o ) possibly , yes . and its deep quest model . ( ? ? ) yeah . ( k ) ( ? ? ) dark red . ( ka ) right . okay , we ( ? ? ) is going to ask this ( ? ? ) , but i could show them ( ? ? ) , hopefully we should change the will go . ( o ) yeah , i 'm sending an email , and you will be on the copy , but it will be in czech so dont worry . ( ka ) yeah , i will i will stop it through and determine ( ? ? ) translation back to czech . ok , so looking back at the agenda , um , i already shamed people into taking all ( ? ? ) ondrej has ( ? ? ) not been sufficiently shamed , and . ( o ) yeah , yeah . i was working on this demo you know . ( ka ) yeah . sure . and then lets move on to upcoming deliverables we have to make a dissemination plan by the 30th of june . related point , we 've been on eu projects before are there some dissemination plans , we can share what ( ? ? ) is training data . ( k ) i got one for someone else but i mean i 'd be happy to see more of 'em . honestly , so , ( ? ? ) ask a few people very nice ( ? ? ) , but more is also better . ( ? ? ) with carrying data . ( ka ) i dont think dissemination plans are public . ( ? ? ) i 'm sure we had to write someone and ( ? ? ) project but . thats an offline thing . ( ? ? ) other partners have dissemination plans , that they could potentionally share with ( ? ? ) . how was it going kelly ? ( k ) yeah , fine , i mean sort of ( ? ? ) particular outline for ( ? ? ) to be working for a while , i think the part of the next lets say , two in a half weeks somwehere around there , we are gon na actually sort of have ( ? ? ) . i guess the nice thing about it ( ? ? ) to the final plan ( ? ? ) more b way in terms of ( ? ? ) so . ( ? ? ) not worry about it actually . ( ka ) yeah , two deliverables are if i remember . and the other thing is , i actually didnt say this but to be honest they care more that that stuff , ( ? ? ) and the eu flag appears on things that are disseminated . then specific things happening in specific dates in the plan . and they still care that there is some disclaimer that its like not an official thing of the eu that stated when disseminated . ok , so . data management plan on call ( ? ? ) i am attempting to deligate this to . ( kc ) yeah , so the th- the ( ? ? ) can not mention the data management plan it is due of the of the 30th of june , i 'll be on holiday most of june , so we need to get crack little bit before that . i think when it comes to data we are dealing with with three types of data , i think . ( ? ? ) is problematic but i can write up . we have the data for quality estimation that i would ask sheffields to take charge of the data management plan for the ( ? ? ) , probably gon na be similar , it probably gon na need public data and there is nothing confidential about it ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) thats also relatively ( ? ? ) manage data thats already ( ? ? ) we dont have to like find a release and host it and all that . ( kc ) and then the user data that you probably can write something ( ? ? ) . yeah . then i 'll i 'll i 'll . i 'll send out i 'm gon na set it up on github and overleaf . and then send out the link and ask people to continue . and its gon na be one of the the eu has has a template for data management plan . ( ? ? ) thats it i think for the ( ? ? ) unless anybody has any comments or questions . ( ka ) yeah , so ( ? ? ) what are the deadlines for other people to contribute to the data management plan . ( kc ) so i am i 'm lead i 'm lea- i physically ( ? ? ) on the list , from the 27th 27th of may and basically go on , and then i 'm basically back on june 25th , so . but i think its , so the last 5 days that week we can wrap up . so end of may . 25th of may . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) sorry , i i missed that , what is 25th of may , the draft of data management plan or what ? ( kc ) ( ? ? ) deadlines ( ? ? ) abstracted on 14th . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) deadline 21st , and i would like to have first draft of the data management plan in place on the 24th . ( o ) well . its the first draft . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) and we still have we still have i 'll probably check in some time in june . so if if people want to want to do that later thats okay . ( o ) yeah . yes , since the data management plan does not require us to actually have the data already . it is only a plan . ( kc ) its very straightforward its like you know , and then pushing ( ? ? ) basically gon na be , you gon na use probably data , the big data that produces is gon na be creative commons , and we are going to distribute it so that ( ? ? ) . ( kb ) really , you shouldnt have the data until this is sorted in theory . ( o ) yes , yes , exactly . yeah . so we 've agreed previously we have agreed that we 'll create a separate version of tchang , which would would be fine with this licensing ( ? ? ) free , and the the way we we talked about this yesterday hre , is that we will check the sources , and we will preview we will give you preview of the sources to mozilla so that mozilla can confirm which types of sources they are fine with , and which not , there is obviously things which are always shaky like subtitles open subtitles . should they be part of that or not . we hope mozilla will be fine with that . but the final word will be for mozilla and then we 'll create such such a subset of of tchang that mozilla has approved , and that would be it . so this this is our part for that . ( ka ) so the funny thing is kelly kept falling up the call , while you were saying that . ( ? ? ) now , the . ( kc ) the thing its recorded so you can listen to it later . ( o ) yeah , and while the recording is useful for this as well , i would actually prefer if if people when there are saying some important days or or things , if they could also type it right away to the search for google doc . so i did it for the , first draft due on may 24 . but i think its its useful for everybody who has a like a little bit of network connection issues , so that the voices not too clear . to see the the the dates and the important points right away , so that that speeds up the meetings . ( ka ) and it also gives some training ( ? ? ) to elitr . ( o ) uh , true ? ( ka ) so kelly , you probably didnt get all of , i guess related question is , you are going to have some showdown with ( ? ? ) on 14th of may or ( ? ? ) . ( k ) yeah , i will , i mean i dont know if i put it to showdown but sort of a query i will post to the about this , but yes . yeah , i would showdown it might it not be in a showdown but ( ? ? ) probably ( ? ? ) wont be over resolved on the 14th , but i mean it will probably be so the begging of a several week process . one thing okay one thing its sort of interesting in that is in terms of one thing we are doing in terms of ( ? ? ) open speech corpora collection or whatever . i talked to ( ? ? ) in regards to that in terms of . i guess we are creating a language model for simplified chinese mandarin and legal advise is that the act of creating language model actually ( ? ? ) your code to create language model , didnt work ( ? ? ) to use the same license as the text you are creating a language model from . so , for example , creating language model from wikipedia , which is cc by whatever ( ? ? ) like we can license it as ( ? ? ) . and its fine , so thats giving me hope at least but i mean i still need to ( ? ? ) kind of lets say see the details in this regard , i think we should be okay . but just i should check lets say . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) . appears to be opinion that it that it does actually wonder the copywrite , which is good , because neural models have been more clear of case from that and i even the conservative ( ? ? ) are ( ? ? ) believe that the neural model is created . thats is waffle use of the data as long as you have waffle access to it . ( k ) yeah , okay . and ( ? ? ) talking to the ( ? ? ) to this language model , ( ? ? ) so there is hope . ( ka ) yeah , i mean , honestly the difference between the language model , and the neural translation model . ( k ) lets see . ( ka ) but yeah , if you are able to really ( ? ? ) language model , then you should be able to do your own model ( ? ? ) at the end of the day . ( k ) yeah , i agree . so i 'm okay i 'm up to ( ? ? ) about that , fortunately ( ? ? ) in the us . so they should understand fair use a lot better , but there are maybe some jurisdictional questions around this , but thats illegal structures with multiple different companies therefore . yeah ( ? ? ) been fun dealing with lawyers to ( ? ? ) . given that , the large company ( ? ? ) okay . like pbn and yeah . pbn delivering something to the government us government system using ( ? ? ) calls apparently happening , so . we sho- , and the ee translation services that though , there are some people caring whether thats okay or not . moving on , there is the software with speed stuff which i will point the camera at the ( ? ? ) hopefully ( ? ? ) . ( kd ) right so , we have we have a ( ? ? ) version that ( ? ? ) is just as good as previous version , i have some experimental code that also supports only ( ? ? ) without contifi- contization which should been necessary when we have the 8-bit model start . and it is waiting for review from kenneth . ( ka ) kenneth ( ? ? ) review anything until after may 14th . you dont have that one ( ? ? ) . and , also we have a speed ( ? ? ) test coming up in august right ? yeah . so the next round of the workshop on neural machine translation is going to happen . and we should parti- we will be participating in that with microsoft . and that will be fine . there is some more stuff to be done on the well precision site . . but also , i think i 'm going to try and get intel to implement some of the nine matrix multiplication ( ? ? ) efficiently on cpus . i 'm sorting some stuff out with intel right now . yes , okay . and , we have conviniently given multiple deliverables to edinburgh ( ? ? ) with a robin has ( ? ? ) someone . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) is finally ( ? ? ) is starting on monday , he 's actually with originally colombian but he 's now uk citizen . fortunately for these ( ? ? ) . but his name is ( ? ? ) and he 'll be ( ? ? ) language processing and he 's done a lot of work in there ( ? ? ) . he 's done a lot of ( ? ? ) tracking but he 's computational modular and a build systems as well ( ? ? ) releases . so hopefully he 'll be able to communicate with everybody and understand ( ? ? ) going on as well , he 's done app development and server things ( ? ? ) as well as interface stuff . and comprehention . yeah , so i 'll introduce him to everyone here on whenever he 's here on monday . and email the details ( ? ? ) bergamot system . thats thats meaningly ( ? ? ) moment . ( ? ? ) get the plan with him next week . yes . thas part of it too . ( ka ) i guess the estonians are not on at all . so i havent heard anything back from them about we can 't make it , and hopefully ( ? ? ) . yeah . we did give them some late notice ( ? ? ) . so the the point is that there is some other deadlines around the 30th of september , that include actually sheffield has sort of deadline , which is delivering some report for the informal review so . while , its not a formal deliverable , sorry , fred . ( ka ) you might have to do something for . you might have to writesomething ( ? ? ) has to be clear that uh-huh , probably a presentation . maybe two pages ( ? ? ) . i suspect what is going to happen ( ? ? ) still want everything , by the end of september . so the revere ( ? ? ) can look at it , and then to actually the presentation , the commons as late as the actual live thing we do in front of them , but we will want to look at each others presentations before we actually do ( ? ? ) project officer . ( f ) so that would be a today 's , uh today meeting , right ? where we meet the day before um ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) i do not know , we need to be that formal , because all remote , ( ? ? ) but i think we should see each others slides before it happens . and it is not going to be a day long meeting neither , project officers . i think he was ( ? ? ) three to four hours , um . so . and the output will be recommendation is not anything formal because it is not a formal review . but we should all have something ready . so , yeah ( ? ? ) . and , and similarly , ondrej , uh . ( ? ? ) there is there is deliverables . they want to talk about . ( ? ? ) conveniently sorted by time . ok . um , we have basic firefox integration do on the 30 of september , and do we have anything to from ( ? ? ) . ( o ) not that we would be aware of that . but so ok honestly what , i would suggest is that we take this thing we currently have with round-trip translation and dress it up with , uh bit of description of what it does , and and fix the logo , and than . i mean , we have demo of outbound translation . that is what this is . ( ? ? ) , but that could be something that is presented to the reviewers . ( o ) so the good thing is that this student who developed this is actually interested in taking short summer internship with us . so like , doing work for money . this was work for like school requirements and your during that time he will have also try to integrate ( ? ? ) first prototyping , and we will see ( ? ? ) will work , and ( ? ? ) of scores complexity ( ? ? ) estimated . so it will be the colors will be different on the source , the also based on the source complexity , but possibly , and also , uh , what i would like him to work on would be to to sketch , what the evolution on humans could be like . so if we put real humans user a human users in front of this user interface . would they be actually able to ask for the tax refund for for the danish trains that you mentioned , the previously . so would they be able to use the the form to to create a message . and what what would they need . so i 'm happy to have heard about the uh , the new person for the user interface joining bergamot on monday , because we . yeah , will be . we will be in touch with him , and uh , ( ? ) the summer , some first like ideas what the task for the people should be , uh could could be scetched and and anotation interface like the the the interface of the experiment prepared , and then gradually , we will be collecting peoples behavior on that user interface . ( kb ) and might be also worth thinking who ( ? ? ) are going to be ( ? ? ) target ( ? ? ) create appropriate task scenarios . so whether is the ( ? ? ) or something else . but probably good to have real examples that we try ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so that is maybe a call for everyone . please if you like , uh , are just browsing the web . if you spot any websites that have forms with not too long , but still open texts fields that you would need to fill in . please let us know where gathering these are the real world examples of what what would people possibly need . the problem is that in many cases these forms could be hidden after like behind some registration , or or whatever . so , yeah . but it could be also this simple like contact us forms . and then we , we could come up with some things what people want to ask or whatever the the public transport or or what what do they want . ( ka ) i have just had an idea , and we could have the register for ( ? ? ) marathon speaking of which we may wish to include this in our dissemination plan that in late august , early september , and we should give the ( ? ? ) date were going to be doing ( ? ? ) marathon , and we made disseminate ( ? ? ) project proposal , or something . ( o ) yeah , another thing is a call for papers . i know that you are quite skeptical about the the utility of the open source tools papers in ( ? ? ) of mathematical linguistics ( ka ) ( ? ? ) last year ( o ) yes there were only two submissions exactly . yeah . so the question is whether ( ? ? ) . i know that you are sceptical ( ? ? ) . so , i 'm happy to cancel it when there is zero submissions , but ( ? ? ) i have not heard roman now , but i would like one person . ( kr ) i said the them those were not the only to submission ( ? ? ) the submission . ( ? ? ) ( o ) sorry , kenneth say it again . ( ka ) what was the acceptance ( ? ? ) . ( o ) uh , i think we , well from the with ( ? ? ) count as . i think we had some submission that was withdrawn , so it was not accept ( ? ? ) . ( o ) no , no no . it is relevant ( ? ? ) marathon . ( ka ) yeah , um , ( ? ? ) . i think it will be good to mention something that the mt marathon in bergamot dissemination like ( ? ? ) . so having something there will will probably project . and ( ? ? ) . th short , uh presentation around that or something back , ( ? ? ) likes the sorts of things when you organize workshops with the community and disseminate to other people ( ? ? ) . so we might as well report something we want to do and which will actually be dissemination , uh . so i 'm ( ? ? ) . ok . thank you . for ( ? ? ) firefox integration is also due ( ? ? ) so how are we doing on basic firefox integration ( ? ? ) september . ( k ) i have not started on it . to be completly honest . unfortunately , i have several things up in the air , and it just ( ? ? ) so yeah , i mean , i 'm not . i 'm ( ? ? ) data not really worried about is the matter sort of . it gives me a little bit of time between now and then ( ? ? ) integrate things in ( ? ? ) . and and most the coded surge to ( ? ? ) me sitting down and getting source kode and ( ? ? ) and integrating , since you are back in which our exist into the code ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) worry too much just a matter ( ? ? ) actually do this . ( ka ) yeah , i 'm concerned that you will not . you may not have hired someone before the deliverable is do . ( k ) yeah me too , and a and the same concerns ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) my function at this point . ( ? ? ) be me doing it . that is my my ( ? ? ) that just that matters ( ? ? ) scheduling days where i do not allow other people to schedule stuff in my day time its ( ? ? ) comes down to . should be like , ok ( ? ? ) two or three days of ( ? ? ) work on ( ? ? ) thing . everyone else can just not talk to me in these two or three days that is difficult part at this point . ( k ) okay . um , we can schedule a day longer bergamot review . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) a project meeting . i do not think any a of us are qualified enough and javascript stuff . i 'm not sure if javascript is your forte . either with this figure that ( ? ? ) . ( k ) i mean , ( ? ? ) i think most the back , and it is currently all . i guess most , the code that is currently in firefox ( ? ? ) translation . the ui ( ? ? ) right now . ( ? ? ) . i mean , some of it might be the thing that i 'm probably the majority work of the what just getting all of those sets for firefighters build again . but i think the marjority work is other than that . half of the workers should ( ? ? ) , integration , work ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) if i switch you went back enough for another back in ( ? ? ) steep differences between two back in ( ? ? ) has been horrible ( ? ? ) same time it . i could be surprised by working on it . ( ka ) it will lower the ( ? ? ) of your success to start earlier . ( k ) completely agree . ( ka ) though it is nice mozilla ( ? ? ) the initial immigration work with google translate before it ( ? ? ) project . ( k ) yeah , agree also . makes my life easier . ( ka ) uh , it is not possible for you to pay the people who did the original work are they americans or something . ( k ) i think some of them are . some of them are ( ? ? ) . i think there is one guy spain ( ? ? ) get from the initial work . and the other people are in ( ? ? ) . as far as i remember . i mean , can maybe can contact the guy in spain ( ? ? ) interesting sort of suggestion . i can contact him ( ? ? ) some sort of several months in a bracket contacted ( ? ? ) `` hey , can ( ? ? ) you in on this . '' i guess it is going . i guess i need to contact him and his boss , ( ? ? ) more important part of the equation . really . because i am pretty sure he be entered ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) form part is getting a ( ? ? ) off on that , which is always more difficult side of things . ( ka ) i thought the difficult side of things was getting sign up ( ? ? ) ( k ) yeah , that is looking boss levels above that ( ? ? ) increases each level you go . ( ka ) okay , i guess ( ? ? ) . other comments people have anything i should say the jellyfish today ( f ) ( ? ? ) do you have more information , because where they would be ( ? ? ) to the end of august . the beginning of september ( ka ) that is a great question ( ? ? ) . ( kr ) ( ? ? ) wednesday to monday . and we will come from this in next . i do not know , maybe two weeks when the ( ? ? ) alocation is finished here in edinburgh . ( f ) alright , thanks . ( ka ) back to me , uh , the only problem or having is their allocating ( ? ? ) and stuff . so it is harder for us to ( ? ? ) . i 'm also ( ? ? ) . okay , i guess the the last time of bussinesses ( ? ? ) customer ( ? ? ) the setting time for another meeting , possibly when ( ? ? ) is not here . the sometime in june , it is a little weird , because i talked to the other project coordinators more than i talk to my own project , because they are these two coordination ( ? ? ) , and and they both invite us to to their deliverables for them . and , though . ( f ) so really you are you are ( ? ? ) to us with the ( ? ? ) project right ? ( kc ) ( ? ? ) talk to lucia , chances i can just copy and paste stuff from other data mension plans ( f ) alright ( ? ? ) . ( kc ) ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) probably ( ? ? ) something as as something that ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) quality estimation data . ( f ) ( ? ? ) cool . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) management section ( ? ? ) bergamot ( ? ? ) recreated the diagram . ( kc ) and and we do not expect high levels of literary novelty for surprise events . so like , you know , ( ? ? ) . ( f ) okay , good to know . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) trying to write my own management section , and just got all those ( ? ? ) from one that they ( ? ? ) before ( ? ? ) . ( f ) can we not have ( ? ? ) basicly write it up for us . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) so i guess we will organize something in june . and there is an ( ? ? ) more frequent meetings ( ? ? ) deliverables approach . if the deliverables do not exist yet . and the ondrej this student of yours who is making demo thing ( ? ? ) going to do an internship with you ? ( o ) yes , if you can hear me . ( ka ) okay , well , let us know if they want a ph d or . ( o ) and they do not want to stay in prague . ( ka ) and they do not want to stay in prague . ( ? ? ) ( f ) sorry i have to go now . ondrej , if you can come back to me with the ( ? ? ) come back to me with the details were getting ( ? ? ) , because as i mentioned we are we refactoring it . so it could be interesting to see how ( ? ? ) would like all you can have . we can integrate it in your in your tool so we can make it easier . ( o ) is an important message . i might have miss that , because of network issues when you are talking about that . ( f ) alright i will come back to you and by email . ( o ) and thank you . ( f ) cheers . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) fourteen 21 . 28 . well , i do not know if people have strong opinions . probably doing . ( ? ? ) okay , ( ? ? ) anyone going to ( ? ? ) my duty and seven ( ? ? ) someone 's going ( ? ? ) . we will ( ? ? ) not decide on this call because mark is not on this call , and we were ( ? ? ) . okay . i 'm the cracking on those deliverables and , everyone have something to show for those september end of september thing for this informal review , ( ? ? ) thanks , everyone bye ( o ) yeah thank you . bye bye . how you are the only participant in the conference , you the only participant in the conference ...", "tgt": "data management plan does not require us to have data already . eu flag appears on things that are disseminated . create separate version of tchang . sheffield deadline ( 30th of september ) . make dissemination ( 30th of june ) . first draft ( 24th of may ) . firefox integration ( 30th of september ) ."}
{"src": "( j ) hi . ( ka ) hello ? ( j ) hi , can you hear me ? ( ka ) yep . ( j ) hi , the camera doesn \u2019 t work , so ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) it \u2019 s really bad time ( ? ? ) camera not working . ( j ) yeah , i have i use my phone for online ( ? ? ) but i 'm not sure if this thing works . ( mat ) hello . ( j ) hi . ( t ) hi . ( mat ) ( ? ? ) online here . ( ka ) so boris johnson tested positive . ( mat ) i see you have your exercise back there . ( ka ) yes , my only source . ( mi ) hi , kenneth . ( ka ) hi . ( mat ) hello . ( ro ) hi everybody hi . ( mi ) hi . ( ka ) we also have max . ( j ) ( ka ) yes , we do . ( j ) ok i think ( ? ? ) , i i i 'm gon na try connecting ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) someone 's ( ? ? ) microphone the fan ( ? ? ) lot louder . ( mi ) its maybe mine . i try to mute if its better or not . ( ka ) much better . ( mat ) are you there ? ( ka ) so api . someone finally typed the pin and that \u2019 s their name . ( li ) yeah , sorry for it . i don \u2019 t know how to change it . ( ka ) ondrej 's here . the meeting appears to be ( ? ? ) main purpose , which is kelly has started emailing about integration stuff again . but i don \u2019 t see him . so i just ran the ( ? ? ) command , can we also have alignment information ? ( mat ) ( ? ? ) hear you . ( o ) sorry , there was , sorry there was my problem probably . i decided to mute its speakers by itself . sorry . ( ka ) ondrej looks a bit like a startrek character that \u2019 s going to die by the end of the episode . he 's got the blue shirt . ( o ) i havent watched enough startrek to know what blue shirt means . ( ka ) okay . i just ran the , the ( ? ? ) api thing that was sent over email recently . ( mi ) yeah , yeah , okay . and you were talking about the alignment . ( ka ) yes . ( mi ) i dunno ( ? ? ) . yeah , ( ? ? ) question for ( ? ? ) because this is , ( ? ? ) showed me the . its ( ? ? ) marian so i just , i 'm just running these with models student models from roman , and so i dont ( ? ? ) possible due to return also return alignment as well . ( ka ) we have a slide . there are two people who joined with name 1234 . i know one of them is lisa . i have no idea who the other person is . ( k ) how do you even find out ( ? ? ) i am . ( ka ) okay , i think kelly is one of the 1234 's because , yeah , if you click the thing on the left of the screen that tells no , kelly is test okay . ( k ) okay , ( ? ? ) test i never ( ? ? ) test . ( ka ) no lucia is showing up as an actual person . if you click the thing on the left , the little like arrow thing inside of the window , then it tells you who the participants are , and you can see if your name appears or if you are 1234 . ( k ) or test . ( ka ) or test . ( mat ) or test . ( ka ) okay , other one 1234 has left . ( o ) yeah , and you are your name is in italics so if you see 1234 in italics , its you . ( k ) okay . ( koc ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) okay , and whoever was just speaking we needs more upload bandwith . right , so i think we have most people here now milestone three , which is not a deliverable lets say milestone which potentionally means we tick a box on the eu portal and there is ( ? ? ) report that goes along with it , there is a comment where we are supposed to document some evidence that has been done . so this is more like 300 words , or even just a link is sufficient for a milestone but it says second version with quality estimation , early outbound translation , domain adaptation and faster software , which is just about everything . ( k ) yes . ( ka ) and its due to 31st of july . and its attached to integration . so , i , given that that says second version and it follows basic firefox translation function , i 'm pretty confident that means in the browser . ( mat ) in the browser . ( k ) yeah . ( ka ) and i i brought this up partly because integration seems to have bit under the impression that it could just do translation and improve translation somewhat and get it ( ? ? ) of that in the browser and building up mozila site . which is more of the deliverable language . so , how are we going to do this , and does it smell like something ( ? ? ) patch that set in the browser instead . ( k ) what is ( ? ? ) talk to that or . ( ka ) sure . ( k ) okay , let me see . how do i do this . how i ( ? ? ) . how do you share . ( ka ) you move the mouse and then at the bottom a bar appears and to the right of the power button is share my screen . ( k ) okay , let me . ( mat ) ( ? ? ) is in files . ( k ) yeah , i dunno if ( ? ? ) present files , i 'm trying do this and i switch to dc stuff , i guess its the first question . ( ka ) yes , we we we seen mateo from your browser , and now we see month 18 deliverables . ( k ) okay . ( ? ? ) . so i guess this is first i guess one i guess is deliverable ( ? ? ) like it should be , probably deliverables + milestone should be the title . but it has , it the documents ( ? ? ) milestones in it . so basically with the document it is , sort of a ( ? ? ) of basically the deliverables and the milestones and which whats in each ( ? ? ) for month 18 for mozilla . ( ka ) can i just have one favor ? can you paste that google doc link into the ( ? ? ) something . ( k ) yeah , i completely agree . give me a sec . let me just let me just do this , ( ? ? ) . okay . ( ? ? ) . oh there is the chat , okay . does that work ? everyone get that ? link . does anyone hear me ? ( mat ) yes , i hear you . ( k ) did you get the link in the chat ? i just put ( ? ? ) . ( mi ) yes its its its working . ( k ) okay . okay . yeah . ( du ) ( ? ? ) participants list and its the speech bubble . ( ka ) okay , someone put it in the google doc for the agenda and kelly can carry on presenting . ( k ) okay . okay so , basically ( ? ? ) the document as deliverable from ( ? ? ) month 18 the milestone . which is i guess especially ( ? ? ) for this milestone and also ( ? ? ) theres a link document that has a timeline ( ? ? ) . but sort of i guess first going to deliverables i guess theres two two ( ? ? ) deliverables for mozilla theres like , building on mozilla cluster , and updating firefox , ( ? ? ) updated firefox is basically this milestone that ( ? ? ) , okay . and so , let me break that down into two different parts so theres i guess building on mozilla cluster ( ? ? ) parts of that and have like a list of ( ? ? ) many different pieces that are there , there ( ? ? ) from task from the ( ? ? ) . so i mean theres background stuff ( ? ? ) training server integration and training server ( ? ? ) mozilla 's cluster ( ? ? ) to windows which is already done . i guess ( ? ? ) put up there ( ? ? ) agreement so . i guess the ( ? ? ) environment for versioning and packaging integrates into marian into mozilla 's ( ? ? ) integration system , integration with various test that are there for linux , well i guess the test are generic but i mean integration for ( ? ? ) the linux or ( ? ? ) built system . the ci system , and the theres sort of emission here is mac , and the reason he mac isnt emmited is because ( ? ? ) there isnt really any ci that mozilla has for mac you have to actually buy your own mac servers to to get it integrated to ci so like theres no ( ? ? ) of mac ci stuff integrated to , so i 'm just gon na at least for now just gon na leave ( ? ? ) there . um , so i guess also things from the ( ? ? ) pipelines ( ? ? ) test models and mozilla 's clusters integration ( ? ? ) different languages . and theres also another thing which isnt in the grand agreement which is creation of scripts to train a hands models . and by that ( ? ? ) its in the grand agreement that refers to things like test 2.1 to test 2.3 and test 4.2 to test excuse me 4.4. now also a task 5.5 to 5.6 in i i lets say i 'm probably i think we should probably just ( ? ? ) on these things . because some of these tasks are task that are due after month 18 so it kind of makes sense to try and integrate these ( ? ? ) enhanced models where the enhanced models like the deliverables arent really there yet , so for example like ( ? ? ) agressive models are ( ? ? ) in quality things like , which are due like month 36 or 26 . so both of these i think we should probably just ( ? ? ) until after month 18 . so , but thats ( ? ? ) deliverable like the i call it ( ? ? ) 6.2.1 , so building on this little cluster . so the update the firefox things i call the 6.2.2 basically part of that is review the ui from wp1 . creating the project plan for implementation the ui work and then designing creation of unified api integrating ( ? ? ) wp2 wp3 and wp4 i guess . things arent there to integrate that i say it that way . so for example like , wp3 so like outbound translation , theres no kind of like official way you are outbound translation now so its my guess its ( ? ? ) probaly gon na have to do something ( ? ? ) hacking like ( ? ? ) translates to the other direction in terms of languages and then do some kind of ui stuff , which could be sort of putting a translation on what you 've done after the the form loses focus or could be something like with maybe say um coloration by say the ( ? ? ) quality estimation stuff or could be in best list or could be ( ? ? ) i mean the ( ? ? ) set out but that i should , like if we do something i think we are sort of all right because in the the milestone itself it says like ( ? ? ) early outbound translation . so that sort of , um i guess for wp4 stuff , thats i guess the thing that would be and also i think its probably not sure if we should do that cause there no kind of online domain ( ? ? ) adaptation up and running that we could really integrate . ( ka ) um ( ? ? ) correct me if i 'm wrong but i dont think any of the domain adaptation is actually improved ( ? ? ) yet . ( k ) okay , okay . ( max ) ( ? ? ) there are some experiments left that will actually that might give ( ? ? ) . that we are doing right now . ( k ) okay . so i mean i , i guess maybe ( ? ? ) only thing i 'm thinking is that like is that like if there we try to get a large portion of the ( ? ? ) and i dont wan na sort of maybe tryna go off and ( ? ? ) experiments try to integrate this experiments that may not ( ? ? ) if that makes sense . i 'm trying to be practical . if thats not clear . ( ka ) honestly like from integration point if the eu its send the ( ? ? ) off the domain adaptation or some of the other things , and if the browser is sending that over the api and it gets to the translation system , even if that happens to it ignore it . then for integration purposes its , its ( ? ? ) domain adaptation may want other things but once they get a positive blue score then we can add that on but honestly its from the browser through ( ? ? ) metadata one with the translation request . ( k ) okay , okay , but i mean there is also gon na be ( ? ? ) and thats one thing that would probably be time taking which would be basically sort of integrating that into the backend server . wherever the server is or could be at this point . ( max ) mayor part of our experiments doesnt even require a metadata because of the domain tags are drived directly from there text that is ( ? ? ) translation . so from the integrate ( ? ? ) like it does the model thing because ( ? ? ) with the browser request , but for the url ( ? ? ) the integration should be like ( ? ? ) . ( k ) okay . ( ka ) is it a function of a text of the request , or is it is it cross sentenced or within sentence . ( max ) um , its within sentence but like actually we found both allright , the one is the function of the text that we are translating the text itself , and the another one is the function of url or metadata . ( ka ) ok . so for integration purposes of domain adaptation i think kelly sends the url for now , and then if you come up ( ? ? ) other things that you want beyond that . we can adjust the api , that i 'm i am least worried about integration of domain adaptation . ( k ) ok . ok . so one thing to i guess , i dont think and i think its probably reasonable not not to try to complete the implement the ui stuff , i think we should probably take the current code base and implement some of the features just ( ? ? ) ui work from wp1 but i dont think going for ( ? ? ) its probably reasonable in terms of getting the milestone done . ( ? ? ) trying to be practical . ( ? ? ) probably between month 18 and month 27 feature complete stuff ( ? ? ) thats where the real all the ui work from wp1 should be integrated . ( ka ) i think we need to have more in the ui than currently exists for translation . so it needs to be explain some quality estimation information probably document level of this point . ( k ) document , i was thinking sentence level actually but i mean cause i guess thats when the conversation ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) sorry , document sentence level , not worry level . ( k ) okay , fair enough . yeah , i am completely fine with that and i can completely agree thats exactly thinking should be done to , like i was actually thinking sentence level ( ? ? ) but document level could be fine too . i completely agree that was sort of my my presence too . so i guess the dissemination to thats also no ( ? ? ) that should be done but thats probably not really ( ? ? ) to the current conversation which is the milestone and this is the milestone which is i guess ( ? ? ) . um , i guess ( ? ? ) do some domain adaptation can actually , this is the reason ( ? ? ) i guess the one thing ( ? ? ) domain adaptation ( ? ? ) looking at the deliverable which corresponds to that and that ( ? ? ) 127 but if we wanted to ( ? ? ) like we discussed earlier its completely fine . ( ? ? ) . even though ( ? ? ) so . okay , so go on . ( ka ) yeah , for your purposes dont worry about runtime domain adaptation at worst that will mean that the entire document gets sent out of the browser entire text of the document ( ? ? ) contact object , and then ( ? ? ) contacts doubt , and then to get some translations back . ( k ) ok so that under that there is a link to a timeline and hopefully the link is , how can you can see the , like i dunno , could someone ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) we can , i already opened it . ( k ) okay , okay . people are there , okay . so this is basically sort of the timeline ( ? ? ) see most all those task getting done ( ? ? ) . right now we , what day is it . the 27th ? so like somewhere whatever around here , and the things i already done in terms of the stuff there is sort of like ( ? ? ) integration , server integration , server ( ? ? ) , packaging environment basically i sort of like got most of the stuff ( ? ? ) and have a sort of say second version of it thats under mozilla organization and github , and also what i 've done ( ? ? ) last week is basically ( ? ? ) ci integration and ci is complete now basically i integrated within to our ci system where i can essentially have ( ? ? ) for all the different tasks ( ? ? ) need to be done all the different sort of whatever ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) shows you ( ? ? ) test . i havent integrated all the test yet , for linux and windows thats the thing i am doing next week and week after that but now there is sort of it can be ( ? ? ) . what ( ro ) what do you mean by windows support isnt that reasoned marian public marian depth or the version which is going to be used in bergamot which is ( ? ? ) version of the server , because there are . ( k ) i 'm not sure honestly if i 'm being completely honest i 'm not sure . ( ? ? ) there is some windows support , i 'm talking like right now talking about the depth code integrated into the ci stuff but we can actually , like it shouldnt matter in terms of the ( ? ? ) because i guess least least ( ? ? ) on the depth right . ( ? ? ) . right ? ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) the ( ? ? ) server is not in the public master and there is no guarantee that it is going to work on windows or there are no extra dependances so this needs to be tested and possibly ported into windows . and also what do you mean by test ? ( ? ? ) test or regression test . ( k ) yeah , ( ? ? ) no the unit test are not actually gon na show you what i mean i mean i basically have so i have this ( ? ? ) but its under mozilla so it is basically sort of a whatever you call it ( ? ? ) but theres these tests , so the basically regression test ( ? ? ) , you know like the ( ? ? ) module that is regression test thats ( ? ? ) module . thats what i 'm talking about , does that make sense ? ( ro ) okay , good thanks yes . ( k ) ok . yeah ok . so ( ? ? ) right now . so i ( ? ? ) , the deliverable for mozilla , we have to get this all ( ? ? ) integrated into the ci stuff mozilla ci , so this is the ( ? ? ) sort of initial step thats basically getting the code running getting essentially the code all building there and then actually integrating the test is ( ? ? ) next thing is gon na be doing . for linux ( ? ? ) windows . um , and then the nxt thing after that is sort of pipeline creation this is basically getting the training running on our cluster which shouldnt be too bad i mean the basically we have it , essentially the way we are doing training on our cluster its just a matter of essentially gon na be matter of tking some of the pre existing test scripts to do some training and actually taking those and making the more less what less essentially for our our job schedule its ( ? ? ) and that basically essentially is a set of scripts that run ( ? ? ) making sure this work on our tranining cluster . its actually slightly different ( ? ? ) between the because our ci system our ci system works on slightly different version of linux than our training cluster i think our training cluster is 16 . 04 and the ci system is 14 . 04 but whatever . its gon na be ( ? ? ) but it shouldnt be ( ? ? ) should be relative easy to do this . ( ka ) does marian even work on 14 . 04 these days ? ( k ) i got it compiling up and running i can show you the compile of it . i have it in . thats the reason i was asking i dunno who answered . ( ka ) i guess if you only care about cpu you might be fine . ( k ) yeah , thats all i 'm doing this right now , ( ? ? ) right now i only have here for this stuff and here you can see the log of it . what ? oh its 5.0 , thats the reason i was i guess there is ( ? ? ) answered my call in terms cause the ( ? ? ) is is installed on 14 . 04 is 484 i think so i had to basically add another ( ? ? ) to and then get another version of gcc for 14 . 04 the 5.0 ( ? ? ) but one of the five x . ( ka ) 5.4 is a good one to have . ( k ) ok , ok . ok . ( ro ) it was me who answered that question . so you basically need gcc 5 and cuda at least 9 to what make it working on ( ? ? ) . ( k ) yeah , okay . okay . okay , so yeah , ( ? ? ) compiling cpu compiling ( ? ? ) running and everything ( ? ? ) test cluster thats nice . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) / bin / true can not execute binary file . ( k ) yeah , thats just i just put some dump ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) they completely agree . its just here , i will show you . thats okay , this is the like the true thing is just a place holder for actual testers like ( ? ? ) this is just doing this is doing the first part of the integation where is basically getting all the code running and compi- or getting all the compiling getting all the dependencies set up on our test cluster , so all of this is basically doing all that putting on the test cluster and getting all the stuff compiling all the code etc etc etc etc . up until this point and this ( ? ? ) like this is where the actual test ( ? ? ) . you know like the actual one of the unit test ( ? ? ) come in . and ( ? ? ) script for unit test ( ? ? ) . so ( ? ? ) unit test it basically just try to run the binary true if that makes any sense . ( ? ? ) . its super not import ( ? ? ) result of me not putting a script there does that makes sense ? ( ka ) yeah , yeah lets see what going on . ( k ) yeah , its super not important basically . i mean its yeah . but like i would replace because all i did just right now i just put a skeleton in there ( ? ? ) get something up and running to get everything running ( ? ? ) test . and so i just ( ? ? ) for the actual test , but this is gon na ( ? ? ) with like one of the ( ? ? ) test thats running . and so back to the timeline , so the scripts ( ? ? ) updated firefox and i guess theres ( ? ? ) one is part of the review ( ? ? ) the ui work for wp1 and this is happening like whatever . in the april i guess . and then create ui project plan and thats this is the plan for the implementation the ui work but thats ( ? ? ) is is not specifically implementing all the ui work in firefox , this is sort of creating a ( ? ? ) of the ui work . and then this is kind of ( ? ? ) here , this really basically ( ? ? ) for api 's wp2 wp3 wp5 integration , so this is ( ? ? ) now with the talk about the ( ? ? ) work like ai like when ( ? ? ) for um ay like sentence level quality estimation things like this , like how is it gon na look and this ( ? ? ) updated firefox and second , this is the updated firefox deliverable and this is the lets say the ( ? ? ) milestone , so there basically kind of this aim thing ( ? ? ) twice but whenever . so this is basically where the design the jason design comes in and figuring how we are gon na ( ? ? ) information from lets say the server to the client and then the implementation of this is here so this really like ( ? ? ) weeks that is like 6 weeks of implementation , theres that for that and then at the very end of the dissemination report , like two weeks in time to do dissemination report and that ends this is sort of ( ? ? ) end of june lets say , and there 3 weeks of like hey we screwed up somewhere lets say , you know what i mean . so its like ( ? ? ) time little bit of time hopefully to screw up cause something will screw up and something will not work and something will take longer , this is like a little bit of air in there i 'd say . not the same amount of air but little bit of air ( ? ? ) . so thats general outline about things ( ? ? ) see things could work ( ? ? ) the next three months or so . we go back to the ( ? ? ) . okay , there , back . let me stop . okay , so back , so questions ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) i regret to inform you that deliverables usually have reports even if they are software . ( k ) its true , thats actually true , yeah . i mean thats . yeah , i mean i think that given sort of lets say . yeah i mean i ( ? ? ) worry too much honestly i completely agree i can do that but it doesnt ( ? ? ) too much to do that , cause ( ? ? ) last what i did wasnt really super ( ? ? ) something is like couple of days , something like that i 'd say honestly . ( ? ? ) probably more than that but at the same time maybe three or four days something like this . ( ka ) the design api there is a lot of people involved in that . ( k ) i completely agree , yeah . ( ka ) so i i think we need to be doing that earlier and its sort of our here . ( k ) yeah , i agree agree . i am completely fine with like how do you wan na i mean i agree with you like we are actually ( ? ? ) now and i guess the question is like where do we wan na pull it to ( ? ? ) i can pull it to start now , really if we want to , and have somewhat ongoing test during whole thing . thats seems ( ? ? ) actually whats going on . ( mat ) yeah . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) ( k ) yeah i completely agree . ( ka ) lke honestly marian mozilla ci windows integration test is the sort of thing that you just do well , famous last words that hopefully mozilla has got as and doesnt require a much partner coordination whereas if if we know what we need for the api earlier and thats better . ( k ) i completely agree . ( ? ? ) completely fine , yeah i mean i reviewed this gon na be in this for the ci integrations probably not gon na be whole bunch of why is this dumb thing theres probably not gon na be whole bunch of interaction . with everyone else there probably will be soe ( ? ? ) assume somethings gon na wrong and some test somewhere is gon na work on 14 . 04 stuff thing whatever and i will be like hey there is this this test doesnt work whats going on here but i agree the majority this is gon na be sort of ( ? ? ) at mozilla getting things to work . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) can you comment on what software you are using for this api thing and the probability it will work on windows . ( ol ) i 'm currently using the toolkit called cro . um , which i think i i think it needs some of the boost system i think it needs right now . and it might also be i 'm not sure if something ( ? ? ) also need boost asr to the ( ? ? ) thing . but i mean thats the thats just the the the ( ? ? ) implementation um that could possibly ( ? ? ) if theres something else . and other than that i 'm using the for the for the jason i am using rapid jason from tencent and i think that ahead ( ? ? ) library . ( ro ) i also have to comment one is about the windows test , they will not work on windows . ( k ) they will not , okay . ( ro ) they will not . ( k ) in terms of like like is it like trivial things or is it some actual real problems . ( ro ) um , all the framework is in ( ? ? ) and assume the linux commons so only to have ubuntu ubuntu windows subsystems or something , this will not run without it and also i think there may be some small differences for the test output i mean the output we expect to get from running different test just because of different version of something , so i for the ( ? ? ) test it should be fine but for the regression test the framework is not prepared to be ready for windows test running . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) sort of thing where he can build an executable with ( ? ? ) windows pipeline and then run the ubuntu subsystem for the regression test against a native windows executable . ( ro ) yes , this works , but this is not actually windows , its more like ubuntu . ( ka ) sure if , i 'm saying that native executable compiled in a visual studio way completely outside of the ubuntu thing and then running the regression test . and its not ideal but its also . ( ro ) i know its possible . i never test tried that though . i definitely know that its possible um , and the other thing is that there was one week port creation of the trainings scripts and the pipeline and this will be not enough for testing it at all , because then higher pipeline will be like few weeks for running probably . ( ? ? ) back translations and training the students and that will at least 2 weeks . ( k ) yeah but you dont have to train it i mean ( ? ? ) test a pipeline you dont have to train it on huge data set you have it to train it on smaller data set to make it work , like smoke testing . ( ro ) of course , but it takes time . it takes time one week may be not enough . ( ka ) question is if he smoke test and you get one blue do you is it the small amount of data you run it with or is it something wrong with the test . ( k ) yeah . ( r ) but i guess you know at least the pipeline works . ( mat ) there is a positive attitude . ( ro ) on very small training data like few million sentences this should take like a week 10 days probably to finish the entire pipeline , the basic pipeline and this should give you already like 90 % of the final ( ? ? ) 80 % . ( k ) okay . ( ro ) thats my estimate . ( k ) okay , but i mean that seems . ( ka ) we have many gpus . ( k ) on the server i mean we have 8 servers there i mean all we want is officially for the project where you have 8 servers and each of them has a gpus so . and they are like ( ? ? ) like each one has this that ( ? ? ) . so most of ( ? ? ) 12 teraflops each gpu and we have about 60 whatever 64 something like this . ( ka ) and roman , how many gpus ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) for 4 million for very small training data should be 4 gpus ( ? ? ) how much , gpu run memory . ( k ) yeah , i mean i guess we have the bigger box ( ? ? ) that has how much is it it says about 8 whatever we call it um , 6 thousand with the stupid rtx 6 thousand whatever these things are called . um , those have 24gb 's per gpu so . ( ro ) so two of them should be enough to test the pipeline . ( k ) okay , and we have 8 we can put 8 of them if we wanted to . ( ka ) you can paralyze the back translation at the very least ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) yeah , yes and for the training the models you really want to paralyze because the generating ( ? ? ) takes a lot of time . ( k ) okay . yeah the bigger machine is definitely nicer . for personal experiment ( ? ? ) its really nice to have that much memory on gpu 's . ( ka ) and the addition ( ? ? ) a while to run the pipeline will break . ( k ) yeah . ( ka ) it takes a lot of ( ? ? ) to get everything right . ( k ) okay . okay . i mean the one thing i think thats gon na ( ? ? ) making that longer but also one thing thats good about making it longer is it doesnt necessarily have to be a , you know ( ? ? ) full time job if that makes any sense ( ? ? ) like ( ? ? ) it will run in the background i will be able to do xyz in parallel with this running it will break ( ? ? ) fix ( ? ? ) some fix to it i 'll start it again and do something else ( ? ? ) task . in terms of humans its supposed to computers . ( ka ) there is some ( ? ? ) to that , um , it will also ( ? ? ) some coordination with asking questions . ( k ) i completely agree . i completely agree with you . ( ka ) do you think it will take two weeks to get the linux test running . ( k ) i do not know , i sort of gave it a little bit of ( ? ? ) not too optimistic lets say , i think it will probably take less if i 'm being honest but i didnt want to be optimistic , the ( ? ? ) will take more and linux take less . thats my real guess , but at the same time i just did ( ? ? ) to each of them . ( ka ) so , lets talk about the api . the marian have gotten an alignment yes ? thats a roman question . ( ro ) yes , i confirm . ( ka ) okay , ( ? ? ) can we output that guy alignment information in the json . ( du ) yes . if it if it can be put out ( ? ? ) seems to be like the soft alignment of information available . ( ka ) okay , when can that be done by . ( du ) um , end of next week . ( ro ) the unit sub alignment or does hard alignment . ( du ) i mean i just checked the code ( ? ? ) i dont know ( ? ? ) available . ( ro ) yes it is , its the default one . ( du ) oh okay . ( ka ) we want to put html 's tags for better or worse i 'm not sure what we deal with soft alignment to place html tags . ( k ) yeah i think hard alignment also is probably ( ? ? ) . ( du ) i mean it depends on the what the alignment information is is is used whether its whether its for quality estimation or for tag placement i think . i could imagine that people who do quality estimation might be in just a soft alignment rather than the hard alignment . but in basically the bottom line is i can return anything that can be pulled out of the a hy- hypothesis . ( ka ) does sheffield have a comment on that . ( ma ) go ahead lucia . ( l ) no go ahead marina . ( ma ) i dont think we i mean i dont think we should use alignment for quality estimation unless its the ( ? ? ) scenario where we want to ( ? ? ) to the source but to be honest i think its we have low chances of succeeding with this . so yeah , quality estimation would be on target site either word level or sentence level scores . right ? ( l ) yeah its right . ( mi ) and maybe i will comment on the ( ? ? ) thing that the if the alignment is available in in in the output of marian so we dont need to run our own alignment so it will be much faster . so thats this is only for the ( ? ? ) bit . ( ka ) okay , but my question is do you want soft alignment or hard alignment . ( mi ) so for . ( o ) yeah , so so far we have worked with the hard alignment but it was for presentation purposes it was like the highlight back in the source what was hard , what was probably wrong in the target . and this this can be also projected with soft alignment but we dont know what is better for the user . and also i 'm little bit worried if like i dont always trust alignments as they come from ( ? ? ) or or . are your alignments are marian alignments better than attentions . ( ka ) these are guided alignments they are not attention based . ( o ) ok thats thats better . yeah , so that my work , i dunno what is better whether soft or hard , ( ? ? ) when we get we probably make use of that . ( ka ) right okay , at least going to put hard alignments in the json but the ( ? ? ) and if you want some alignments on the side you can get them for an experiment purpose . ( o ) yeah yeah yeah , ok great . ( du ) i mean i can i can ( ? ? ) return anything that people ask for . even in the request you can just tap have have ( ? ? ) specify the ( ? ? ) back for example . another question is what the best return format is , do you want to kind of get individual items like tokens , i mean all the alignments is gon na be on the tokenized stuff anyway with ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah , lets not discuss this on this call but i think we need to get in touch with vilem who will have now a lot of time to work on this because he like he will unfortunately have to leave the project from september but instead he has a lot of time now . so , he will he will tell what he needs for ( ? ? ) and others yeah i think this should be better negotiated in a technical call separately . ( ka ) right . i mostly push on this hard alignment because i think that its something that mozilla should be integrating for purposes of having tags in the translation . ( k ) i completely agree . that seems like a good use of it ( ? ? ) where they need to be moved ( ? ? ) something like this for ( ? ? ) like whatever . ( ? ? ) ( ka ) so there was a point that just came up though the hard alignment , having natively out of marian is going to be on tokens . and then its going to get detokenized are we using sentence piece now ? ( ro ) yes but . ( ka ) so inside c + + we can do a calculation of what stuff is getting merged with sentence piece and then turn that back into a word level hard alignment . ( ro ) so what we can do directly in marian . do you provide the hard alignments that match the detokenized output . because at the moment there is an option so you can get ( ? ? ) pieces and alignment with ( ? ? ) . ( o ) they surely going to be some corner cases where the alignments would need to link to two strange words far away . ( k ) thats the case yeah . that ( ? ? ) example with the german words like ( ? ? ) whatever where the call gets split into two different words and like could be far apart and then also ( ? ? ) tags . ( ka ) yeah . for better or worse this is always going to be an ugly ( ? ? ) but we should be getting the data back to the browser and then the browser is going to have to make up based on the alignment and if you ( ? ? ) sentence piece stuff then ( ? ? ) will get alignments back to multiple places and french ( ? ? ) this problem . so , by the way i am going to be leaving the call at one and actually keep things on time for once . call to join so , more of the story is if ( ? ? ) is going to get hard alignment on detokenized pieces by the 3rd of april , which was which is end of next week . when does mozilla think that piece can be used with an ugly ( ? ? ) . ( k ) i mean that changes the schedule of things ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) right now you 've got design api or something for , okay yeah , okay fine i see its technically its implement not design . ( k ) yeah exactly yeah yeah yeah i mean that would be the i mean i can ( ? ? ) sort of like not context ( ? ? ) too much if that makes sense . ( ka ) i get that . ( k ) i can definitely i can definitely start ( ? ? ) context ( ? ? ) too much in the first like next two weeks or something . this is ( ? ? ) mozilla cluster building pipelines , ci integration , testing bla bla bla and then after that ( ? ? ) implementation . ( ka ) okay right , so in the ( ? ? ) what we need to be doing is getting some sort of quality estimation going into that json . as well . ( k ) yeah i agree . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) problem , thats a we need to coordinate . ( k ) i mean what i understood that is the currently ( ? ? ) based quality estimation right with the runtime drop or something like this . that was my thought that was gon na ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) yes , i think currently this is the the idea . ( ? ? ) for when do we need this exactly . ( ka ) well , i mean everything is due end of june , we need to have quality estimation in the browser technically by the 31st of july . but i think they 're going ( ? ? ) and that means like integrated and showing in the ui and everything . so . ( ma ) yes , so so so what we have what we have discussed ( ? ? ) an empty base quality estimation in principle we have most of what we need in place already because the ( ? ? ) is implemented in marian and we are able to return ( ? ? ) as well as part of the ( ? ? ) as far as i understand so what we would need is to decide what to do with how to map those cores to ( ? ? ) for showing . and this is what ( ? ? ) decide , this is whats missing . ( ka ) so where is your ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) oops sorry . ( ka ) where is your code that takes the stuff out of marian and what language is it in where does it run . ( ma ) for what i under- understood we can return word level scores as part of the json in the api but then yes , so so whats your asking is where the part where is the part where we map those scores to something right , ( ka ) well okay , i 'm asking marian provides say , decode with and i understand that we currently have dropout integrated . so now my question is , how complicated is your code that takes whatever marian does and turns that into something that goes into json and what is it implemented in . ( ma ) but i think what goes in- what could go into json a word level probabilities and thats it , there is nothing else . ( l ) marina but when we do dropout then we need to look at various hypothesis that are generated right ? ( ma ) no but this is only about rescoring . so what , so what we would do is to take the average of the distribution of the probabilities for each score . ( l ) i guess thats thats thats the code that we would need . ( ma ) but this is but this this part is already done by marian at least for sentence level roman implemented it so it returned that this average probability for or or i dont remember now where the id did or marian returned but think was just to take average . there was nothing else to begin . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) . ( l ) yeah this is this is there and or can be done easily . what we need to decide at sheffield whether we will have a alternative which is gon na be this api code deep quest which at the moment we cant say yes or no yet because we dont have , it is not complicated but we just need a server mode sort of implementation of which doesnt have to load the models everytime we send a request for one prediction . ( ka ) and which is going to be the appliable . ( k ) yeah ( l ) yeah . but but we have this solution which is our unsupervised qe which we know this pretty well and is language independent and all that and is fast . because its already given this part of the ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) so just just one thing for this for everything we want need to be done in in summer , just this include word level quality estimation or it can be sentence level . ( ka ) it can be sentence level . ( ma ) oh in this case it makes it much much easier then . ( ka ) your word level quality estimation is due at the end of the year . ( l ) yeah . ( ma ) okay . ( o ) yeah , we just need obviously word level for ( ? ? ) but thats internal thing doesnt have to be delivered to the comission that for that ur the deadline thats ( ? ? ) so this , we also need word level but not that early . ( mi ) we can run the ( ? ? ) experiment in two phases and to inmplement or include the word level qe in the second phase . so , you are not . ( ma ) for ( ? ? ) we are actually working on it right now the word level qe . ( ? ? ) of doing this . ( r ) great ! ( mi ) okay . ( ka ) okay . ( o ) thank you . ( ka ) i 'm gon na have to go soon but what i. i 'm happy that there is a timeline now and its i 'm hoping mozilla will still eventually hire someone . ( k ) like yeah , ( ? ? ) two people two weeks ago interviewed two more people last week they are coming in for their ( ? ? ) decision is gon na be made on what ( ? ? ) four people ( ? ? ) four people be hired ( ? ? ) the week after . ( ka ) yeah week of six . ( k ) yeah yeah so . ( ka ) and then what , you ship them a laptop and check their integration documents remotely or something ? ( k ) ( ? ? ) two people so i ( ? ? ) whos not in my family i can ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) laptop , hey heres a laptop . thats possible thats legal . ( ka ) okay , i 'm gon na have to go the other ( ? ? ) suggest is kelly you might try find the part time admin person to handle some of the annoying eu reporting ( ? ? ) . ( k ) yeah yeah that i agree . thats gon na be annoying , that gon na be more annoying ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) yes . ( t ) okay i have to go . bye bye . ( k ) bye . ( mat ) bye . ( k ) one thing ( ? ? ) they just hired a financial officer for all of mozilla in europe and hes based in berlin so hes aware of ( ? ? ) auditor ( ? ? ) hes definitely onboard ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) well i 've got ta go but i 'm feeling quietly better now . ( ? ? ) ( r ) just the virus . ( ka ) i 'm touching the face less . bye everybody . ( mat ) bye bye . ( ma ) bye . ( l ) bye .", "tgt": "create ui project lpan . api - wp2 , wp3 , wp5 integration . test pipeline on smaller data set to make it work . level quality estimation due at the end of year 2020 . 31st july - second version ( quality est . , early outbound translation , domain adaptation , faster software ) . 3rd april - detokenized pieces ."}
{"src": "( ka ) right , you should have notification session is being recorded . lets start with the quality estimation . in particular , there is concerns both from the experimental perspective . having trustable word level quality estimates to put in front of users and integration , which could be at the sentence level at this point . ( mar ) so but i dont . well , um i guess we should we can ( ? ? ) experiments and whats happening there . if thats a good starting point . ( ka ) yeah . ( l ) ( ? ? ) . so what we did was to ( ? ? ) able to train some word level models we worked with tried to and ( ? ? ) on collecting data ( ? ? ) word level . ( ? ? ) which had to be basically on the same domain as ( ? ? ) used in experiments . and we define guidelines on what would be good to to detect so um . ( ? ? ) making them binary but initially we had street classes and of ( ? ? ) critical ( ? ? ) errors are no errors so that ( ? ? ) . and um . ( ? ? ) interesting that that we have and this interesting ( ? ? ) doing with it . but in terms of training models , we tried different approaches fully supervised approaches which is what we will use or report to have like ( ? ? ) but ( ? ? ) on more data and then the sort of ( ? ? ) . supervised but using the unsupervised indicators that come from the nmt model . so the ( ? ? ) and marina some other things but . what we have for all of the models is a lot ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) here in level . and that doesnt the super well because of the ( ? ? ) data we have . but still we can see a trend we can see that there is the signal is there that um , this indicator is ( ? ? ) with the with the human perception of quality on this form . no error to critical errors . so we have that working now for ( ? ? ) will update us on czech as well . but in the , the actual integration with the interface is is is working fine . in terms of the quality i think there will be issues with both the prediction level quality and also the word alignment which again someone who has looked at estonian english alignment ( ? ? ) . but from our side we provided word level predictions and we dont think they are totally garbage . ( ? ? ) some signal there but we we basically have to see what the experiment would tell us how ( ? ? ) . so now i dunno someone from cuni wants to come in tommorow the the actual ( ? ? ) and challenge there . ( mi ) yeah so i can . ( r ) sorry can i just quickly say that at one point you are , it was mentioned in email about subwords level stuff . i think thats going too far . we just want sort of word and thing that 'd be great . ( l ) we are providing the word level its just that the information we get from the nmt models is that the subword level because thats what the nmt 's models are spitting out ( ? ? ) . but dont we put put them together in words and that predictable word level . ( r ) okay , great . ( mat ) um-hum , okay . ( mi ) okay so we we have integrated the qe to the ptakopet experiment ptakopet front end . and so now i just tiny things we are like making . so its more than everything and it communicates well . and also we are still waiting for the czech part . but i think its about its the thing they to have it . as i understand it from the mail from marina . and um , yeah , about the alignment i 'm working on like improving the word alignment then . its still not sufficient . its fast aligned . yes so i tried pretrained some models but yeah it doesnt work very well . at least on for czech . the day or this morning i get the some trainee- testin- test data for english estonian so i will try it for this language pair as well . but ( ? ? ) trying to improve . because there is a problem that fast alignment is not very efficient in memory consumption . and so i can pretrain a model , for at most for one million or or two or three million of sentence pairs . because otherwise it will . spend more than eight gb 's in memory , and this is too much for our servers or for our . ( ka ) you need fast aligned run on the machine with 300 gb 's of ram . ( mi ) yeah okay . if its possible . ( ka ) this this is easy for us . maybe not exactly 300 gb 's but we 've got machine 's lying around with that order of magnitude . ( ro ) well , i almost trained fast aligned for all the student models on up to 300 million of sentences and it worked on ( ? ? ) . ( mi ) 300 million of sentences . ( ro ) of sentences , yeah . ( mi ) yeah . how much memory did it spent ? ( ro ) i dunno it was on machine with 60 gigabytes or 200 . ( ka ) on our machines to smallest amount of ram is 64gb 's and . i 'm logged into a machine right now that has 283gb 's of ram . we have a legacy with statistical mt that resulted in machines with a lot of ram . ( mi ) um hum . and you trained it on forms , no because i tried also like ( ? ? ) text to decrease number or the size of the vocabulary . and but you you trained it on on word forms yeah . ( ro ) subwords . ( mi ) on subwords okay . ( ro ) so 32k . ( mi ) okay , okay . maybe we are that will be the solution thats to train it on subwords . because this is the big issue that like the size of the vocabulary . so yeah . okay . ( ro ) who should have models for english , estonian , spanish and german , the fast aligned models . which i use for . ( mi ) okay so if you have into the ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) i will double check . ( ka ) and if you want something specific . just share the data with us and we can run it . i think at one point charles university might 've had access to our cluster anyway . ( o ) yeah i 'm not sure if this is still a available . um , i havent checked recently . but another option is also to stem the words like dont bother with full . you , we could even do full lemmatization which is somewhat better . ( ka ) i dont understand why we were talking about compromising system quality . if it doesnt compromise quality fine , but the the we have the amount of ram easily we should just run it and not try an approximate . yeah yeah . ( mi ) although actually you might you might get better alignments if you stem for real words . ( ro ) and thats right . ( z ) its its not just ( ? ? ) there 's also quality argument to be made for for reducing the vocabulary because if it . showes up once or twice the corpus and with german for example thats easy but like all the compounds . you might you might do better actually with some separate segmentation . if you are not overly agressive . ( mi ) we have also also the experience with english czech that alignment works better on lematized text . or stand . rather lematize them . ( z ) you can try to reduce ( ? ? ) in czech althought to reduce the variety . ( mi ) also in the quality is is important probably fast alignments not that the test tool for this . ( ? ? ) better . alignments but its much ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) it is . ( o ) yeah i agree . so it would be better to use github but i think we need to get something running and . so the easiest option is to use models , which are already available if you have any in the edinburgh . ( ka ) the tokenization and all of that is consistent . ( o ) yeah , yeah , sure , it is . ( mi ) okay so we will exchange like coordination emails with you , roman and kenneth to . ( ka ) copy ( ? ? ) in the loop too . ( mi ) okay . ( l ) yes , can i say something ? just ( ? ? ) models . its not ( ? ? ) totally garbage , lets put it in the better way , they do ( ? ? ) . they do well at at not making so what what would probably happen is that they might miss some incorrect voice because they ( ? ? ) basically the majority of the data its correct . so ( ? ? ) they are gon na be ( ? ? ) . gon na be your models , so if you have anything ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) you are free to edit the medium minutes ( ? ? ) , just typing this thing that said and that was a direct code from you . ( l ) okay . ( mar ) so regarding the type of errors actually is is i need some upsampling when training classifying ( ? ? ) . the the there isnt that that much of an issue regarding false positives and the sense and saying that words are correct that i actually . its more the other way around . so some of the words that are correct are predicted as being bad . this is the would be the issue actually . um . and in general regarding the quality of this models , we are still working on the word level predictions , so to be honest . its not the the the best solution ever . so yeah what i what i did on the on the sort of glass box features side was to try using ( ? ? ) and also ( ? ? ) with the dropout for . the models that roman provided to me and i actually saw some improvement for the teacher model . but for the student model roman as we discussed its true if you didnt use dropout during during training then using it to it the prediction time , it doesnt work obviously . its just produces not nonsense as a results . so so yeah . this is this is on the on the one hand i tried to combine some simple features including i dunno ( ? ? ) the length of the word the average probability of the sentence but yeah . building a very simple classify since we dont have lot of data . and a what i have seen is that for both for word level and for sentence level prediction actually , the approach that we developed for because now in experiments . we worked on predicting direct assesment judgements and it seems that predicting direct assesment judgements at least with this kind of unsupervised features is much easier than predicting error categories . so we have found with the that that that this type of annotation that we designed precisely to be able to detect bad words or bad sentences which is goal in in bergamot . we still have work to do in order to be able to predict this reliable reliably . because its not its not the same task as predicting some continous da score , its its quite different . in particular , if we have error categories like critical errors that for instance are concerned i dunno translation of of numbers ( ? ? ) which is an category that we introduced because we think it is important . trying to predict that just based on what probability , look probability wouldnt be enough here , because it is not only the the the quality of translation itself . it is also the type of words that are being translated all that . uh , that that being translated ( ? ? ) . so yeah , just just . this is something we still need to to work on , and i guess , for these we still have some time . i mean , for word-level are qualities summation right ? ( ka ) you do still have time on word-level quality estimation , through the end of the year , if i remember correctly . ( mar ) yeah . so yeah . but yes , for ptakopet experiment . i wouldnt expect . quality estimation should provide model model results . ( ka ) can i ask a stupid question is this because we 've chosen language that dont have much annotated data for them and is there a language for which we would have good quality estimates . ( mar ) we have htr based data ( ? ? ) based data in our recent dataset for english german and english chinese . and i guess while if talking about postating based data . there is quite a lot of date are right for . but for for for other language bears . yes . its english german , i think mostly yes . lucie its english german . ( l ) ( ? ? ) there was as well . smt ( ? ? ) dmt data . ( mar ) yes . ( l ) so in terms of like modern nmt model data we have english german with the htr annotation . so we have binary good patch word levels and actually validate ( ? ? ) perform much better that data . ( mar ) and they are yeah . they are the results make much more sense yes . yes . ( l ) but we are talking about 7000 sentences versus what did we end up having ( ? ? ) 400 sentences even less because some of them ( ? ? ) , so 300 sentences . approximately . ( ka ) we happen to have a nice fast english german translation system now , so ( ? ? ) question can we run quality estimation experiments with that . to get a get a range that on german this is the higher range where we see if quality estimation is useful and then uncheck maybe the results are less good and user it more . but we would understand that . ( l ) so i mean the que- question of what how we we show the quality estimation is useful i think its somewhat in ptakopet . this is just one of the question right , its not the main question , and and that means is hard to is gon na be hard to detach it from the other things that involved in the experiment which the word alignment is one of them . but the other things are provided to the user . experiment is not designed to answer this one question . um but when it comes to to to our um . but then there is the ui which is again the second experiment ( ? ? ) in a minute . but when it comes to toward the end of our deliverable we will have to ( ? ? ) deadline for the deliverable . we have to design if we want to have human sort of annotation that the quality estimation works ( ? ? ) design something around that . we did not sort of quit doing that , but we can we can can do if we have the resources . ( ? ? ) german if we have speakers ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) to collect the word level annotation data . i know that mark may have some budget for that so we could also discuss having more of the estonian data for example . and then we have german which is one of the languages of the project and estonian . so i think it is ( ? ? ) matter of quantity of data here because we we can show that this is this works much better for german for which we already have the data annotated . ( ka ) so regarding budgets as long as you were under the fifteen percent to personnel cost . which i think we all who were in the end . then we never told them what the subdivision of the budget was anyway . i at least underspend in travel budget , and suspect you are as well . that can be moved to things without grant amendment . ( l ) so so , does this include second moving cost . ( ? ? ) from stuff i i mean i dont . ( ka ) your non personal budget is ( ? ? ) . yours the servers and the travel and . that stuff , you can move personnel to find servers easily . thought i guess in principal if you hired someone is a data annotator then they could be staff . ( l ) yeah . budget is bit different but . ( ? ? ) its its its a question maybe to discuss the project normally ( ? ? ) evaluating quality estimation . ( ? ? ) evaluate the ( ? ? ) of it . but this is something we could do instead of just having automatic evaluation scores . ( ka ) well okay , whats worrying me is it sounds like we are going into an experiment , the conclusion of which is likely to be that the users didnt find the quality estimation display useful to them . and i think that was the outcome . and we were displaying random quality estimate . ( l ) ( ? ? ) so maybe lets talk about that . because thats really the utility of having good quality estimation . and thats thats the the edinburgh user interface experiment . and for that we have a great to provide to actually untape some data and just have good standard annotation . cause that answers the question of ( ? ? ) utility rather than on how good the models are . which is again different question . so we decided to not to mix the two things and again obviously if the if the users are not happy with 100 % accurate quality estimation . then it could also be because of the way its been displayed ( ? ? ) so there are other other things that we need to investigate there . but ( ? ? ) differs , differs experiment that we wan na do with the users right . if we have perfect estimates for ( ? ? ) useful anyway and how ( ? ? ) we show them the or use them ( ? ? ) . and this is these second experiment , for which we are working on with cuni on additional data because this has to be into english not out of english . and and and the number so we agreed we we we talked about a minimal number of segments for that and matteo used that 300 is is sort of a it could ( ? ? ) and then . we we talked with a lot with the cuni guys and they ( ? ? ) happy to annotate that data as well . so from czech to english the source language doesnt matter to to to edinburgh . ( mat ) right , it could be german . ( mi ) so we are collecting now the data for from czech lets say stimuli like the same redforms that we collected for ptakopet experiment . but this time its from czech to english . and for the experiment ( ? ? ) i was talking about . we are only interested in the queries not the screenshots of web forms . so currectly like our annotators have more than 100 equerries , or maybe i i i checked it like a week ago , so it was 100 a week ago so now it can be 150 or up to to 200 . ( o ) so so just a clarification question . the the quality estimation then will be manual thats if i understood correctly what lucia said . but it doesnt feed the , interactive scenario of of ptakopet of course , because they are the people are changing the input and the output is very , very ( ? ? ) . and we can not have golden on the quality estimations for so ( ? ? ) outputs , right ? ( l ) yeah . ptakopet is just ( ? ? ) . and then the ui is a different experiments because its a its just a one one ( ? ? ) . ( mat ) yep . ( l ) but for ptakopet we have a model ( ? ? ) re running ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so back to kenneth back to kenneth question its a thats a big worry that if the quality estimation model is not as good as we could get it . then the users will say they dont like it its not useful in ptakopet and it could be not because of the user interface , but it could be because of the insuffiecent quality of quality estimation . but i dont think there is anything we can do about that aside from trying to maybe qe model as good as ( ? ? ) . ( mar ) sorry i just i i dont think we should its really very difficult to judge the utility of quality estimation in the framework of this experiment . because there are like lucia said there are lot of other factor involved like for instance the quality of the alignment so there are very there are many things that can go wrong . so yeah . ( o ) yep yep yep thats true . so the the conclusion should not be casted specifically on the quality estimation . but the conclusion can we negative like that this module was not useful and then yes there could be many many reasons for that . it need not be quality estimation alone . i agree . ( r ) part of this to see what the threshold would be so . not only if we categorize qe as good , does that does that match what people think . you know we are we are as that line between good and bad . its not just will it be useful what the sure yeah . which ones we are highlighting as good or bad we use that cut of light . ( o ) yeah so actually for that there should be a very ( ? ? ) recording of what has been shown . so how the model of quality estimation , and how they alignment did perform . and then so the interactive experiment with round . and there would be a second round of annotation , which would mark the quality of the quality estimation . so that would then give us the x-axis kind of . ( r ) yeah . exactly . so part of this is just the also not only run it with the life thing , but gather the date , and then whose experiment analyze it as well . yep . ( l ) but again i think ( ? ? ) because i i dont i dont know how exactly you guys plan to to go about reporting the results or analyzing the results of this experiment . but i think in general it would be hard to you get the questionnaires ( ? ? ) . which module was more helpful but because there are many thing that are being tested at the same time , it may be hard to sort of detach the individual models . ( mi ) let me just clarify we want like in the design of ptakopet experiment we want to test several combinations of the modules . so or all of the combinations maybe not all but many of them . and definitely there will be a combination where there is just qe included or . only the qe is the is the is the only clue for the user how good the translation is . and okay , its not just the qe you are saying like its also the alignment included . so then after we collected all the resu- results we can analyze comparing just the target and source . how much of the error was the contribution of alignment and how much of the error ( ? ? ) contribution qe . but we can we can isolate just the i mean the qe ( ? ? ) alignment component . ( ? ? ) ( mat ) what the ptakopet experiment has as user decision . and score from one to six . that they say whether what the the tools they had were helpful or not . there isnt any individual brakedown in the actual whether there was which part of the information shown was the most helpful for them . whether what the period on the screen whatever of the four team . ( ka ) this it the ( ? ? ) like comparing people who are shown different things and how useful the information was to them . its a what the cross subjects that within subjects . ( mat ) yeah . ( mi ) yeah thats right . ( ka ) can i ask the same question again why are we experimenting with the language pair that is lower quality quality estimation rather than the language pair for which we have much better automatic quality estimation . ( l ) because this is . ( r ) its not to meet you the in fact there was a range of good to bad . ( ka ) but right now we dont have a range we just have that . ( l ) its not so much of ( ? ? ) language itself , i mean i probably ( ? ? ) the amount of data . collect . ( ka ) sure these characters are always linked in machine translation , i 'm still asking the question though why are we . showing users german or do we think that quality estimation while it may have a lot of data for german . is less useful the users , because the translations are so good . ( mi ) for ptakopet experiment is its because its when i was in edinburgh in november we decided to do like we selected this language pair at the very beginning . i mean english to czech because we will do also some evaluation , manual evaluation of the translation and how the translation change after during the interaction . or users interaction . so we can easily evaluate it . manually . so and there are several factors and . frankly saying that the factor of qe wasnt involved so much in that time when we decided to go for this language pair . so thats why . there is english to czech , and english to estonian it was because we wanted language pair that is translation system with train on less data . ( l ) i think there was an element ( ? ? ) also work with language pair there would be enough errors because its also connected to the type of data that is going used in experiments . which is simple data , so if you use it ( ? ? ) trained english german model , its likely everything will be just correct and then . that makes ( ? ? ) quality estimation even harder because we trying to find this very few cases of errors . so i yeah , ( ? ? ) more interesting to work on those languages . but if ( ? ? ) perspective then ( ? ? ) just more data , is is is is an issue of ( ? ? ) because . um , we we basically dont have the models or data yet because we still have before halfway through the work toward the deliverable . but the experiment has been running now so maybe its just a ( ? ? ) timing issues there . ( mi ) and and yeah and the ( ? ? ) another thing that is very important for ptakopet experiment that we need participants that speak the source language and dont speak the target language or yeah . we prefer the the users that have no relation to the target language at all . so , get people who dont speak german or who speak english and dont speak german . sorry dont speak czech or estonian then . yeah but it was one of the several reason why we decided for the english to czech or english to estonian language pairs . ( mar ) s- sorry , j- just just a thought regarding the quality of the different language pairs , i 'm thinking maybe . i mean not now not for this experiment but in the future we should for quality estimation maybe think about having some amount of the main data for the models . because there we would see more errors and critical errors and catastrophic errors which necessary to detect i mean bergamot scenario where is open domain and maybe . we should we should do something there and it doesnt matter that much the the language pair is just important to collect this out of the main data . ( ka ) so we spent two thirds of the call now um . one last point is do we have sentence level quality estimation that mozilla can integrate . ( l ) so um . go ahead . ( f ) no i think we . ( l ) ( ? ? ) . ( mi ) go ahead lucia . ( l ) ok let me try reverb . like i said in email ( ? ? ) for the unsupervised um prediction . which we think works ( ? ? ) sentence level . and that means there is very little and and sort of integration as long as we are using marian and marian is producing what we need which is at least a lot probs . but ideally also the other the mc dropout but then there might be issues with ( ? ? ) that we need to discuss that . but then marina has some scripts that would be sort of the integration component would be scripts that take this and and make them into sentence level score . so fred and ( ? ? ) where we are with that . ( mar ) yes ( ? ? ) unsupervised um , the unsupervised approach . yes , like like lucia said we can do that and we can use log probility ( ? ? ) other indicators among them the dropout which is already implemented by roman . and i i dont think it would be speed would be a big issue because its not generating its just doing a forward pass for the translation that is generated already . i 'm also looking at softmax anthropy is one of the indicators and then i combine all of those features in in a classifier to predict the da score and we have that for . for various language pairs . and this is what what we can integrate as sentence level prediction i think . ( ka ) softmax anthropy support shortless . ( mar ) i havent i havent done any experiments with with that . so this is something we would need to to to to discuss and also another thing that we would need to think about is okay if my model predicts the da score which is i dunno a score from 0 to 100 . which is something that we 've done experiments with the what we do with this score then . so and there this would be a question of threshold or how to show this to the to the user whether- whether we do this highlighting or using some grayscale on the text or something else . or we come up with the threshold to decide at which point the translation is really bad to show just a warning sign and yeah . ( l ) but ideally it again i mean ( ? ? ) but ideally this would be informed by the ui experiment . ( mar ) yes yes . ( l ) so we can maybe discuss that what is the timing for the ui experiment versus the time of the integration . obviously . ( ka ) in my experiment is due at the end of june and the integration is due at the end of the july . but your deadline for having something integratable is well and advancive mozilla 's deadline for having everyhing integrated . ( l ) yeah the thing is is is the actual score can be integrated but then how we des- how we use that score if color coding or or whatever . and showing the score then maybe thats something that i can ( ? ? ) . in this one month by mozilla . ( ka ) sure sure . i think what we need to have though is i keep asking how complicated this function that computes from one probability is another such things . is because in principal it should be returned with the translation results to the browser and in the integrated end it cant just be something thats hosted off of fred plain 's website as a web service . ( mar ) so that i am using radian boosting classify implemented thats inside github to combine the features and there are like 5 features that i 'm using . so so so you are suggesting that this should be implemented on marian side or that . ( ka ) which is more less equivalent to do i have some c + + code that performs inference . ( mar ) yeah . ( ka ) i dont care about training . but if if at the end of the day its a . ( mar ) wait does it need to be within marian or i mean . ( ka ) it has to be in some code thats going to run in the browser at the at at in the end . ( mar ) yeah so it doesnt need to be c + + . ( ka ) do we ( ? ? ) well do you want to ship all of python in sidekit to compute a relatively simple function . that it if i remember gradiant booster classifiers they are not that complicated right . ( mar ) and also actually there is not that big difference between using gradient boosting classifier and some simple regression , yeah . and so yeah . ( l ) but i think i can get to ( ? ? ) c + + . ( ? ? ) whatever marian is spitting . and then have something that runs on top of that and gives us a score . ( ka ) there are short term and long term integration goals . by the , th- this is the sort of thing you can store and ( ? ? ) file right ? ( mar ) the model we mean yeah yes . ( ka ) and the structure is static yes . ( mar ) yeah yeah . ( ka ) so . i 'm not i 'm how many nodes of a computation graph does this thing have anyway . and try to look up the documentation . ( l ) which documentation . ( ka ) i 'm looking at the ( ? ? ) learn documentation for a gradient boosting classifier . ( mar ) yes i mean i mean we can use ( ? ? ) regression and and and and beacuse there is not that big of a difference between using linear regression and the gradient boosting . its just that gradient boosting was giving me the best results but the difference is marginal so . ( ka ) oh , i\u00e2\u00a8m not even convinced that a gradient booting- boosting classifier is that complicated to implement . linear regression is trivial , right that just sends a ( ? ? ) multiply with the bios term . and we should just be able to copy the matrix and run it . the sh- . and i think the gradient boosting classifier is not that large of a computation graph to the point that we could easily port the inference ( ? ? ) . ( mar ) okay . i just i going to ask another practical question for which language pair is do we needed for the the the integration . ( ka ) the ones that we have fast systems for are german estonian do we have a fastest ( ? ? ) or do we have a slow system for czech , question for charles university . ( ro ) there is no student model trained by me or czech but is there is a teacher available a system that could be ( ? ? ) as a teacher . from the charles university we can easily build a student . ( ka ) noted . um . ( mar ) so is it into english or out of english or both . ( ka ) roman ? i think . ( ro ) for which system . ( mar ) all of the like we are saying . ( ka ) estonian in and out of english if i remember correctly . ( ro ) yes there is english is done in both directions english , spanish and both directions and english into german . so far . ( mat ) not german into english ? ( ka ) not at the time . but that would be a next for us to try . ( mar ) and and then show all of them are student models , right . ( ka ) yes . ( mar ) okay . and yeah . and they are trained without dropout . ( ro ) yes but if i did some experiments for training with dropout for the estonian ( ? ? ) . and it its not good thing to use dropout during training but if there is a trained with dropout and then ( ? ? ) without dropout . i 'm not sure if this maybe ( ? ? ) but this didnt harm the performance of the match . that ( ? ? ) . ( mar ) maybe we can ( ? ? ) think about it a little otherwise i can try to come up with some alternative of improving the lot ( ? ? ) maybe ( ? ? ) scaling or something simple to to . to improve them , if we can not use this ( ? ? ) recording like this drop mc dropout idea maybe yeah . maybe i ( ? ? ) something something different and easier yeah . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) dropout probability score teacher and the student model . maybe student needs much lighter dropout . ( mar ) yeah but in in any case if the models wasnt trained with dropout then when you use it to test time it it just doesnt yeah . ( ka ) sure sure , you are making me a bit worried because the students are much smaller and rough ( ? ? ) one of those things that consumes the extra space in models to add redundancy . so we would need to check that a student trained with dropout still does anything reasonable . ( mar ) oh okay can we just a quick question . roman does it does marian have temperature scaling impro- implemented . ( ro ) um , i dont think so . ( mar ) its its its a very simple thing its just dividing all the all the probabilities should ( ? ? ) to modulate the output distribution to make it less speaky for example and this improves calibration . so if we can not use this dropout ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) . ( mar ) oh okay ( ? ? ) labels moving , okay . ( ro ) no i turned off all the ( ? ? ) for training the students because the teacher generated data are already a kind of regularization ( ? ? ) . ( mar ) oh okay okay . ( ka ) generally the students are quite opiniotinated and they have sharp . ( mar ) yeah . ( ro ) yes they are basically ( ? ? ) models from the teacher data . ( mar ) yeah so this is ( ? ? ) an issue because if ( ? ? ) we will be using student models this can be this can be a issue so this we need to think about it . ( ka ) so . ( l ) maybe maybe we should having ( ? ? ) with dropout and fine tune it doesnt ( ? ? ) . does it mean we could do this with the current models the fast models . ( ro ) yes i could try ( ? ? ) training a student to have the one which seem dropout during the training at least in the part of the training . ( mar ) they the thing is how would we i mean ( ? ? ) out of time . sorry but how would we evaluate like if we try this how what would be used to to evaluate what would we use to see if it gets better . maybe some automatic matrix , do we have references for for the data yes . so maybe we can evaluate with the some . ( ka ) i mean we have wmt . ( mar ) yeah yeah yeah yeah . ( ka ) um , on a slightly tentential but also related point the czech people i presume you submitting the wmt 20 system for czech . ( o ) yes socially . its actually martin popel who is not on either of these projects . but so there will be some update . ( ka ) okay , um ? can we train a student of your wmt 20 submission , and also submit it to wmt . and the reason is our our evaluator , namely vat wants us to do him an evaluation of the quality dropping , and there is also quite strict about human evaluation . but if we submit it to wmt that we have submitted to own reviewers evaluation . ( o ) um hum yeah yeah yeah . yeah thats a good idea . so if i dont send an email myself michal or dusan please make sure that we get in touch . by when do you need that because i know that our gps are quite busy with martin popel 's jobs at the moment . so he is still training . ( ro ) i would say two weeks before you want to have ( ? ? ) or a student model . ( o ) yeah okay so . i 'll i 'll double check the deadlines which i keep forgetting ( ? ? ) been moved and if we give it if we have a final model for you ( ? ? ) three weeks before that that may be pretty soon actually . as maybe its not ( ? ? ) . is it . yeah so i 'll i 'll i 'll simply ask martin what he has now . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) by month maybe . ( ? ? ) translation task . ( o ) i 'm i 'm not sure myself . ( f ) i i think barry was in client to postpone anything . ( o ) yes . i 'm i 'm still thinking like its its the early june . i may be wrong . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) was june 15th that ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes . ( f ) thats the submission deadline i think data is out on the 8th ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes yes , exactly data is out on the 8th yes . this is what i remembered . ( ka ) right , okay , we 've spent . ( ? ? ) ( o ) technical things . ( ka ) on the well . ( z ) ( ? ? ) also just a minor point , we do not necessarily need for the for the student training i think we do not necessary need very best system . ( o ) yes . ( z ) thats thats cuni will be able to produce if you have reasonably good systems , ( ? ? ) . we still might get some reasonably good student out of it . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) well , i i 'd still wait . we wo- we wan na make it close , but to the final . ( z ) but i i would say we just make it in any time algorithm . at some point , we pull out the best we have and . ( ka ) yes . and i believe the number pulled out was two weeks , which given that its may 22nd . and the deadline is june 15th is . ( ro ) thats just a rough estimatation . i guess that the cuni will be in in ( ? ? ) , i guess . i dont know how ( ? ? ) training data . so that just a rough estimation . ( ka ) i 'm going to interpret this as shall we say may 29th ish we will take a system from cuni . ( o ) yes . yes . ( ka ) okay . and then start teacher student on that . okay , the . let me ask a well before some people probably dissapear should we have a meeting next week then since apparently we have a lot to talk about . ( o ) thats a good idea , there could be a clash with a demo that that we we we need to gift to the ( ? ? ) officer for elitr . but that doesnt actually actually none of the people except me are involved in the demo , so thats okay to take ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) okay . we we can have a meeting next week and ondrej is excused . thats only thing i 'm hearing ? ( o ) yes . ( ka ) i 'm gon na . on 29th at least the last bullet point is done . roman have we given scripts for building fast students to mozilla . ( ro ) no , its work in progress . but giving the scripts for training a student is not the issue . that the most time consuming . ( ? ? ) teacher scripts for training a teacher . its work in progress . ( ka ) we need to be able to report th- that systems are building at mozilla and i mean they they . they built a basic marian examples and we can build a student from that that will not be the most awesome student so if building a student is easy to deliver now i think we should deliver it now . and then we can go back and redo the teacher because part of the point is that this is supposed to be a reproducable rerunable ( ? ? ) . ( ro ) ( ? ? ) started doing . collecting my scripts into some basic baseline pipeline . not the one which gives the best possible students . ( ka ) its i 'm . executing my power to mute people by muting lucia . there we go . there is a microphone inside your keyboard . so , i think we should talk . little bit about browser integration that recognizes a point about user interface that i also want to ( ? ? ) . but probably the most important thing in the short term is . do- are we delivering everything to mozilla that they need to do browser integration . and thats a kelly question . ( l ) next week . sorry . ( k ) might make more sense since there is zero minutes left . ( ka ) we we will talk next week but if theres anything you would like to complain about do so now . ( k ) okay . i i dunno ( ? ? ) i mean in terms of ui ux i think there would probably be somehow ( ? ? ) . in terms of quality estimation at the same time i think lets say . ( ? ? ) i dunno depending upon what comes out of ui ux timing could be such thing . maybe ( ? ? ) rough something . to do ux ui ux for quality estimation . i guess also for quality estimation we will probably need ( ? ? ) . some ( ? ? ) integrating quality estimation into marian sort of pipeline maybe even server maybe ( ? ? ) before could be sort of ( ? ? ) newer estimation . ( ? ? ) or some boosting model . but that they are integrated into the server it would make us easy to integrate all pipeline . ( ? ? ) lets say much easier . ( ? ? ) two or three different server integrations . earlier the better . ( ka ) and you have a person starting june 1st , yes ? ( k ) correct yeah . ( ka ) okay , i guess we 'll meet them june 5th . uh , i am going to let people go for now , and move some agenda items to the next meeting . see you in a week and . we should try and make progress on like getting quality estimation in marian server . okay . thanks everybody . ( o ) yeah thanks . ( ka ) see you next week . ( o ) thank you bye bye . and kenneth once you had the recording in any form please let me know and i 'll put it i 'll i 'll give it anja who is collecting these things so . ( ka ) once i figure out how to use ( ? ? ) encoder drop video . ( o ) yeah yeah yeah . okay great thank you bye bye .", "tgt": "michal is working on improving word alignment . integrated qe to the ptakopet experiment . nice and fast english german translation system . second round of annotation would mark the quality of the quality estimation . isolate qe alignment component . ptakopet has user decision score from 1 to 6. do word level quality estimation ( end of the year 2020 ) . kenneth 's experiment is due at the end of june . integration is due at the end of july ."}
{"src": "( ka ) there is one for the review , and i can chat with the project officer and attach a file , ( o ) ok . so is that what you are going to do to ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) for the the two non deliverable reports , thats the plan . ( o ) yeah . so they should have this form that of deliverable just stating the different number ir and something . um and , yes , so after the internal review . we have very limited time . so like on monday when do we , how do we confirm that we are all happy , all happy with with the status of everything . the internal reviewers need to tell the authors the authors need to fix it . and then someone has to give you the big yes , on each of the files . so how do you plan this procedure . ( ka ) i 'm i 'm hoping we wont have to do all this steps of the procedure you 've just outlined . we , the reviewers and you know , who they are ( ? ? ) . ( o ) not the internal ones , i mean the internal ones . i 'm just asking like , how do you get the pd apps to upload , when d you get the pd apps to upload on monday , for the deliverables to the to the sigma reporting system and for the interim reports to this chat . ( ka ) okay . my understanding my plan is , i would like an email from people saying: `` yes , it is ready . '' ( o ) and thats it . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) pdf i am also capable of going into your overleaf and taking the pdf though . the risk of that . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( ka ) so if yu go actually , i take that back , the cleanest thing to do is in the coordination repository , there is a docs directory that has existing deliverables . you should upload your final pdf to there , i can send the ( ? ? ) to the . ( o ) yep , yeah , thats the best thing . and once its there you 'll just put it to the to the sigma . ( ka ) yes . ( o ) okay . ( ka ) and . ( o ) this has to happen on by monday and you say the hour . ( ka ) this has to happen by monday and when am i. i should figure out when i 'm travelling , i 'm actually going to be flying from toronto to amsterdam . that night . so thats fun . in theory the the hand it to me before 22:00cest . ( o ) okay . ( ka ) i will send instructions out in an email . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) if i dont see in the github i am going to grab something from your respective overleafs . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) which always bears the risks that there might be a sentence half completed . ( ? ? ) ( m ) that means they end of my 15 minutes . ( ka ) yes , probably . i think , you should bulk it up with numbers to include table that has sizes of raw data for all officially languages even if you dont intend to use all of them , or at least all the bergamot languages . ( m ) sure , yeah . will try . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) is not on the call . and , largely what happened there is . he has actually done the code , and the youtube video . i 'm getting kelly to update the youtube video , because its now lot faster , embarrassingly , slow . and he didnt seem to realize that there needed to be a report , that goes along with the deliverable . so kelly was informed explicitly about that , i think two days ago . when we noticed that he was introducing the report , and he is apparently working on one . and i told him what should be in there . but its what changes were necessary to decode include some screenshots . formally it is ( ? ? ) deliverable . so i think its more okay , and other deliverable , to primarily focus on here is a video here is the code that works sort of stuff . its planning primarily what was done there , but he still eeds to have a little pages , and he asks and he looked at the deliverable , we turned in for what was it 5.1 , which was also another deliverable . so thats going to be fun , and only to follow up with kelly , make sure this gets done on time . and now we have the edinburgh progress report that appears to have only two pages and an outline for what the rest of the report could be . ( kb ) hello everyone . here i am , sorry . and i have been working on developing the interface testing . so in thiscouple months , trying out different ways of actually capturing the information of behavior when they see , interacting with web browsers . so the way thats everything looking at this is measuring people 's uncomfortableness . by eye tracking , by ( ? ? ) , getting responses by heart rate , looking at how they interact , how do they feel about it . and what we were doing the manpulation is delaying the texts the translation text appearing , adding specific and controlled areas typical to machine translation like word ( ? ? ) . i see people responded to these kinds of situations , the reportings being a bit by bit in that . its more a theres gon na be more screenshots and more descriptions . there is a list of questions that were adressing both had to do with and just what other kinds of issues are in the user interface parts of it . so there is for example , ( ? ? ) tiny text here . do people always . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) tiny amout of text as well . ( kb ) do people want automatic translation or not . what about ( ? ? ) . should . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) we want to ask the question do people want automatic translation or not . that could either go well or destroy the project . ( kb ) well , okay . this is one of the considerations that you were talking about as robin . within the for example want ( ? ? ) mozilla has , built in their system . its a question , that is ( ? ? ) automatically translate . so , ( ? ? ) on that question , do we want that or not . what about when the text , how is text identified in different languages . so html has the and actual build that you can attach to any elements but what pages dont have , the specific language equals actuall ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) identify the language from it ( ? ? ) . ( kb ) we need to identify the language . what about webpages that have ( ? ? ) languages . within , do we translate each other ( ? ? ) languages ? the current state of a that we have in mozilla is , it shows us ( ? ? ) the languages that arent very many right now . and if theres a part of a language and some of that is not within that language then mozilla comes up with error message . and , stops working in the translation part of it , when you say please translate . so theres also different minor issues , there is the issue of how people feel out when there is ( ? ? ) in the ( ? ? ) language . ( ka ) the deliverable is a user interface for translation , the deliverable is not set of research questions , you can throw in some research questions , but the deliverable is largely here a user interface and here is what went into designing it . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) this is what i 've been talking about with robin . there is a user inteface already within mozilla , so we are exploring it . where . ( ka ) yes . ( kb ) defining out how people feel about this . this is what ( ? ? ) setting up . the experiment itself materially experiment the way that we capture the information ( ? ? ) particular software . that additionally only shows graphics , very still graphics . so and lots of the initial time that i 've been ( ? ? ) now has been getting using the api for the experiment software to actually show ( ? ? ) webpages where we can control what is being ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) i got around this for example is by having the local host cgi script . where ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , but . if i can interrupt ( ? ? ) what is the ( ? ? ) . already upcoming deliverables ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) experiment that you are proposing . should they have already been for included in the ( ? ? ) . ( kb ) at the moment , what we can show is screenshot so , how it is . we are just in process of capturing data from participants . we dont have any ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , so . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) participants . ( o ) i 'm very much interested in the results . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) . we have the authorisation from the university and we have . ( o ) yes , so i 'm i 'm very much interested ( ? ? ) results . ( ? ? ) . what that official ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) necessary , the the next deliverable to be clear is user interface with quality estimation . i , we have a user interface . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( ka ) and thats what the deliverable says we dont need an extension on having a user interface . so your report needs to say , this is the user interface , regardless of how much you are necessarily involved in designing that interface it is a user interface . and it says and you can talk about the design considerations that go into it in the decisions that were made . and you can talk about ( ? ? ) for experimenting on that user interface , everyone knows that this is a continuing project , and we should have clients to continue . but what you were primarily reporting is , we have done something . there is a user interface , you are not reporting , and we 're going to do these experiments thats more like a future work section of this ( o ) yeah , exactly . i think its just rewarding ( ? ? ) adding this important update , we are done with user interface . thats the clear message that has to be obvious from the deliverable . ( kb ) okay then , okay . ( ka ) or , we have a user interface ( kb ) we have a user interface . ( ka ) it will get better over the project . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) thats fine . and we 're going to do experiments with it , but we have a user interface . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) user interface right now . ( ? ? ) cgi script that shows text and . ( o ) thats totally okay . its a user interface . ( ka ) keep in mind , ( ? ? ) user interface includes everything ( ? ? ) in that youtube video from kelly . ( kb ) okay . sorry , yes , we do have ( ? ? ) user interface yes , and that is ( ? ? ) what we 've been talking about . ( ka ) yes , so you were writing possily 2 user interfaces , one of them is heres this thing in mozilla , and here is this thing we are using for more testing with users , you were writing that future plans that we 'll do experiments at the end , but the trust of the deliverable is a user interface , here is what its design is . and that includes mos- , for better or worse mozilla already did a lot of before you but you were the one reporting ( ? ? ) . ( kb ) okay , great . okay . yep . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) we need this done soon . ( kb ) yeah , monday . ( o ) no , ( ? ? ) review that . ( ka ) it need to be reviewed by monday . ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) and , we we can discuss who should be the reviewer , it can be someone from edinburgh ( ? ? ) picked up on fred but if it- if its more propriet for someone else , we can volunteer / tell them . fred would you like to make someone else a victim ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) who ? ( f ) ondrej . ( o ) so i 'm too busy , i can not promise ( ? ? ) ( f ) ( ? ? ) my question is . when is the first ( ? ? ) . ( kb ) first draft will be tonight . ( f ) okay . so i 'll have the first ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) sorry to interrupt , ( ? ? ) . reviewed by monday ( ? ? ) . ( o ) during monday yes . ( ma ) okay . ( ka ) the deliverable will be turned in on monday . and it should have been internally reviewed , and presumably responses to that review done before that . if you are editing someone 's grammar to make the sentence better . you find it ( ? ? ) just add it in the overleaf . if you have more structured comments send it to them . ( ma ) okay . ( ka ) we are largely following telling edinburgh people to do reviews of these datas . ( ? ? ) edinburgh people because our efficiency deliverable was last month . so we have some capacity for that . but we can have edinburgh people be the internal reviewer for ( ? ? ) work package . ( m ) so yeah , ( ? ? ) send it to me and it will be ready by ( ? ? ) . who is hackling the sound ? ( ? ? ) ( o ) yyeah , that is . thanks for switching of the echo . so so mark . what is your question ? ( m ) uh , no , no , no question ( ? ? ) i will reviewed it by monday morning , you have it . ( o ) yeah , ok thank you . so we 'll we 'll incorporate any added that are needed by monday morning ( ? ? ) we incorporate the edits during morning during monday , yes . ( m ) perfect . ( ka ) okay . charles university who ( ? ? ) . we were looking at it seemed ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) delivered . i notice actually ( ? ? ) right . you need to look at section one piont two , uh , charles universities deliverable , because there is a user interface there . ( o ) ( ? ? ) very useful . and also , i have a question like it is not related to these ( ? ? ) itself but a question for fred uh , for quality estimation , because your experiment , so far went only into sentence level quality estimation . what we need is word or token level quality , estimation , and , uh its as described here in in in this one point two in section one point two . we have actually switched to open ( ? ? ) because that seemed to work of better . but still , uh . we are very unhappy with the quality of quality estimation at word level . it is we are now in the a stage of of starting an experiment on people . so people will be using this user interface , and we will be looking at what they do how they added the text . oh , we are probably much sloppier in the experiment design than uh , than edinburgh , has the their plans for the user interface . so maybe there we . we would benefit from some of your . uh , your experience . but uh , for fred , the question was , '' uh , can we expect or what ? when when would the word level , uh , quality estimation get better . it is so much domain dependent , that we have switched it off for , uh , one part of the test set , which is , auto domain . and the in ( ? ? ) is essentially asking question about computers , like , how do i print pdf from this program . and and how do i have modify this picture in at ( ? ? ) ilustrator and so on . so this is the in the indomain data . and the out of domain data is the original motivation that we had for ( ? ? ) translation , like filling , uh filling forms or a ( ? ? ) . we . we have added also one section , which is on squad so , asking anything which in squad is highlighted so that we are like more in touch with with recent data sets as well . but these non , it types of texts are totally , uh , like badly quality . quality destination does not work for them . so we switched that off of the . what can we be long-term expect any improvement here ? . ( f ) yes , at some point yes , how , i mean not how , but when i can not really tell because we have , uh somebody at a moment , revamping ( ? ? ) for that . so focus was mostly sentenced ( ? ? ) um , but for your experiment . maybe we could just train train . ( ? ? ) that you could use for just your experiment . ( o ) so we we . we have that we will use open que for the part which is in domain . we have trained it with the with the data that is available . but i do not know how to do domain adaptation properly for . ( ma ) i think we ( ? ? ) . and not for this year , but regarding the domain thing from from what the experiments i have have have had with an unsupervised part unsupervised parts the advantages that it is not or is not supposed to be sensible to the domain at all . so all the domain data , you will just get low scores , but i have not done any experiments yet with word level that is the thing , so for now . ( o ) so there is nothing no- no action to do now , and nothing to a reflect this directly in the deliverable that this is just for us to uh , to uh , like be aware of the problem and plan some work on on that . uh , for the upcoming months . ( ma ) ok , so for you it is very important to have quality estimation performing well on our ( ? ? ) domain ( o ) yes . ( ma ) yes , ok ok . ( f ) what , what type of medel do you use ? is it ( ? ? ) ( o ) well . i do not know that is that is what we landed so . it is whatever is not written in the in section one point two is , is something that we ( ? ? ) so he knows all the details . ( f ) one point two ok . ( ? ? ) ( o ) so , uh , since we are discussing our ( ? ? ) report . it has two main parts one is on the . well it has . it has like the interaction ( ? ? ) maybe the structures maybe the internal ( ? ? ) . ok . so the the first part is on source complexity estimation . and the idea is that uh . this is like a substitute for the quality estimation . quality estimation , a checks which output words are unreliable . and the through word-alignment . you can map it back and ask the user to modify the source words that leads to these a suspicious output words . the source complexity is a model , which operates directly on the source , maybe with some knowledge about the with the machine translation system or whatever , uh . and it predicts already based on the source , which parts of the source will it translated . so there is like two sources of information and the user will then see both of them , and uh , the based on this , these type of information that the user will modify the source and ( ? ? ) the , and and and the ( ? ? ) see again , how this got translated . and hopefully the the estimation , the quality estimation will confirm that now with the re- rewarding of the output of the ( ? ? ) is better . so , this is the building blocks that we are working on . and for the source complexity , uh , building block . we describe one , uh , ( ? ? ) detail experiment ? but unfortunately , the ( ? ? ) score of this is very low , uh , that is because we have to create the the training data by adopting the available post-editing data so it is not . there is no directly available , uh source complexity , anotated data . and and the big , probably because of this data mismatch . uh , the performance is bad . what have plans what to do next . how to employ the the crossing ( ? ? ) language models that have that operate on the concatenation of of source and target sentences with the with the transformer language model style . so this is something what- that we briefly mention in the in the collision there . so that is the first building block the source complexity . and then the second building block is the ( ? ? ) the user interface . and the integration of these- of the support tools . so the ( ? ? ) is something , which gives you the it is . it is in figure one on page ten in the in the interim report . it gives you the source text field where you enter your text . it gives you the target translation by some machine translation system , and the user is not expected to understand this language . and it also shows you the back translation to the the source language which which you can validate . and there is the highlighting on on the various , quality estimation stuff . and and of this user interface . we are going to ask people checks who do not speak any german to formulate german sentences , a questions , uh . but for example , for the squad team or a questions related to the it domain . but that is where the where the equality estimation data comes from . and we will see to what extent as they will be able to formulate good german sentences . so ( ka ) ( ? ? ) german systems ? ( o ) we have some . ( ka ) okay . ( o ) yeah , so we will we build some , and we we we have put that together . so this the the from the the like the birds ( ? ? ) . so the birds for you or the the overview picture of this um should include the aspect that , the better the empty systems are the less useful , and then ad the more risky this the whole uh , set up will be , because if your empty system is very good , the quality estimation will be less reliable , and the user 's will be left , uh less in in a void uninformed about the quality of the machine translation , uh there is many language pairs . where you can not expect high quality mashine translation . so there is still have plenty of use cases where this fully makes sence and czech germany 's is like on the border . there is , uh of the the quality is , uh , can be already good . and if you go ( ? ? ) english . it can also be reasonably good but direct czech german data . data is not readily collected in in huge amounts . so this it was like the the middle ground . but there , i think that maybe in some later , iterations of of this experiment . we should also try with some even less resource language pairs then czech german . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) been building estonian systems . ( o ) yeah . yeah , so that but that would obviously require at least in one of the anotators groups people who are able to a judge estonian . so we do not have mark on the call any anymore . but this is something that uh , that we can plan . so i to to finish our experiment design its very simple , and i would like the the experience from edinburgh to refine this . maybe before we started , we are actually just starting now . uh , so early next week , after the deliverable . uh , is is . uh , done . we should get in touch with you . uh , and and like ask for your experience . what what should we prepare better ? our current plan is to have to have well six people , each doing a pe-defined set of questions and we 'll be recording their activity not with the fancy devices like eyetracker we 'll just be recording what they entered and how they modify their text and then will somehow analyze the logs , but we dont have clear set of research questions . we dont have the ideas . what what to extract from the lock . so this is something that that we we would like to discuss . and then when they finish , the result will be their german output from people who didnt speak german so we will then ask someone . it will be harder for us to find , but we will still some someone find someone to judge whether the german question was sufficiently well formulated even by people who didnt speak german . so this will be the second test whether whether whether the user interface allowed to to to do the job . ( f ) how many people did you say you wanted to test ? ( o ) just six for now , because , well , well , this is we we scale it small . as a first attempt , but we can we have more people who have more potential anotators to to do it . so this is these constants are something that we totally like made up . and we can modify based on your experience . what what is the a sensible number . ( kb ) okay , yeah , usually , you need more people than that . ( o ) yeah , so this is this is is like this is like the first ( ? ? ) . and also , we know that the quality estimation model underneath , is is is bad . so this is like the first try to see if everything works , and we are happy to redo it . with a larger number of people when all the things are stable . ( kb ) okay , yeah . okay , so this is like the ( ? ? ) study . ( o ) yeah , yeah , exactly . ( kb ) aha , okay . definitely . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so and then the last part . there is actually a little red , czech text i see in section 1.3. but this section 1.3 should not appear here at all , i believe , because this is brief description of the papers that we have put bergamot acknowledgment to . so this should this should go somewhere else . ( ka ) i dont really know , where else it goes . ( o ) we can leave , we can leave it here . i just remove the red text and explain like these papers are not directly related to ( ? ? ) translation . they are related to well , various topics , the the quality at the document level , the low resource translation and the and the noise in the ( ? ? ) text . ( ka ) you yo- , be careful . what you dont want to be doing is telling the panel here are some papers that we charge bergamot for and are unrelated to the work package . ( o ) well so thats why it should not appear here . not in ( ? ? ) translations , but it should report , it should be reported somewhere in in like the interim progressive ( ? ? ) of the project as a whole . because after all , we need to deliver good documenting level translation for noisy input , uh , and uh , all that . so all these papers fit very well in the overall goal . but they fit badly in the alban translation goal . ( ma ) sorry , but do we have anything on document level translation in the project . ( o ) well not specifically , but if you are translating a webpage and you go ( ? ? ) terms . ( ma ) yeah , yeah , yeah , sure no its very important to ( ? ? ) translating webpages . ( ka ) we dont ( ? ? ) have it . but ( ? ? ) argued that is relevant to translation quality . ( o ) so is there any like overview report , where you would be stating like all the work packages run as expected . and this is the publications ever created . and this is how they fit into the overall project goal . ( ka ) there will definitely be an interim report . i think ( ? ? ) and a final report . and the final report will be about everything . ( o ) yeah . ( ka ) so . but but for this semi-formal deliverable , under the impression that , semi-formal review . i dont know , i hope there is ( ? ? ) overall report , because i havent been writing one ( ? ? ) under the impression that one is not required . ( o ) yeah . so we 'll probably just comment these ( ? ? ) then . and we will have the text , we know it its there , so we can resuse it then in the interim report by month 18 , or if you find out that you have to ( ? ? ) or you report on monday , you can use these paragraphs . they they do exactly what what you ask them to , so they relate the papers to the goal of bergamot . ( ka ) and we will be giving presentations . so we , after all of this was over , we 'll talk about schedule for the call . which included overall presentation , but not quite okay submitted text . ( o ) yeah . for now , we should probably just comment this out . so i 'll i 'll write in red for mark . when he will be reviewing this , that this section is going to be commended out because it does not fit here . and if we find place it it will be reported for the project as a whole . ( ka ) okay . so . some of these things where you are doing my building resource machine translation systems that can probably go to integration . ( o ) yes , so . ( ka ) so you ( ? ? ) to kelly . ( o ) yeah . yes , so since hes not on the call , and you are probably in touch with could you let him know , or i dont know where where his report is is growing . ( ka ) there are two reports that i 'm most worried about that said kelly ( ? ? ) the deliverables ( ? ? ) more of a the code works . but i will be following up ( ? ? ) after this call . ( o ) yeah , okay . yeah ? ( f ) do you know how , runs the ( ? ? ) server , or just load them ( ? ? ) . ( o ) he he has to have as a server so he has wrapped it in some way , so that it responses to like request and and he has ( ? ? ) in like very thin server thing . ( f ) okay , so do you know if he has any indication time of memory print and time to produce ( ? ? ) . ( o ) we , it was it seems usable for the pilot study , but thats the only thing that i can say , we have not i dont know if he has measured , it was like acceptable for the user to to like weight and and then reformulate the sentence . it it seems reasonable . but its , we should properly but we dont have these numbers . ( f ) just to know . okay we will have to work on that as well . yeah . all right , thanks . ( ka ) okay . ( o ) oh , we got nick . ( ka ) nick . nick you joined right at the end of the call . i i i think . ( n ) oh right ( ? ? ) . i 'm sorry . ( ka ) i 'm sure a leader will ( ? ? ) going over the transcript of this . so . anyway , the . we will clean our deliverables i 'd like to thank sheffield and charles university for having progress on them , though we appear we still be some things to do on both of your so please dont drop the ball on that . and i will follow up more directly with the two deliverables i am most worried about , and send an email to everyone about our submission . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( f ) all right . ( ma ) okay . ( ka ) bye everybody . ( o ) yeah , thanks . ( ma ) bye , thank you . goodbye . ( f ) bye bye . ( n ) bye .", "tgt": "kelly done the code and youtube video . developing the interface testing . telling edinburgh people to do reviews of datas . datas are not readily collected in huge amounts . clean deliverables . next deliverable is user interface with quality estimation . user interface need to be reviewed by monday ( 30 . 09 . 2019 ) . current plan to have six people doing pre-defined set of questions ( recording their activity ) ."}
{"src": "( o ) so that sound as a possible option to me , so lets hope that mozilla will then like ( ? ? ) acceptable as well . ( kb ) ( ? ? ) should be the person say yes or no . there is one ( ? ? ) document ( ? ? ) that robin and i will not convinced about , ( ? ? ) a manual coding of the translations . we didnt see the need for having that , and that really complicates the experiment exponentially , rather just as you have it , the the score of the use of confidence is our pendant measure , and that is good enough . we think . ( r ) so rather than the manual the manual coding . they are human evaluation , or anything that thats separate that can become that doesnt have to be done online or attached to the experiment , because nobody is doing the experiments ( ? ? ) feedback . so that can be that can be a separate thing afterwards . ( o ) it was always , it was always planned as a secondary phase afterwards , so ( ? ? ) gathered the outputs where the user who is typing text in language is doing their best , ( ? ? ) outputs and then we sort a unique them as well and we validate them only once , obviously . but we find it is critical , because if the user is confident , and still the messages that they produce are totally distorted then we have not done the job well . ( r ) yeah , that that is like that that , what we are just saying , is that separate from the actual experiment . so that that is almost we do not need to worry about that . ( ? ? ) thats a different ( ? ? ) afterwards . ( kb ) and testing the hypothesis of user confidence in the outbound translation . ( o ) yeah . ( kb ) which is what its all about . ( mi ) it is about , so can you hear me now clearly ? ( r ) yes . ( mi ) so hopefully it will stay . like this . so its the first stage , is the measuring of how confident is the user , but as ondra said , its very important . to measure if if like translation was correct . and it was the relevant to the the the the the ( ? ? ) to the input . so but i agree that this is the second stage , and like the outputs will be in czech . so this is our responsibility to find an updator to to the results . now , in this thing we are doing from english to czech . translation . ( r ) ok , yeah . ( kb ) you talk about having two models of translation as well , some low quality and high quality was that might be an interesting question . i 'm not quite sure how that would ( ? ? ) john , you the confidence at this stage or outbound translation . and whether the show back translation or the paraphrasing on . ( mi ) like the idea behind , two systems with different qualities , like we thought about straining empty system on like small amount of data , the idea behind is that . ( o ) is not really small , is like medium medium sized . ( mi ) oh medium sized ok . ( o ) ( ? ? ) 50 million but something to do 1 in 10 million . ( mi ) yea . it it it cant be too small , because then the like the translation will be very poor , and it we will get nothing from the from the from the experiment . but the idea was that our system like the state of the art , or the best systems in english to czech are we think that are too good to , that for us to see any or to get any result from the experiment . in the mozilla cases we think that the , the translation will be good at the first , without any paraphrasing by the user , because the ( ? ? ) only are very sur- , or like so far , we are collecting some ( ? ? ) from the real real world forms , and they are like opt to 20 30 words or like from 10 to 30 words , so that the sentences are not very long . ( r ) great . just we do not need to discuss this bit just at the moment . do you have then your database or a collection of your for example stimuli . ( ? ? ) we 've got the pizza ( ? ? ) but you got quite few like that . so yeah if we didnt have a look at them ( ? ? ) that 'd be great . ( mi ) yeah , definitely , we have to we have to call in our small group . ( r ) yeah . ( mi ) ( ? ? ) so far and . ( r ) yeah . we 'll do that ( ? ? ) we dont to bother the . ( mi ) yeah , yeah yeah . ( kb ) ok then . ( ka ) please put some notes in the document . now , that lucia is here . will one quick question about the meeting , ( ? ? ) and wednesday the 11th is the most popular option , but there are also a few 16th 17th through the 19th , and you have the opportunity to express an opinion . ( l ) is it march or february . ( ka ) march . ( l ) allright . ( ka ) you voted not march 11th . ( l ) oh ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) uh , okay . ( l ) they are both fine they are both fine . i dunno why i have n't voted march 11th . ( o ) so then ( ? ? ) choose mars- march 11th because we have the . ( ma ) yeah my last question is , ( ? ? ) 11th 12th or the 10th 11th . ( ? ? ) doodle . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) construction ? ( ma ) sorry , i 'll close the window yes it is . ( r ) is that where are you holding meeting is it just getting ready . ( ma ) no i mean its all ready its all ( ? ? ) already . its done , its the other building . ( ? ? ) delta 2 where will be hosting ( ? ? ) companies and startups and so on and this is been built . ( ? ? ) i shut the window it should be more quiet now . ( ka ) march 11th and then its either the 10th to the 12th ( ? ? ) lose different people on that day . ( ma ) 12th i think 11th 12th should be fine especially since i 'm teaching on the 10th . ( l ) me too . ( ma ) ( ? ? ) open the ( ? ? ) but yes . lets stay with 11th 12th , i 'll see if i can update this closed doodle something , 12th it is then . ( ka ) done . and then going back to ( ? ? ) domain adaptation the the question i put in here , which is uh , somewhat root question ask is . are there thing ( ? ? ) should be integrating into the empty ( ? ? ) actionable domain adaptation . ( ma ) all of our current developmentsaffect the training , all the all the little like the additional information past to the models and so on . we are not yet working on the translation time ( ? ? ) any kind of parameters . so what we should do is compare with ( ? ? ) with this ( ? ? ) english and others and what ( ? ? ) did ( ? ? ) estonian . so because that in the end is just training a new system and deploying it . that thats , the other things we should discuss . ( ka ) so if you are training with the domain labels , do you have something , i presume that can label domains based on the content and the metadata ? ( ma ) this is still under experiments , we already have this based on the text , so by the similarity of the text ( ? ? ) particular domain ( ? ? ) also side ( ? ? ) so so that it in the end is like just ( ? ? ) models . and we are testing how much quality we are losing ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) the miltulingual model is good because actually under efficiency we promise to ( ? ? ) . ( ma ) yeah , thats one of the points i 've been trying to ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) domain adaptation due june , so ( ? ? ) . or finalizing it . ( ka ) wait , ( ? ? ) only finalizing training time domain adaptation or inference time domain adapt- . ( ma ) they ( ? ? ) reports to the comission , our training times ( ? ? ) due june . and then our testing time stuff is due 27th month . month 27th of the ( ? ? ) . was it 27- i think it was 27th , yea so next ( ? ? ) . not this march but next march . but i mean there is already stuff to integrate its just we dont have the numerous ( ? ? ) test to actually give you the one best thing with paper to just support it . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) yeah one time domain adaptation 31st part . ( ma ) yep . ( ka ) yeah , i 'm i 'm not asked ( ? ? ) for like on the fly to adapt to the user run training . and more asking if if you needed domain label to go and ( ? ? ) mt systems and you need something thats going to label the document with that domain label . ( ma ) sure . we have some solutions for it and we are testing more . the solutions we have have not been tested on the bergamot data ( ? ? ) and so on . and they do not use the metadata the user the the rest of the context or some , they just use the text being translated either full text or sentence . which is basically comparing the sentence or document embeddings to the ( ? ? ) of the domain embeddings . and we have the supervised train prediction also for clasifying domains into ( ? ? ) as well . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) running ( ? ? ) on the sentence in order to classify the domain . ( ma ) what we tested so far no it wasnt ( ? ? ) it was more like ( ? ? ) . so ( ? ? ) embedding . computing the fix of embedding of a sentence based on the ( ? ? ) and then ( ? ? ) . ( o ) my ( ? ? ) question to what as the ( ? ? ) perfomance degrade if you test on general domain test set . so how over specific is that . in case you make your prediction bad . w- w- what is the coast , it ( ? ? ) hopefully there it would be small . but . ( ma ) um , the the answer is that each sentence of the general domain test set would be classified as one of the domains ( ? ? ) similar to . and then translated as such but , we are still looking ( ? ? ) comparisons ( ? ? ) to tell you how much we are losing or gaining or whatever . we have some ( ? ? ) from last year where we actually gaining a lot , ( ? ? ) if we compare to just ignoring the domain influence just doing general domain translation we 're actually gaining if we tell all the domains and then translate the ( ? ? ) one of them . ( ? ? ) but that was like sometime ( ? ? ) different data ( ? ? ) looking for more massive explorations so that we could actually claim more ( ? ? ) yes this is the way to go or we are not losing ( ? ? ) this is acceptable . ( o ) thank you , and ( ? ? ) question there is ( ? ? ) if you are doing the domain adaptation or choice of the model for individual sentences , would n't that negatively affect the ( ? ? ) , i know that we are not doing any document level translation . but still if the model is the same accurs the whole document then ( ? ? ) stay more stable . so this domain adaptation at the sentence level could actually be better ( ? ? ) overall document level impression . ( ma ) ( ? ? ) sentence level stuff we definitely will take also the document ( ? ? ) adapt to the whole document because that might be more stable ( ? ? ) . i dont have any results to confirm or ( ? ? ) yet , but this is definitely on the list . ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . ( ma ) ( ? ? ) things just on the list and not already on the table and this is why i have n't yet been pushing the lets integrate all of this together and so on ( ? ? ) they are actually doing . ( ka ) what i 'll include from this is probably a first version , possibly ( ? ? ) all the way to launch has not been included domain adaptation , but thats fine because ( ? ? ) project plan . ( ma ) you mean at the end of the project . ( ka ) i keep feeling like maybe this is not an achievable goal given that is mozilla hiring but , i have this ( ? ? ) about launching just a translation feature well before the end of the project . ( ma ) okay . for me the main issue currently the main thing to integrate would be just add or use ( ? ? ) in marian , ( ? ? ) already layered right . ( ka ) there is ( ? ? ) factors and marian now . ( ma ) right . so then most of most of , if you have factors and if they are ( ? ? ) of each token and corresponding factors , then thats what we are testing now . i mean planning to get something more exciting but this is ( ? ? ) using ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) if we can use more than one ( ? ? ) then actually we can put superior work ( ? ? ) . and port , so then no c or c + + development has to be done to any ( ? ? ) its only just training specific models , and adding of course a component for you know guessing the the domain and which ( ? ? ) runtime . ( ka ) yeah . apparently we also have ( ? ? ) . okay , we are gon na move on to translation systems which is actually actually re- r- related topic to us anyway . but we we . we have been optimized estonian system that ramon sent around a while ago . if we go really crazy with memories with size of model distributed , which is not the same thing actually is memory size to decode . then ( ? ? ) had one 4 megabytes . keep in mind there is quality loss when you go that far . 40 for model size or 40 for . okay , and then presumably activations ( ? ? ) memory ( ? ? ) . and , it says ramon 's not here but , and i realize empty is sometimes a black magic especially when you have different amounts of training data and different qualities of training data . i would like to be moving to place where atleast we have a good baselines recipe for optimizing assisting that mozilla can be running to scale to more languages . and that means we should be taking this ( ? ? ) atleast reproducing the estonian model or perhaps at different language with similar steps on the mozilla cluster , which is ( ? ? ) one of our deliverables . and ( ? ? ) i hate to break it to you kelly but the the recipe for training these fast systems is actually rather expensive in telling building ( ? ? ) of 4 big models and then using that to forward translate a bunch of stuff , and then doing model ( ? ? ) by training yet another model everything thats been translated through it . ( k ) in terms of just it so i have ( ? ? ) in terms of like what gpu 's you train on ( ? ? ) how long does it take for ( ? ? ) figure ( ? ? ) da da da da da . ( ka ) we are primarily training on either rtx2080ti because thats what we have downstair these days . or p100 's but only because thats what the supercomputer has . ( k ) ( ? ? ) sorry , go ahead . ( ka ) inference is actually fairly expensive but its also embarrassingly parallel . i think for the reason we did estonian is supposed to german as it as you correctly indicated it , amount of time varies vastly depending on the language . so a german system it could expect weak ( ? ? ) gpu machine . and estonian system more ( ? ? ) and that i dont have a concrete number , because ramon is n't here . but . ( k ) like i 'm not so , surprised ( ? ? ) . sounds like we have the notes we have are similar to notes we have some ntoes with ( ? ? ) like 8 of them ( ? ? ) i guess whatever . 2080ti 's ( ? ? ) and also have some notes with 8 ( ? ? ) rgx 6000 's , those with the ones you could probably get ( ? ? ) , like about twice as input for speech recognition stuff ( ? ? ) notes . it usually trains stuff for speech recognition ( ? ? ) two weeks something ( ? ? ) its not ( ? ? ) what ( ? ? ) more less . ( ma ) for last ( ? ? ) we are actually using v100 's with 32gb 's of ram and its v100 so v100 just because ( ? ? ) cluster people are scared of getting rtx 's and such things because you know , nvidia scary dont put user great stuff in your clusters and so on and even those that system state like even if you take 7 ( ? ? ) like 2 or 4 then the system will training at least ( ? ? ) couple of weeks . for you know like big big production scale stuff . ( k ) you know i mean ( ? ? ) surprise . its a basically ( ? ? ) what we 've seen before ( ? ? ) doing . ( ka ) we still have some ( ? ? ) as well , so . ( ? ? ) train on them . i , okay first we are going to get marian building and compiling and all that at mozilla and then we should be transferring ( ? ? ) the structure , and probably either the same language . and hit the ( ? ? ) to send ( ? ? ) doing other language and then just totally get something for wmt in terms of results . ( k ) i mean i 'd be voting for just the sanity check first . especially for starting with a new system . do everything like sanity check ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) okay . ( ma ) sorry everyone else i have to excuse myself . bye ( r ) bye , see ya . ( ka ) last point , moved to the last because we were ( ? ? ) join later and call quality estimation . i put 2 token points in there , one of them being the the feedback we got from yvette about our evaluating quality estimation . ( f ) yeah , so basically yvette question was regarding the statistical significance of the improvement and we reported for the ( ? ? ) for quality estimation so . in the report we submitted the day of the deadline thanks ( ? ? ) , we computed these statistical significance , and we discussed the results so that that point was adressed she also mentioned i think thats a the 7 point . collaboration with clooney . so there is nothing that have been done ( ? ? ) at the moment , but ( ? ? ) put some points into the reporte that also been addressing the report . marian has been working uite a lot on her upvote ( ? ? ) , so we extended the report that we submitted in the september with more ( ? ? ) for unsupervised qe and we also improved the comparison between her work and my work instead ( ? ? ) open source ( ? ? ) available in term of open source code . ( ? ? ) correspond to the state of the as as said but thats what we have at the moment . so we also reported results on that and ( ? ? ) complete the what i said about the data individuals to compute about what said about the data . ( l ) i dunno what how much it was mentioned already but this is you are talking about new data right ? ( f ) yes . ( l ) so this is data that was collaborated was created in collaboration with a facebook basically was funded by facebook . we had not budgeted for any data collection for quality estimation on our side , and and bergamot . so this was an opportunity basically to get data for the shared task , but also , which is useful for at least . so we have german and have estonian , among other languages , so have six in total . and so this is yeah , this have been very helpful in ( ? ? ) . one set of experiments that we report in the deliverable the other one after it had been using other wmt data that we had already collected but for other languages . so um , yeah . ( f ) so yeah , on our side the that it would have been delivered . ( o ) ( ? ? ) for the collaboration was charls university , i delivered also delivered much being done currently and i think that so actually i do not know the details so maybe robin or michal the connection is good can correct me on whether there is the quality estimation ( ? ? ) included in the in the ( ? ? ) study or not . and if its not included , the question is whether there would be any quality estimation interphrase for people typing english and ( ? ? ) czech so , from english into czech . would that be something that you could have , that would immediately create the the collaboration that we are signed for . ( f ) yeah , sorry so i just um , like to mention that when i said there is nothing much done so far . i was i was thinking about ( ? ? ) not ( ? ? ) . for what mark said about the domain adaptation . anyway for the ( ? ? ) part , i think ( ? ? ) i forgot his name , he integrated the formal version of the code based on deep quest . and he was not really happy about and i understand why . so we have new version coming soon . that should be easily integratable in the tool . and so now we have data for estonian and and so we already had ( ? ? ) for german so we can we can also produce train models for those languages and then see how it performs in the interface yeah . we also had a , we also shared some predictions not the best but some predictions for people from wup1 , using the interface so matej and robin . i just thought about that now , that so basically for the mockup i think it was , shared ( ? ? ) a few sentences and ( ? ? ) and just produce some predictions and give them idea how it looks like . and what that ( ? ? ) we could report , but that that that has to be refined anyways . ( r ) we were also wondering ( ? ? ) because we 've got we are suggesting markey 's as high low and that label . what thresholds you are good to suggests for what cases ( ? ? ) quality estimation okay and in order to sort of break it down into human usable search of ( ? ? ) . ( f ) so what what i mentioned in the ( ? ? ) is that it all depends on the the quality label that you consider . if you said lets say you want to ( ? ? ) because thats when you ( ? ? ) to . hdr we know that its when its about lets say 30 thats bad translation right , when its under 10 or 15 it considered as good but still noisy . so it all depends on the ( ? ? ) label that you want to to report . so that is also something we need to discuss further . ( r ) yeah , yeah , yes yes . to be honest , we dont know thats why we are hoping ( ? ? ) ideas . so yeah . thats right . ( f ) yeah . so for instance ( ? ? ) data collected , ( ? ? ) necessarily hdr . so lets say it will depend on we can investigate what to what extend ( ? ? ) says thats a good quality or thats a bad quality and differentiate ( ? ? ) based on that . ( l ) yeah we have we have a ( ? ? ) idea on what the threshold should be there for the new data cause the way it was collected its ready following this guidelines like from 0 to 20 ( ? ? ) from 20 to 30 that and so on . so we would probably go for um , translation that is understandable ( ? ? ) might not be entirely gramatical , i guess that would be a good a good starting point . but um , yeah so so i actually lost ( ? ? ) . this tool that fetch mission that was integrated in the ui ( ? ? ) models running in the background which were not good , fred can you remind me what they were . ( f ) good question . ( o ) in the final study that we ( ? ? ) in the originally english german beta where we translated the english ( ? ? ) to czech , and the pilot ( ? ? ) was czech anotators who were trying to produce text in german and they didnt speak german . so the quality estimation was supposed to indicate ( ? ? ) back transfering the the highlighting in the in the from the german side to the czech source , but it it was it was some highlight bad translation in german going from czech . so part of this ( ? ? ) could have also been called by the translation that we did for the origin data set , but we landed a czech and it didnt see so . so we we have we had like comperetive evaluation , the original data and the czech as the source and it was ( ? ? ) , its in the deliverable . so , there was it was possibly the domain mismatch that is more likely the reason but in any case the current experiment is going to be run on different set of languages because its mainly done in edinburgh like i mean , it will be done anotators will be english speakers who are trying to produce text ( ? ? ) which i do not understand , so the quality estimation has to go from english into czech , and i wnder how do we go along this , there is probably no way to create data for czech , so the only option that we have would be like secondary parallel experiment that we ( ? ? ) internally considering something like that , that was ( ? ? ) maybe from estonian or something like that . so ( ? ? ) have the quality estimation for , and i think its possible to transfer the source side , of an anotated qe data set , but its impossible obviously to transfer the target side . so you have estonian right ? ( l ) yeah . we have estonian and thats actually . domain is wikipedia . ( o ) wikipedia . ( l ) so a selection of ( ? ? ) articles , and wikipedia ( ? ? ) various domains but yeah . source is wikipedia . ( o ) so if if michal can can follow this , i 'm not sure about the the ( ? ? ) connection , this is definitely the thing that we should consider for the parallel run , which is planned or considered in addition to the domain one done collaboration with with edinburgh . ( l ) so so the data is al- is actually the other direction estonian into english . ( o ) oh , thats bad . thats too bad . ( l ) thats right , ( ? ? ) . ( f ) yeah . ( l ) so , into like we do have english into german , which we could use . ( o ) and thats a new data set . ( l ) thats new as well . thats also wikipedia , the only slight issue there is a lot of the data is very high quality translation ( ? ? ) , so we tried very hard to select like a range of quality . the vast majority is either perfect or very close to perfect . ( o ) yeah , this is probably mentioning while you were ( ? ? ) not on the call , we need to test the ( ? ? ) translation on some ( ? ? ) and not the ( ? ? ) . ( l ) yeah , yeah . so so so wait , so its a problem because you cant transfer the annotation ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes . ( l ) but this annotation would be somewhat not easy ( ? ? ) go from the estonian to the . ( ka ) all ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah that was ( ? ? ) . ( l ) i was just saying so what did you transfered exactly because , ( ? ? ) because this is not word level annotation this is . ( o ) oh , this is segment level annotation . ( l ) yes , segment level . ( o ) okay , so we we definitely need a word level annotation . so that our question . ( l ) wait . yeah , we will have word level annotation for the german data as well we will be ( ? ? ) edited but then its again same column . which might be like good for the experiment . ( o ) the domain would be at least closer to the the general text that we are working now , so thats but it also has the problem of the very good or ( ? ? ) translation . so if you if you were planning any further annotations , then for the word level i would suggest going from english into estonian for example , mark is not on the call anymore . but this is something that we could use , because we could transfer the english source into czech and we would have the the czech to or even english into estonian is is a viable test because many people speak english and is easy for us to get czech people , so its easy to experiment with going either from czech or from english , and estonian is a language where you , its a , only few people speak that except many colleagues from mark obviously , so its it makes sense to do the outbound setup in that way , so imagine foreigner living in estonia , i know that estonia is is very progressive in in supporting foreign languages especially english also in the official domain but still it is a nice example of like smaller country whether very specific language so it it matches the the natural use case for outbound translation . ( l ) so so , i mean the other option is ( ? ? ) to collect anything ( ? ? ) czech already rather than going ( ? ? ) and having to transfer . ( o ) so if we go for estonian instead of czech it will force us in the project to show more collaboration , so that that can be seen as bad as well and we also collected for czech , yes thats . ( l ) i mean so what you need in this case , we actually so you need a proper like setup for training and quality estimation models , so we we we talking about at least a few thousand ( ? ? ) . ( o ) no , this is something that you will . ( l ) yeah yeah , no i 'm just trying to ( ? ? ) so this is an actual model is not ( ? ? ) labels that you trying to use . for the ui interface for the test only , you actually want to prediction rather than the ( ? ? ) annotation . or is there a ( ? ? ) enough . in the stage . ( o ) no , we we need the model because the user is typing something ( ? ? ) and they are changing their mind , so the translation is always changing , and we want to highlight the translation what should they keep changing and what can they like use already . because it is probably translated well . ( r ) yeah , the current interface is interactive . it is not just the yeah , static . ( l ) okay . ( o ) so lets leave that open , i dont think we need any decision at this point . ( l ) yeah yeah yeah , but but yeah we need to think about it , because i dont think it makes sense to if we need word level annotation . i dont think it makes sense to anything with estonian radical to czech correctly . ( o ) okay . ( ka ) so whether it is ( ? ? ) the special meaning of ui , quality estimation and outbound translation people . ( l ) good question , should have on . ( f ) well on the second ( ? ? ) right ? ( l ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) i think the issue ( ? ? ) like remotely obviously . so thats thats , are you still online ? ( l ) who ? ( o ) michal . ( mi ) yeah , i 'm here i 'm here , yeah , so we can if you can hear me or ( ? ? ) , yeah we can arrange in in a few weeks something ( ? ? ) . and i had remark to the from english to czech , isnt there or ondra , tell me you have a better insight into like the empty systems from english to estonian . arent they , you know because we are thinking about 2 systems for czech take , and the second one with the medium sized data . and we were also thinking about estonian as the language with less resources then czech has . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( mi ) so that was also the reason in our internal meeting why we wanted to work with estonian . in the second in the parallel experiment . ( o ) exactly , yeah . ( mi ) yeah . ( o ) so this is this is one argument supporting estonian as the language where the word level annotation of qe should be done . because it is a language , which is naturally a mid resource compared to czech . ( mi ) yeah , yeah . okay , so , but we can discuss it in in like in a separate meeting . ( l ) can anyone setup doodle ? ( o ) yeah i think it would good , so that the this call was or this meeting was was planned between charles university and edinburgh primarily , but i think it would be very good to invite sheffield and the lucia or or fred . ( l ) both us , yeah . ( mi ) okay , so i will arrange the doodle , ( ? ? ) week or like . ( ka ) it been to have a czech ( ? ? ) arrange the doodle because on ( ? ? ) takes them so they can remind on ( ? ? ) . ( mi ) okay , i will arrange it . ( ka ) okay , um . i should arrange something for february and then will have a in person meeting and ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , sounds good . ( ka ) anything else ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) if we are expecting any feedback from the eu on our deliverable ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) honestly , i dont think they provide feedback and deliverables until reviews happen . ( f ) okay , allright . ( o ) it was important to deliver on time but then it will stay sitting for few months . ( f ) okay , ( ? ? ) on time . ( ka ) we should , i know you have some stuff in submission for ( ? ? ) and that deliverable and we havent put it on the website . and i doubt that ( ? ? ) but at some point after , after the ( ? ? ) website . ( l ) ( ? ? ) accepted if its not accepted then will ( ? ? ) . resubmitting . ( ? ? ) or something . ( ka ) will it be at least a month ? until the . ( l ) yes , there should be a month , yea there should be a month ( ? ? ) . ( f ) allright . ( ka ) okay . ( l ) okay . ( f ) thanks everyone . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) price ( ? ? ) discussion group and then will see back here in february . ( l ) okay . ( r ) okay . ( l ) bye . ( t ) bye . ( r ) bye .", "tgt": "optimized estonian system . primarily training on rtx2080ti . nothing has been done on statistical significance . meeting 11th and 12th march . domain adaptation due june . testing time stuff due 27th month ."}
{"src": "( o ) i 'm testing the recording as well . but uh , there is a , kenneth are you still there . the connection is lost . oh . ( ka ) i screwed up . ( ? ? ) especially we are 5 minutes into it but the call starts at one . ( o ) yes , i just want to mention to everyone who can hear me , marina is getting in that this is like a shared account . and thats why its at the risk , because other teachers . we use that normally for teaching , uh , well , like now with the uh , with the covid times , and other teaches i try to schedule meeting properly . but zoom does not show , and does not remind anybody of conflicts in the in the reservations . so people may not notice , and they . they may like steal our call while its happening . so that is the them simply ignore us like , like overlapping sessions , and you just you kill someone 's else session . i made it properly for eleven . i havent made it for one yet , because when i wanted to do i was already kicked out from the session by someone else . and i dunno know who . ( ka ) yeah , i could 've found a backup as well and created a link and all that but i thought the third option would just create more confusion . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so the question , the main question is whether we have the meeting now or at one . uh , this is for you to decide and then to decide one of the fallback options . and if you can create like a reliable fall back option . and i think we should go for . ( ka ) i dont wan na create another option because we are going to have three people in different . ( o ) this this link is not a permanent one . so i 'm afraid that this lingual only working now and not at one . ( ka ) because we might show up in someone else 's class . ( o ) no , i think it will simply not work . uh . but i dunno know if it is strange . ( ka ) okay , i dont like zoom anyway , because its it requires a proprietary install and i 'm using an app right now in someone else 's connecting . ( o ) yep . ( ka ) ah , so it is good said . ( mar ) sorry i have quick question . so why what it this about one o clock versus now meeting . ( o ) yeah we dunno . ( ka ) i accidentally ( ? ? ) i thought our usual time was one o clock i think we should make it one o clock based on current attendance on the call . ( mar ) ah , it should be one o clock . ( ka ) thats the email i send out . i said 13:00 our usual time and only like ten minutes ago . did i realize wait , that is not our usual time . ( tea ) yes , but . ( ka ) i realize ( ? ? ) lot of scheduling conflicts but empirically most people seem to not have ( ? ? ) . so i guess that is good thing . ( t ) okay , because i have the pexip prepared for one . ( ka ) oh , okay . so hang on . when pexip i went on pexip . and it said over capacity . ( t ) it says always when we dont have the right capacity reserves . so now is zero capacity there , because the pexip will start will be open for ( ? ? ) 12:45 . ( o ) great okay . ( ka ) okay . ( o ) so lets have a meeting at one in pexip . ( t ) yes . ( mar ) good . ( ka ) how much capacity do you have reserved . ( t ) i have there . fifteen people . ( o ) that should be enough . ( t ) that should be . like i dont think we should be around ten probably . ( ka ) well , the thing is . ( t ) increase it . ( ka ) it should be more because normally everyone is at work and multiple people joined from the same place . ( t ) okay . well , uh , the thing is that the administrators of pexip usually , are very angry . when we like . ( o ) this time overloaded with questions . and they they simply want people to reserve just what they use , and they claim , but i dont trust it . that individuals a few a few individual persons can go beyond the capacity . i dont really trust it . ( t ) i dont think so , but . so i have 15 now . ( o ) i 'm also afraid if you try increasing it now . you may not be successful . so maybe it is already like booked a by others . so try try increasing it now . ( t ) and uh , what number . ( o ) i dunno , thats hard question . so definitely not more than 20 . ( t ) well , what we could do it is so like keep it on 15 , and i can increase this undergo . so when people would start telling us that they conjoined ( ? ? ) . if we will see that we are like 13 people . i can add five more . ( mar ) but are that many people . i dunno . ( t ) well , edinburgh usually joins like multiple people from one computer . ( o ) so that is 5 from edinburgh . 3 from ( ? ? ) . 3 or 4 from our place . ( ka ) ( ? ? ) settings and for mozilla of course . ( t ) ( ? ? ) people . and we are missing sheffield . ( ka ) sheffield . ( mar ) i mean i can sacrifice myself . ( t ) dont do that . ( o ) so i think 15 would be a good estimate for now . lets leave it at 15 and lets see . then every site need an priority list and then like the more leading people should be at the top of the list , and they should remain there . so that will be dusan . i hope that you can hear us . ( ka ) this is not quite to work . not quite the work . you are basically saying , join in this order and that is way too hard of coordination problem . ( t ) kenneth could you write another email that meeting is at one . ( o ) we have also robin and ulrich . ( t ) ( ? ? ) joining now and we can leave it for 1 pm . ( ka ) yes , yes . i will write another email . we are going to . ( o ) so is that you who is editing the document now . ( ka ) yes . ( o ) yeah yeah , so let the hide this . perfect . ( ka ) i 'm gon na put it ( ? ? ) you have . its at the bottom of the document . ( o ) yep . ( ka ) okay . i will send yet another email . and we will do pexip at 1 pm . ( o ) okay , hopefully that will work . okay thanks . ( r ) ( ? ? ) . ( ka ) oh sorry we will do what the original email said . we will do my original email said which is 12 , ( ? ? ) 1 pm c et and 14:00 as eastern european time . ( r ) okay . ( o ) yeah , so yeah . it was like a. confusion because in that email i only clicked the link the click the link the document had the wrong time and thats where the confusion started . so the document was not telling the right time . ( ka ) yeah , i pasted ( ? ? ) wait thats not the same . ( o ) okay , so lets meet in less than two hours a little bit less than two hours from now . ( r ) ( ? ? ) sleep . ( o ) i 'm not asleep i 'm actually with my ( ? ? ) the grammar school teaching for him . ( r ) yeah yeah got the same . okay . see you later . ( t ) bye bye ( mar ) see you . ( ka ) and someone try joining the zoom just to push people to pexip . ( o ) say it again , i dont ( ? ? ) message . ( ka ) someone will join zoom at 13:00 . ( o ) i dont think that will work . i can try but i dont think it will work at all . ( ka ) okay . ( o ) okay , thank . bye ( ka ) bye .", "tgt": "pexip people capacity ( 15 people ) . 13:00 meeting starts ."}
{"src": "( david ) ok , so let\u00b4s start . so today is the deadline for , um , stop adding new content into the book . so ... so do you have ev- everything there already ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i do . ( david ) i know that jind\u0159ich . ( rudolf ) or me in a sense . ( jind\u0159ich ) or in that same sense in , in that you have everything there even before ? ( rudolf ) no , no , no . i , now i , i , i get , got rid off the , like the to do sections at the end of the section so i can figure it all the papers that i want to refer to somewhere . but maybe i would like to , um , write different stuff about them but well ... yeah . ( david ) but you still have like the many to does . ( rudolf ) no . ( david ) no ? ( rudolf ) well , i have some to does but , but not the big to does . so yeah , um , i\u00b4m ok that\u00b4s right . ( david ) i , i , i can , i can share the screen . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yeah . share my screen . ( jind\u0159ich ) for instant the multilinguality is not there at all . ( rudolf ) yeah . um , yeah . multilinguality is missing . um ... yeah and ok . this one - ok . um - ( david ) so introduction is to do . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . so it\u00b4s kind of , yeah , not plannig to add new content , just write this nicely . ( david ) the problem is that we haven\u00b4t that defined what does it mean to add new content . ( rudolf ) like kind of the information is already there more or less so ... ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) new contents . yeah , it depens on the definition . that\u00b4s right . yeah , the multilinguality is not there . um , yeah , cause i don\u00b4t know much about it actually but i think we maybe ( say ) we can just - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( we have ) the paper about that . ( rudolf ) yeah , we can just extract it from our paper kind of . so ... so i guess the paper that cited there the libovick\u00fd ( ? ? ) for the multilinguality this is what we\u00b4ll kind of appear there and yeah . that\u00b4s just the last one . ( david ) that\u00b4s the last one . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) hm . conclusions . ( rudolf ) ah , conclusions are not optimal but - ( david ) so the other , the other , um , sections are finished ? ( rudolf ) are there not finished but i would say the content is there . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh . the next phase should have been commenting on , on others text . it doesn\u00b4t mean to comment on text that is not finished at all . ( rudolf ) um , um , so the content is there . so the text is not final . it\u00b4s kind of , yeah . so i\u00b4m not planning to add new content . i\u00b4m just planning to rewrite what\u00b4s already there , um . . ( david ) so you didn\u00b4t understand what , what it is content . yeah , because - yeah , in the next week we should , we should - ( rudolf ) like if you have - ( david ) have it and comment everything so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . like i don\u00b4t know if you have a box of chocolate and you just plan to arrange the chocolate nicely so you\u00b4re not adding new content , you\u00b4re just rearranging what\u00b4s already in the box . so that\u00b4s my take of content . ( david ) so - so now we know what , what - what are you think and you have still 13 , 13 hours to - ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) to arrange the chocolate in the , in the box . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) um , do you plan to add , um , some pictures there ? ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t know . i talked about it repeatedly that i\u00b4m not good at pictures . i tried adding one picture and that\u00b4s about the way i can add pictures so just , um ... extract them from some paper and , and put them there . ( david ) yeah , this is fai ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) but so this is extracted from , from ( \u0161uster ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know how , how many such paper we sh- , we , um , how many s- , um , these copied so ( ? ? ) pictures are there . ( rudolf ) so it\u00b4s kind of like if you ok with images like that i can put there images like that . but i\u00b4m unable to create images . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so this is just a png extracted from the paper . so i opened the paper in inkscape and i degroup it and i saved just the image into the file and ( ? ? ) png . and i put it here . so that\u00b4s like the best i can do i guess . ( david ) should- shouldn\u00b4t we ask the ( alters ) whether , whether we can include such image , their image - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) into our book ? ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . maybe we should at least check the licence of the paper . ( david ) yeah , if it is , if it is acl paper or - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) something - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it should be ok . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we cite , um ... ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . i , i actually don\u00b4t know like we definitely need to cited and said that it\u00b4s from that work . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( rudolf ) and ... yeah , i actually don\u00b4t know like to rules like , i think it depends on the licence of each of the papers . so i think it ( ? ? ) - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) that you can not do it , hm - if it\u00b4s not ( \u0161pingr ) then i don\u00b4t know . if it\u00b4s some - ( jind\u0159ich ) you can - ( rudolf ) created comments then you probably can do it . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , if it\u00b4s from acl antology it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s creative comments . ( rudolf ) ok . this is archive but archive lists the licence probably somewhere . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . you need to specified the licence that\u00b4s ok . ( rudolf ) um , where do i find it ? hm . ( \u0161ustr ) , hm , hm . because i know that i need- , needed to specify - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) the licence now but i don\u00b4t know where it appers - ( david ) ( ? ? ) specify but - ( rudolf ) ah , licence . here . yeah , archive , non exclusive . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) that this is bad . ( rudolf ) so , so it doesn\u00b4t give me any - ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( rudolf ) any rights . it\u00b4s just for archive . so would need to find if it was published somewhere else . hm . ( david ) we could - yeah , yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) let\u00b4s open the pdf . hm , hm , hm , hm . ok . yeah , it doesn\u00b4t same . hm , this is it . ok . proceedings of something on acl web . and ... yeah , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s ( nakl ) so when is , when is ( nakl ) it should be ok you say . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( rudolf ) ok . and should we , i don\u00b4t know , explain that somehow like that the licence allows that or i don\u00b4t know what the ( nakl ) licence is like . if we have to include the licence or something like that . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i think it\u00b4s creative comments but ... but i think it , it wouldn\u00b4t hurt if we explicitly state it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) like even what page of the paper it is and , and , and under what lesson it is . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i can easily cite the pa- , page . this is what i learned recentely . yeah , it\u00b4s just ( covereted ) comments by so i only have to atribute the source . yeah . so i can say that is page 4. or figure 2. what\u00b4s better ? page or figure number ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) figure number . what - ( david ) figure number is better . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what , what year was the article published ? ( rudolf ) hm ... 19 . ( david ) 19 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so then it\u00b4s creative comments atribution 4.0 international licence . ( rudolf ) yeah . so that just we need to have to cite the source . and i don\u00b4t know if you have to list the licence . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , it\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) well - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s an atribution and no additional restrictions so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) but i would , i would still mention the licence . ( david ) ok , the thing is one - how many such pictures you would like to have in our book ? because i , i think it\u00b4s not good to have many of such copied pictures there . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i think major , major all the pictures - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) should be ours . ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) it is - it\u00b4s - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it looks better . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) um ... because in my , in my , in my chapture i ( like ) the matter the , all the , of the figures will be , will be ours . or i can generate some of pictures from maybe - i , i plan to generate the picture from , from tabels which are in the , in the , in the papers so , so it looks better . but i , i also plan the include one of two , one or two pictures from the , from the other papers . not much , not many . um , ruda , here\u00b4s still , there are many subsections with no content . ( rudolf ) um ... ( david ) these two ? ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s kind of , i don\u00b4t have more to say i think . i can just - ( david ) you don\u00b4t have any chocolate to , to this boxes . ( rudolf ) no . i , i can , i can just say them more detailed since just kind of , um , um , um , nougats . so they , they even no say much more in the original paper actually and i don\u00b4t know any other papers , um , on that . ( david ) and these ? this is the same . then these ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) maybe there are two more papers about name entities . i don\u00b4t think there are more papers about grammatical error correction or event fractuality . ( david ) but it , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s strange to the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you ( two ) , you ( two ) deffinitely say more about event fractuality . ( david ) ok , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s true . ( david ) ( ? ? ) fractuality , yeah . ( rudolf ) ok , fair enough . ( david ) you at least ( ? ? ) year . ( rudolf ) ok , that\u00b4s , that is correct . yeah . so it shou- , yeah , i think it will be like one paragraph or something . ok . ( david ) usually at the content at least . ( rudolf ) ok . ok . i agree . ( tomasz ) it isn\u00b4t easier to just put other like things ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s just ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i think - ( rudolf ) i didn\u00b4t really know - ( tomasz ) that people - ( rudolf ) how to - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) like about the experiments . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( tomasz ) in different tasks . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . i didn\u00b4t want to put through it just other but then it\u00b4s true that i don\u00b4t know where to prove it like these are syntax but , but the the other ones like gender of nouns - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) of i don\u00b4t know semantics maybe but , um , i don\u00b4t know . um ... yeah , i tried to group them just on ( through ) things like syntax or semantics but , um , often i actually did not very sure , um . like name entities . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) hm . yeah . i , i have it much easier in the , in the attentions . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because i only need to group like some connections . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i group only the ( presency ) trees , constituency trees - ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( david ) and , and , and coreferences . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) so ... ( rudolf ) so , so here - yeah , in the , in the , in the hidden states or ( contextual ) embeddings people look for lot of stuff , um , yeah . ( david ) um , we still have the picture like the , ( like ) tom\u00e1\u0161 . where it is ? ( tomasz ) page 15 or 5 ? ( david ) um , it , it is - yeah , i don\u00b4t know why all , all my pictures are at the end of the chapture , there is some problem . yeah . ( tomasz ) this is it . ( david ) this one . that i think half of this - half of this figure is like for attentions and the other half is like for , for probing , isn\u00b4t it ? ( tomasz ) no . no , everything here is for attentions . ( david ) everything is for attentions ? ( tomasz ) like it\u00b4s hard ( ? ? ) but some parts are probing but in transformers . so yeah , it\u00b4s like , it\u00b4s like contextual embeddings . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) yeah , so , so yeah . this ( ? ? ) it\u00b4s true . ( david ) so maybe we should , we should devide this , this , um - ( rudolf ) hm . into two pictures . ( david ) into two pictures . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) because this is ( ? ? ) , this is , um , gpt ? ( tomasz ) yeah , this is like gpt - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) gpt and attentions . um , there is also hidden one with elmo - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so it would be also like probing . ( rudolf ) ah , the hidden one we can not see it now . ( tomasz ) yeah , because - ( rudolf ) oh , yeah . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s on the right . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . ( david ) there is on the right . yeah . i don\u00b4t how chan- , how to change this . this pgf but - look so far i haven\u00b4t look in , into it so ... ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm , hm . ( tomasz ) yeah , i , i think it can be some box that you can because to , to like put it some box - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) defined here . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) cause here , you can only put it\u00b4s on . ( david ) it\u00b4s only included though . ( tomasz ) yeah , they can like ( part , part it ) into - ( david ) yeah and there , there are also one problems if these element of , of - ( ? ? ) pgf , i don\u00b4t know , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . well the problem is that , that , that ( lighting ) doesn\u00b4t want to , um , do the words through , through overlap . ( david ) do the , for , for - ( jind\u0159ich ) so it - um ... latex just , just for to prevents , the words from overlapping and then , then that\u00b4s why it does those stuff . ( david ) aha , aha . ok . so if it is not ( ? ? ) nothing it will be ok . se we need to regenerate - ( rudolf ) need to regenerate . ( david ) we need to regenerate . we need to - yeah . ( rudolf ) smaller font ( ? ? ) image . ( david ) smaller font . yeah . and then transfer it . yeah , so ... ( tomasz ) i can do it . ( david ) yeah . yeah . actually on- , only these two , two . only your , your - pictures are so fine pgf . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) the other some like pdf and i think so i , i ( need ) to , um ... yeah , this is , this is , this is like , this is google docs . it needs to be , to be - yeah . to be done better . but ok . so in my , my chapture i , um , still don\u00b4t have the first part finished . it needs to be rewritten . but the chocolate is already in the box but i need to - rearrange the chocolates . but it\u00b4s only the introduction and like the word element i think . and then it should be , it should be more or less written . so from 5.2 ... maybe is - yeah , missing - um , maybe i would , i , i - some , in some parts i would , i could write more but ... yeah and there are some pictures missing . ( jind\u0159ich ) so if i want to read something i should start , um , what section ? 5.2 and - ( david ) 5.2 . ( jind\u0159ich ) and go on . ( david ) it\u00b4s - yeah . because 5.1 you , you already read it and i haven\u00b4t change it . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) um , so , so 5.2 and 5.3. yeah , the , the pictures will be , will be changed within so the- , they , they should be nicer but , um ... 5.2 , syntactic function , dependency trees , so yeah . this will written by tom\u00e1\u0161 and i , i have rewritten some , some parts so that it more fits the , the book . um , it\u00b4s ( consequency ) trees . and yeah , maybe we will , we will remove this table , i don\u00b4t know . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) um , um , yeah , and this is - this i - yeah . i have rewritten a bit the 5.3 but , um , is still , there is still missing the last , last part of this and some discussion o- , on this part so there is still missing something and the end of this sub- , subsection . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) and then - yeah , today morning i wrote or today night i , i wrote this conclusion but yeah , i don\u00b4t know . so this is more or less written but yeah , some parts still need to be rewritten and , and the pictures may- , must be done better . ok . so , tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , ok . can i share my screen ? ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or do i have the pdf of - ( rudolf ) switch it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) share my screen . ( ? ? ) entire screen . ok . do you see my screen ? ( david ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ok . do you see the book ? ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . wait a minute . hm , i don\u00b4t - single page , hm . ok . so chapture 3 , the first - ok . the first part is written i guess and i\u00b4m sure that it would , um , like i\u00b4m sure that , um , it would benefit from further reading and comments and rewritting and so on . the to do section here can be safely deleted . it\u00b4s just things that can be added but are not essential . then there is this 3.1 methods for interpreting neural networks and i thought david said he would write something . ( david ) yeah . yeah , i said it but i haven\u00b4t written . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . and yeah , then there\u00b4s this 3.2 which i\u00b4m not sure if it belongs here or what to do with it but i think we can decide that at the end . ( david ) i think this was , yeah , ruda\u00b4s , ruda\u00b4s , this was ruda\u00b4s thing . so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) this is what ruda moved into my chapture and then i moved , moved it here . ( david ) yeah . i , i promised that i will , i will , i would , i will move fast of my introduction of my chapture to here as well because these , these are , these two texts are very , very similar . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . well , i\u00b4m not sure how - ( david ) so ( ? ? ) in , in our plan , um , it is ... um , where it is ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) where is our plan ? here ? this plan ? ( rudolf ) no , the - ( david ) yeah , yeah , this one . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , yeah , this is 3.1 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) ruda and me . rewrite and move there something from , from chapture 5 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok and then there\u00b4s this chapture which i need to move this . that\u00b4s also in the to do list . 4.1 , 4.2 , move . and then ... yeah , i finally managed to train fasttext embeddings . and as you can see the bands are actually there . now what - now what\u00b4s strange the fasttext image here seems much more , um , similar to the original glove image here . it\u00b4s much more similar than the glove that i trained . and word2vec is still just noise so i\u00b4m not sure what make of this . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , isn , isn\u00b4t it just because of the colours ? of the colour scale ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . this is the same colour scheme . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . yeah , but i mean - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) these - this , this is different . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you can see the , the bands here and the bands here in the fasttext\u00b4s image are similar . ( jind\u0159ich ) but , but my point is that if you , if you would try to like shift the mean of the glove colour scale you might end up with the same image as , as they , as they had . they just tried optimized through the , they might it , might it optimised virtual so it\u00b4s more visible . ( rudolf ) so , so basic ( ? ? ) numbers should be normalized a bit . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i\u00b4m not sure what do you mean because - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . like they don\u00b4t probably have the same , um , like the same mean , um , in the different models . so if you just divided them by the mean and all the images . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) nothing happens , right . ( jind\u0159ich ) nothing happens . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because the , the scale is automatically adjusted to , to show the whole range . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but , but it ( ? ? ) . what i\u00b4m saying they , they , they might have use something lumenier just to , just to ( look ) it more visible . ( rudolf ) aha . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i was thinking about that . well , i\u00b4ll look into it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but it\u00b4s strange that the fasttext - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) shows this structure right away . ( rudolf ) yeah . my ( ? ? ) was different . i thought maybe some of the embeddings do have some extremes so if you include these extremess then most of it will be squashed . so if you , if you like cut of the top and bottom , 5 % maybe it could be different . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , that\u00b4s option . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) on scale but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s what maybe happening in this glove image but why isn\u00b4t the same thing happening here ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or why is it happening here ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and ... i don\u00b4t know . it\u00b4s strange . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s possible for czech , not for english . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . yes . but fasttext shows the structure and the others don\u00b4t . strange thing . anyway , images , images , images , bla , bla , bla . yeah . i\u00b4ve , um , written something about debiassing . i wrote a conclusion . so in the end the only things left for the to does is the , is - and then 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 which i\u00b4m confident i can do today so ... tonight the chocolates will be in the box . and you can comment on them and then i rewrite the chocolates . and the chapture will be done . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , are you planning to do something about , about the figures ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what ? ( rudolf ) my figures or figures in general or tom\u00e1\u0161\u00b4s figures ? ( jind\u0159ich ) tom\u00e1\u0161\u00b4s figures . for instants 4.1 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , 4.1. i will either move it to your chapture or delete it . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , right . and tell me what , um , how does it - because i think it\u00b4s , this is the same as my figure , um ... where is it , um , where is it ? where is that ? um , 1.9 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , well ... 1.9 . 1.9 . 1.2 , 1.4 , 1.9. yeah . it\u00b4s probably almost the same thing . i don\u00b4t know . i ... one thing is that your figure is quite ugly . ( jind\u0159ich ) at the other one would , would totally different fonts and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and then so it\u00b4ll be beautiful . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s true . also these figures are not completely the same because the original bengio model had some , um , i\u00b4ll - how do i get back to the - here . hm , hm , hm . it has these lines . what do you call them ? dashed lines ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they are some connections directly between embeddings and the soft max layer . ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but yeah , also i think this is - ( jind\u0159ich ) that\u00b4s ( line ) only say that , um , that you can find the , um , the probability value for word at depositions it\u00b4s ... it doesn\u00b4t mean any like computational connection . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and because i thought it was confusing it\u00b4s not in my figure . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ok . so i think i will delete this figure . also i think this is a bitmap image so it should be deleted anyway . yeah . i will delete this figure and i may do something with your figure so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because like ... what i don\u00b4t like here is for example this arrow here . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . well , if i , if i make the , the subsign smaller it will , it will get fixed probably . because in my disertation it wasn\u00b4t like this . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) with a different fonts . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also these arrows in general are ugly . but yeah . other then that i don\u00b4t need the figure when this figure is here so i delete it . ( david ) ( ? ? ) my part write your text , um , like 4.2 or 4.3 and then you can , you can make this figure , um , better . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . sure . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way this is the very first image i , i made in tix and the code is really terrible . don\u00b4t , don\u00b4t get scared when you , when you open the source . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4ve seen . i think i\u00b4ve seen worse . and ... also , yeah , hm ... hm . hm . i think - ok . i - this is also ugly . ( jind\u0159ich ) you are ugly . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i\u00b4m but i\u00b4m not putting my face into the book . anyway , yeah , we can leave the ugly figures to the end . ( david ) please , first finish , finish the text . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) and figures at least in , in some - yeah , at these they should be there but they , they might ugly or we , we need to know what is there , what is in the figure . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) no if the figure is ugly or not and then - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i , i guess - ( david ) you can make the figures , improve the figures . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i think we can improve the figures after it\u00b4s been send to the reviewers right ? if we don\u00b4t change the content of the figures just how they look . ( david ) yeah , yeah . i think , yeah . it , it is possible to change it after . so if it , if we have it in pdf and not it pgf , it\u00b4s no problem i think . if only - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) if only ( the font ) change and the , the , the picture will be same only the nicer and then i\u00b4m sure it\u00b4s ok . so yeah . so first , yeah , the text and ( ? ? ) is there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) they , then , then the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sure . hm . so yeah . so yeah , the figure 4.1 will be deleted . any other questions about my figures ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , probably not . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) do i have any other interesting figures ? not really . ( jind\u0159ich ) just , just avoid an other ( ? ? ) font , that\u00b4s fine . ( david ) you will have figures in the missing sections like pca and ica . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , probably . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and what about figure 4.6 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) 4.6 ? ( jind\u0159ich ) which is a bit map ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , well ... yeah . it is a bit map . yeah . i think i maybe able to find the source and generate a tix file . although , um , i will be - ( david ) ( ? ? ) is this ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . so i\u00b4m sure i can generate a tix file for this big cloud . i will have to rewrite the cropping thing because that\u00b4s done on the bit map . but yeah . we can leave that after - ( david ) ( ? ? ) in the big cloud will be visible ? in the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , it will be resible , visible as it is visible now . maybe it will be visible if it\u00b4s tix . i mean if i - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) forever to ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like right now , um ... it\u00b4s , hm ... like it\u00b4s almost readable now when it\u00b4s a bit map so if , if it was text it would be readable . yeah , i mean i can read it . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) even though it\u00b4s quite ugly at this solution so ... yeah , but ok , i\u00b4ll , i\u00b4ll transform this from a bit map into proper text after everything else is done . ( jind\u0159ich ) and maybe before fixing my arrows . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , well ... i don\u00b4t know . like this is just one bit map . do you have a bunch of arrows everywhere . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , and , and the same ( wholes ) for , for , for , 4.8 which is a bit map too as , as well . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and 4.9\\ . which will be english . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . and 4.9 and that\u00b4s not my figure . actually no . this seems to be vector . hm . cool . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but at least you can replot it so it , so it has the same font as the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sorry , what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) you can replot it so it has the same font as a book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ok . i think about that . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and it\u00b4s truly easy in inkscape . you just , you just open it in inkscape as a pdf and save it as a pdf with latex text labels . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , ok . i would have to install inkscape for that . i guess i that , can do that . ( jind\u0159ich ) it\u00b4s one ( commented ) a common line . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and half of giga byte disk space . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , that , um - inkscape . well , it says only 170 mb that , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , i can do that . after the text is written . and finished . ( david ) ok , so please , um ... when you finish your part made the lines in the , in the lsd sch\u016fzky document , um , green . ( rudof ) hm . ( david ) so that i know that you , you really have it , the chocolate is ( reorder ) in the box . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and so the deadline is today . today midnight . and yeah , if i don\u00b4t see the , the green lines and i don\u00b4t see that it is really done in the comment i will , i will , i don\u00b4t know . send you something . ugly pictures in the - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so do you think you can make it to- , today or ? more or less ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think so . i - the only thing missing for me is add pca and ica which i can basically copy from other texts . ( david ) yeah , but then you need to reorder the chocolate . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , sure . but at least it will be there and then move , move 4.1 , 4.2 , that\u00b4s also like 0,5 hour at most and then write something about probing i guess . well , i think i ca- , i can manage to do that today . ( david ) ok . and then where it is finished . or whet it\u00b4s written somehow we should all of us , we should read it all of book and comment it what is missing where and yeah , where are the problems and other things . i was , um , searching what were the reviewers of the other , um , of the previous \u00fafal books . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) and i think that it is not as ... for example daniel zeman the word of tokens ( text and trees ) , the reviewers are alexandr rosen , barbora vidov\u00e1 hladk\u00e1 . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) so this is the last book , um ... kate\u0159ina veselsk\u00e1 , sentiment ( ? ? ) in czech . so this is written in english at least . the reviewers alexandr rosen , pavel smr\u017e . so it\u00b4s really upside czechia . um ... michal nov\u00e1k , but it was disertation so there would be there his opponent ( ? ? ) , alexandr rosen . alexandr rosen is everywhere . with like university . then this ( ? ? ) \u0161\u00e1rka . so yeah , so they have like the - mat\u011bj ( ogrodi\u010duk ) , ( ? ? ) . ok , so these are two , like two , two reviewers ( on ) outside . but , but , um , i think if we have like , like one ( ? ? ) reviewer from , from czechia , it\u00b4s ok . so like ... can we - but it , it - i think it\u00b4s better if we have , when we have the book alm- , almost finished , we can , we can ask someone . or - do you mean i should , i should ask someone now ? ( rudolf ) i think - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) it would be at least abstract or i don\u00b4t know if i ask only , ok , we will have a book with ( ? ? ) about - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) 160 pages . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and it\u00b4s about hidden in the layers . ( rudolf ) so do we have some kind of abstract at some - ( david ) we have the preface . pre- ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) which is nice . but it\u00b4s not abstract . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s like the questions . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) i was also thinking about the preface don\u00b4t we need like a real introduction that , that all the books have ? like what exactly you will find in the book , um , how was it structured , how should you read the book ... ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , that , that\u00b4s missing . because we have , yeah , after preface we have a background but this is deeplearning . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( david ) in the begginings of - yeah . yeah , so we definitely should have something like introduction . so i will add it into our to do list . and do we have , um , conclusion or sum- , summary of our book ? i think not yet ? have you have something ? ( rudolf ) yeah , ( ? ? ) summary . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s the conclusion from my one you need to move . ( david ) yeah , i know , i know . i , i just - ( rudolf ) yeah , on it . ( david ) wha- , what would be the different between like the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah . cause we will have like 3 , 3 conclusions . ( rudolf ) no . ( david ) and then , then one sum- , summary . ( rudolf ) alright . we are . yeah . ( david ) one of conclus- ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... i\u00b4m not sure if it\u00b4s , if it\u00b4s the same ? i mean , um , you can have some conclusions that you draw from , from the book , from , from the research you , you need but the summary of , of the book is somethin else . book , books often have summaries . and , and they have the summaries in multiple languages so ... sometimes . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , anyway would we put something different into a book conclusion and into a book summary ? ( jind\u0159ich ) boo- , book , book summary is , is more like , um , lon- , longer abstract usually . ( rudolf ) aha . ( david ) but the introduction would be also something like , like what , what is the - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah and i guess - ( david ) book about . ( rudolf ) the conclusion of the book would also be something like that . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s as a , it\u00b4s like a paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) first you write what are you going to present , then you present it and then you - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) write what , what you presented . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) but ... ( jind\u0159ich ) tom\u00e1\u0161 brought some books . ( rudolf ) what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) that tom\u00e1\u0161 brought some books to , to , to have a look how , how they are structured . ( david ) aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) and there are no rules , um , it , in the books series that we should have a summary and , and summary in czech and something like that . ( rudolf ) yeah , the series said that the summary is obligatory . but i don\u00b4t think it says more about what should be in the summary or , or so . um ... yeah , summary in english must be in every czech book . that\u00b4s the only rule it says . ( david ) aha . ( rudolf ) so we have an english book so there is no rule . ( david ) so for example dan zeman has conclu- , concluding tokens and then summary . so lets see what he has in this ( ? ? according to ) . what is there ? um ... now lots of tabels , figures ... summary . that was , seems something like abstract . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , so it\u00b4s like one page abstract . hm . ( david ) yeah . and concluding tokens ... ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s more like ( future ) ( ? ? ) so ... ( david ) hm . ( ? ? ) is inside . ok . ( ? ? ) not introduction . introduction is not there . but this is like related work is included . ok . so let\u00b4s - we can write the summary which is so kind of abstract and - ( jind\u0159ich ) and if the book is too short we can the summary in czech . ( david ) yeah , we can . so how , how long is - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and in german . and in french . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) , yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then we can - ( david ) ( ? ? ) to - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we can have a transformer transform the summary into hindo . ( david ) and dan , dan\u00b4s book is coh- , 158 so it\u00b4s almost the same size of the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so are we gon na be like measuring books with - with dan or what ? ( david ) so it , yeah . so it , i think it it maybe , yeah . it , it is a book . it is not like ( ? ? ) or something . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ok . so anything else ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . who\u00b4s book in the series is the longest ? ( david ) i think longest would be the ( light ) lexikons . ( jind\u0159ich ) or katka veselsk\u00e1 might be a good candidate . ( david ) no , no , no . zik\u00e1nov\u00e1 , jehli\u010dov\u00e1 , ( ? ? ) , bla , bla , bla , 274 . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) marek \u010dech , 236 . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) zde\u0148ka ore\u0161ov\u00e1 , 375 . ( jind\u0159ich ) wau . ( david ) but this is ( ? ? ) lexikon . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) but other books like dan zeman , 158 , michal nov\u00e1k , 162 . yeah , so wa- so is there any book which is shorter than our ? so far ? no . \u0161t\u011bp\u00e1nov\u00e1 barbora , 149 . but i think we , we\u00b4ll add some of the , some pictures and will be there . bojar ond\u0159ej , 119 . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) , 110 . ( david ) yeah , homola petr , 110 . so it is , it is ok . so we , we have to write it somehow and so it\u00b4s readable , readable and ... tom\u00e1\u0161 wanted to do ( ? ? ) for - ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s , yeah . ( david ) yeah , they will do all the , all the erros . ( rudolf ) yeah , they are undefined references not ( reply ) defined labels . some defined cit- , citations - ( david ) yeah , these are - yeah , many of these are probably main because i , i don\u00b4t care so far . cause first i want to write a text and then i will , then i will solve the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) all these errors . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , it\u00b4s hard not to introduce new errors when i , when there is so much errors that i can see if i\u00b4m introducing new errors . ( rudolf ) yeah , i agree . ( david ) hm . yeah , ok . i , i will , i will , i will go through it and , and try to fix that is missing , missing things . ( rudolf ) yeah , so there are some citations that are not in the zotero format so they\u00b4re deffinitely will bee always missing . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) the thing is from my survey . ( rudolf ) might be . ( tomasz ) so - ( david ) but i think i rewritten them , all of them . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) this is , this is for now . ( david ) this is for now ? aha . ( rudolf ) but it\u00b4s - ( david ) yeah , but this is , this is , yeah , this is in the table . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) i haven\u00b4t - yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) this is the , the citation ( from ) the table . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i , i ( ? ? ) that . ok , so this is the table . so i will , i will comment it althought . alright . ( rudolf ) ok . hm . there is some missing citation which is also something . ( david ) ok , so yeah . so maybe we can , we can end this session and , and finish the writing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and so the next meeting is ? ( david ) yeah , next meeting is , um ... the , um ... ( rudolf ) in two weeks . ( david ) in two weeks . monday . 13th july . like - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok and - ( david ) going to be before , before the theatre meeting ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) after the theatre meeting it seems . ( david ) after ? ( rudolf ) um . . so yeah . the ( ? ? ) meeting is plan , planned 12:30 and currently lsd is - ( david ) hm . ok , so after . after the meeting . ( rudolf ) um ... ( david ) but - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . um , maybe it can be even before . um , if we want that . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but when will we go to lunch if the meeting is before ? ( rudolf ) ok , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like - ( rudolf ) so it should be after . ( david ) yeah , ok , it will be after in our office . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because here ( ? ? ) after . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so it\u00b4s lunch , theatre meeting , lsd meeting and \u00fafal beer . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) so what\u00b4s time is the meeting ? ( rudolf ) 2 p.m. ( david ) 2 p.m. ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , the document says that , um , it\u00b4s true . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . i thought you just change the time because of the lunch . so it\u00b4s still 2 p.m. ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , it\u00b4s 2 p.m. so that we can go to lunch before the theatre meeting . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) the theatre meeting is 12:30 or ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , as usual . ok , so i will be sending you many slack messages . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) if you haven\u00b4t written everything . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and you would , you would need to read all the book and - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and we\u00b4ll see . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah . yeah , i have holiday from thursday but i think i will do some work even in the holiday . ( david ) yeah , i , i have holiday the next week . so the whole the next week i probably will not do anything . ( jind\u0159ich ) um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i also officialy have holiday next week but i will be working . ( jind\u0159ich ) just an off topic question . do you plan to watch the acl lectures ? during the next week ? or what are your plans at \u00fafal ? ( rudolf ) potentially , yeah . um , well , jindra helcl - ( david ) yeah , we all - ( rudolf ) suggested something on slack . and basically - ( jind\u0159ich ) and no one apply ? ( rudolf ) he didn\u00b4t investigate how this really works . but my plan is that if he organised it something that i will join happily . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , me too . ( rudolf ) but i did , i didn\u00b4t check the acl website . i , i\u00b4m not registered for acl anyway and i didn\u00b4t understand much like how it\u00b4s really works and i didn\u00b4t have time to investigate it so i\u00b4m just waiting so if somebody else like prepares it for me and says me , sit here and watch this and - ( jind\u0159ich ) there are , there are prerecorded presentations and a- , after there are broadcasted , there are live qa sessions . ( david ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) this is how the pre- , previous presentation looks like . and there are , are tutorials on sunday . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so the presentation will be , presentation will be separated from the , um , question and answering sessions so - ( rudolf ) hm . so , so the presentations will be broadcasted like prerecorded and then the qa will be live . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( rudolf ) that make some sense . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . if you want to prevent like situations one , one , no one someone\u00b4s internet connection ( ? ? ) presentation or something like that . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . but the , um , but the presentations they will still be kind of live . so they will be a broadcast . so it won\u00b4t be like - ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( rudolf ) you can watch it a day before or . ( jind\u0159ich ) no . though , though you need to watch it at , at the given time and ( ? ? ) for each paper there are two time slots . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) so like people all over the world can watch it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) do you have to be registered for the tutorials ? ( jind\u0159ich ) pfff . i don\u00b4t know . i\u00b4m registered . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and did you , did you have to like select tutorial ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , but you can , you can ask questions live on zoom . so perhaps all videos who are registered will get zoom link and will , will be able to ask questions and , and maybe the others can watch it as well , i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , i\u00b4d like to watch the interpretability and analysis tutorial . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , that\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s with belinkov . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) it\u00b4s some day ( 2 p.m. ) if i have recall correctly . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it says here 6 a.m. seattle time . i don\u00b4t know what that is . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it is 3 p.m. , 3 p.m. our time . ( rudolf ) ok . i will be on the train at this time . ( tomasz ) is it necessary to be here in person to watch it or ? ( rudolf ) in defense we don\u00b4t know how to links work , yeah , so . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ok . ( rudolf ) i think it should work ( badly ) if you\u00b4re here and somebody else also wants to watch the same thing and he\u00b4s registered which i don\u00b4t know if , if it will be true . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know how many people are registered actually . i know jindra helcl is registered and johana kvapil\u00edkov\u00e1 is registered and maybe ondra du\u0161ek is registered . and i don\u00b4t know if people can watch if they\u00b4re not registered . or unless they\u00b4re watching someone - ( david ) share the links . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and the password or i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i haven\u00b4t look into it . so i don\u00b4t know how it works . you know something more ? you\u00b4re registered so you don\u00b4t care and - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) be this like screening here or other ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . i think that\u00b4s kind of the plan but , um , yeah . it definitely at least depends on what other people want to watch . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) so i don\u00b4t know how many paralel sessions there are but i ( ? ? ) a lot again . ( jind\u0159ich ) so if , if , if , if jindra is there registered one and the ( ? ? ) one on what sessions ( ? ? ) all the time . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s possible . like one of could registered as well . but i don\u00b4t know how we would ( ? ? ) for it . ( david ) ( ? ? ) because we , we need to pay for it and if we don\u00b4t have any , any paper there . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so ... so anything else or we can , we can end this session and ... so see you . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tomasz ) bye . ( jind\u0159ich ) have a nice day you . ( rudolf ) bye , bye .", "tgt": "in the book is still missing part about multilinguality . rules for adding pictures into the book . rudolf is unable to create images , he can just extracte them from the papers . it is necessary to rewrite david\u00b4s first part . in 5.3 is still missing tha last part and some discussion . the pictures in the bokk must be done better . it is necessary to finish subsection 3.1 a 3.2 . tom\u00e1\u0161 finally managed to train fasttext embeddings . tom\u00e1\u0161 needs to rewrite subsection 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 tonight . everyone must read the whole book and comment on what\u00b4s missing , what\u00b4s wrong . the next meeting will be 13th june . planning watching acl lectures ."}
{"src": "( david ) ok , so let\u00b4s start . so today is the deadline for , um , stop adding new content into the book . so- . so , do you have ev- everything there already ? ( jindrich ) i do . ( david ) i know that jindrich . ( rudolf ) or me , in a sense . ( jindrich ) or in that same sense in , in that you have everything there even before ? ( rudolf ) no , no , no . i , now i , i , i get , got rid off the , the , like the to do sections at the end of the section so i integrated all the papers that i want to refer to somewhere . but maybe i would like to , um , write different stuff about them but- . yeah . ( david ) but you still have like the many `` to dos '' . ( rudolf ) no . ( david ) no ? ( rudolf ) well , i have some `` to dos '' but , but not the big `` to dos '' . so yeah , um , i\u00b4m ok that\u00b4s right . ( david ) i , i , i can , i can share the screen . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yeah . share my screen . ( jindrich ) for instant the multilinguality is not there at all . ( rudolf ) yeah . um , yeah . multilinguality is missing . um- . yeah and ok . this one - ok . um - ( david ) so introduction is to do . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . so it\u00b4s kind of , yeah , not planning to add new content , just write this nicely . ( david ) the problem is that we haven\u00b4t that defined what does it mean to add new content . ( rudolf ) like kind of the information is already there more or less so- . ( tomas ) pick new content . yeah , it depends on the definition . that\u00b4s right . yeah , the multilinguality is not there . um , yeah , cause i don\u00b4t know much about it actually . but i think we maybe ( say ) we can just- . ( jindrich ) ( we have ) the paper about that . ( rudolf ) yeah , we can just extract it from our paper kind of . so- . so i guess the paper that cited there the libovick\u00fd ( ? ? ) for the multilinguality this is what will kind of appear there and yeah . that\u00b4s just the last one . ( david ) that\u00b4s the last one . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) hm . conclusions . ( rudolf ) ah , conclusions are not optimal but - ( david ) so the other , the other , um , sections are finished ? ( rudolf ) um , they are not finished but i would say the content is there . ( jindrich ) oh . the next phase should have been commenting on , on , on others text . it doesn\u00b4t mean to comment on text that is not finished at all . ( rudolf ) um , um , so the content is there . the text is not final . it\u00b4s kind of , yeah . so i\u00b4m not planning to add new content . i\u00b4m just planning to rewrite what\u00b4s already there , um . . ( david ) so you didn\u00b4t understand what , what it is content . yeah , because - yeah , in the next week we should , we should - ( rudolf ) like if you have - . ( david ) have it and comment everything so- . ( rudolf ) yeah . like i don\u00b4t know if you have a box of chocolates and you just plan to arrange the chocolate nicely so you\u00b4re not adding new content , you\u00b4re just rearranging what\u00b4s already in the box . so that\u00b4s my take of content . ( david ) so - . so now we know what , what - . what are you think and you have still 13 , 13 hours to - . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) to arrange the chocolate in the , in the box . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) um , do you plan to add , um , some pictures there ? ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t know . i talked about it repeatedly that i\u00b4m not good at pictures . i tried adding one picture and that\u00b4s about the way i can add pictures so just , um- . extract them from some paper and , and put them there . ( david ) yeah , this is nice . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) but so this is extracted from , from ( \u0161uster ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know how , how many such paper we sh- , we , um , how many s- , um , these copied so ( ? ? ) pictures are there . ( rudolf ) so it\u00b4s kind of like if you ok with images like that i can put there images like that . but i\u00b4m unable to create images . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so this is just a png extracted from the paper . so i opened the paper in inkscape and i degrouped it and i saved just the image into the file and it was a png . and i put it here . so , that\u00b4s like the best i can do i guess . ( david ) should- shouldn\u00b4t we ask the authors whether , whether we can include such image , their image - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) into our book ? ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . maybe we should at least check the licence of the paper . ( david ) yeah , if it is , if it is acl paper or - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) something - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it should be ok . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) if we cite , um . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . i , i actually don\u00b4t know . like we definitely need to cite it and say that it\u00b4s from that work . ( jindrich ) yes . ( rudolf ) and - . yeah , i actually don\u00b4t know like to rules like . i think it depends on the licence of each of the papers . so i think it ( ? ? ) - ( jindrich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) that you can not do it , hm - . if it\u00b4s not ( \u0161pingr ) then i don\u00b4t know . if it\u00b4s some - ( jindrich ) you can - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) comments then you probably can do it . ( jindrich ) um , if it\u00b4s from acl anthology it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s creative comments . ( rudolf ) ok . this is archive but archive lists the licence probably somewhere . ( jindrich ) yeah . you need to specified the licence that\u00b4s ok . ( rudolf ) um , where do i find it ? hm . ( \u0161ustr ) , hm , hm . because i know that i need- , needed to specify - . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) the licence now but i don\u00b4t know where it appears - . ( david ) ( ? ? ) specify but - ( rudolf ) ah , licence . here . yeah , archive , non exclusive . yeah . ( jindrich ) that this is bad . ( rudolf ) so , so it doesn\u00b4t give me any - . ( jindrich ) no . ( rudolf ) any rights . it\u00b4s just for archive . so i would need to find if it was published somewhere else . hm . ( david ) we could - . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) let\u00b4s open the pdf . hm , hm , hm , hm . ok . yeah , it doesn\u00b4t say . hm , this is it . ok . proceedings of something on acl web . and - . yeah , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s ( nakl ) so when it 's , when it 's ( nakl ) it should be ok you say . ( jindrich ) yep . ( rudolf ) ok . and should we , i don\u00b4t know , explain that somehow like that the licence allows that or i don\u00b4t know what the ( nakl ) licence is like . if we have to include the licence or something like that . ( jindrich ) hm . i think it\u00b4s creative comments but- . but i think it , it , it wouldn\u00b4t hurt if we explicitly state it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jindrich ) like even what page of the paper it is and , and , and under what licence it is . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i can easily cite the pa- , page . this is what i learned recently . yeah , it\u00b4s just ( covereted ) comments by so i only have to attribute the source . yeah . so i can say that is page 4. or figure 2. what\u00b4s better ? page or figure number ? ( tomas ) figure number . what - . ( david ) figure number is better . ( tomas ) what , what year was the article published ? ( rudolf ) hm- . 2019 . ( david ) 2019 . ( tomas ) ok , so then it\u00b4s creative comments attribution 4.0 international licence . ( rudolf ) yeah . so that just means you have to cite the source . and i don\u00b4t know if you have to list the licence . ( tomas ) hm , it\u00b4s - . ( jindrich ) well - . ( tomas ) it\u00b4s an attribution and no additional restrictions so - . ( jindrich ) but i would , i would still mention the licence . ( david ) ok , the thing is one - . how many such pictures you would like to have in our book ? because i , i think it\u00b4s not good to have many of such copied pictures there . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i think major , majority of all the pictures - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) should be ours . ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) it is - . it\u00b4s - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it looks better . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) um - . because in my , in my , in my chapter i like the majority the , all the , of the figures will be , will be ours . or i can generate some of pictures from maybe - . i , i plan to generate the picture from , from tables which are in the , in the , in the papers so , so it 's looks better . but i , i also plan the include one on two , one or two pictures from the , from the other papers . not much , not many . um , ruda , here\u00b4s still , there are many subsections with no content . ( rudolf ) um - . ( david ) these two ? ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s kind of , i i don\u00b4t have more to say i think . i can just - . ( david ) you don\u00b4t have any chocolates to , to this boxes . ( rudolf ) no . i , i can , i can just say them more detailed since just kind of , um , um , um , nougats . so they , they even do n't say much more in the original paper actually and i don\u00b4t know any other papers , um , on that . ( david ) and these ? this is the same . then these ( ? ? ) - . ( rudolf ) maybe there are two more papers about named entities . i don\u00b4t think there are more papers about grammatical error correction or event factuality . ( david ) but it , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s strange to the - . ( tomas ) you ( two ) , you ( two ) definitely say more about event factuality . ( david ) ok , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s true . ( david ) ( ? ? ) factuality , yeah . ( rudolf ) ok , fair enough . ( david ) you at least ( ? ? ) here . ( rudolf ) ok , that\u00b4s , that is correct . yeah . so it shou- , yeah , but i think it will be like one paragraph or something . ok . ( david ) you should add the content at least . ( rudolf ) ok . ok . i agree . ( tomas ) it isn\u00b4t easier to just put other like things ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) it\u00b4s just ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomas ) i think - . ( rudolf ) i didn\u00b4t really know - . ( tomas ) that people - . ( rudolf ) how to - . ( tomas ) ( ? ? ) like about the experiments . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( tomas ) in different tasks . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . i didn\u00b4t want to put through it just other but then it\u00b4s true that i don\u00b4t know where to group it like these are syntax but , but the the other ones like gender of nouns - . ( tomas ) hm . ( rudolf ) of i don\u00b4t know semantics maybe but , um , i don\u00b4t know . um- . yeah , i tried to group them just on ( through ) things like syntax or semantics but , um , often i actually did not very sure , um . like named entities . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) hm . yeah . i , i have it much easier in the , in the attentions . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because i only need to group like some connections . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i group only the dependency trees , continuency trees - ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( david ) and , and , and co references . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) so - . ( rudolf ) so , so here - . yeah , in the , in the , in the hidden states or ( contextual ) embeddings that people look for lot of stuff , um , yeah . ( david ) um , we still have the picture like the , ( like ) made by tom\u00e1\u0161 . where it is ? ( tomas ) page 15 or 5 ? ( david ) um , it , it is - . yeah , i don\u00b4t know why all , all my pictures are at the end of the chapter , there is some problem . yeah . ( tomas ) this is it . ( david ) this one . that i think half of this - . half of this figure is like for attentions and the other half is like for , for probing , isn\u00b4t it ? ( tomas ) no . no , everything here is for attentions . ( david ) everything is for attentions ? ( tomas ) like it\u00b4s hard ( ? ? ) but some parts are probing but in transformers . so yeah , so it\u00b4s like , it\u00b4s like contextual embeddings . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) yeah , so , so yeah . this ( ? ? ) it\u00b4s true . ( david ) so maybe we should , we should devide this , this , um - . ( rudolf ) hm . into two pictures . ( david ) into two pictures . ( tomas ) yeah . ( david ) because this is ( ? ? ) , this is , um , gpt ? ( tomas ) yeah , this is like gpt - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) gpt and attentions . um , there is also hidden one with elmo - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) so it would be also like probing . ( rudolf ) ah , the hidden one we can not see it now . ( tomas ) yeah , because - . ( rudolf ) oh , yeah . ( tomas ) it\u00b4s on the right . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . ( david ) there is on the right . yeah . i don\u00b4t how chan- , how to change this . this pgf but - look so far i haven\u00b4t look in , into it so - . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm , hm . ( tomas ) yeah , i , i think it can be some box that you can because to , to like put it some box - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) defined here . ( david ) yeah . ( tomas ) cause here , you can only put it\u00b4s on . ( david ) it\u00b4s only included though . ( tomas ) yeah , they can like pack , pack it into - . ( david ) yeah and there , there are also one problems if these alignment of , of - . ( ? ? ) pgf , i don\u00b4t know , yeah . ( jindrich ) hm . well the problem is that , that , that ( lightich ) doesn\u00b4t want to , um , do the words to , to overlap . ( david ) do the , for , for - . ( jindrich ) so it- . um . ( latech ) just , just force to prevents , the words from overlapping and and then , then that\u00b4s why it does those stuff . ( david ) ( ? another language ? ) ok . so if it is not ( ? ? ) i think it will be ok . se we need to regenerate - ( rudolf ) need to regenerate . ( david ) we need to regenerate . we need to - yeah . ( rudolf ) smaller font ( ? ? ) image . ( david ) smaller font . yeah . and then transfer it . yeah , so- . ( tomas ) i can do it . ( david ) yeah . yeah . actually on- , only these two , two . only your , your - . pictures are so fine pgf . ( tomas ) hm . ( david ) the other some like pdf and i think so i , i ( need ) to , um -.. yeah , this is , this is , this is like , this is google docs . it needs to be , to be - . yeah . to be done better . but ok . so in my , my chapter i , um , still don\u00b4t have the first part finished . it needs to be rewritten . but the chocolate is already in the box but i need to - . rearrange the chocolates . but it\u00b4s only the introduction and like the word alignment element i think . and then it should be , it should be more or less written . so from 5.2. maybe is - . yeah , missing - . um , maybe i would , i , i - . some , in some parts i would , i could write more but ... yeah and there are some pictures missing . ( jindrich ) so if i want to read something i should start , um , with section ? 5.2 and - . ( david ) 5.2 . ( jindrich ) and go on . ( david ) it\u00b4s - . yeah . because 5.1 you , you already read it and i haven\u00b4t changed it . ( jindrich ) ok . ( david ) um , so , so 5.2 and 5.3. yeah , the , the pictures will be , will be changed within so the- , they , they should be nicer but , um- . 5.2 , syntactic function , dependency trees , so yeah . this will written by tom\u00e1\u0161 and i have , i have rewritten some , some parts so that it more fits the , the book . um , it\u00b4s consequency trees . and yeah , maybe we will , we will remove this table , i i don\u00b4t know . ( tomas ) hm . ( david ) um , um , yeah , and this is - . this i - . yeah . i have rewritten a bit the 5.3 but , um , it 's still , there is still missing the last , last part of this and some discussion o- , on this part so there is still missing something and the end of this sub- , subsection . ( jindrich ) hm . and there - . yeah , today morning i wrote or today night i , i wrote this conclusion but yeah , i don\u00b4t know . so this is more or less written but yeah , some parts still need to be rewritten and , and the pictures may- , must be done better . ok . so , tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tomas ) hm , ok . can i share my screen ? ( david ) yeah . ( tomas ) or do i have the pdf of - . ( rudolf ) switch it . ( tomas ) share my screen . ( ? ? ) entire screen . ok . do you see my screen ? ( david ) yes . ( tomas ) yes . ok . do you see the book ? ( david ) yeah . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( tomas ) ok . wait a minute . hm , i don\u00b4t - . single page , hm . ok . so chapter 3 , the first - . ok . the first part is written i guess and i\u00b4m sure that it would , um , like i\u00b4m sure that , um , it would benefit from further reading and comments and rewriting and so on . the `` to do '' section here can be safely deleted . it\u00b4s just things that can be added but are not essential . then there is this 3.1 methods for interpreting ( memoral ) networks and i thought david said he would write something . ( david ) yeah . yeah , i said it but i haven\u00b4t written . ( tomas ) hm . and yeah , then there\u00b4s this 3.2 which i\u00b4m not sure if it belongs here or what to do with it but i think we can decide that at the end . ( david ) i think this was , yeah , ruda\u00b4s , ruda\u00b4s , this was ruda\u00b4s thing . so- . ( jindrich ) this is what ruda moved into my chapter and then i moved , moved it here . ( david ) yeah . i , i promised that i will , i will , i would , i will move fast of my introduction of my chapter to here as well because these , these are , these two texts are very , very similar . ( tomas ) ok . well , i\u00b4m not sure how - . ( david ) so ( ? ? ) in , in our plan , um , it is - . um , where it is ? ( tomas ) where is our plan ? here ? this plan ? ( rudolf ) no , the - . ( david ) yeah , yeah , this one . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , yeah , this is 3.1 . ( tomas ) yeah . ( david ) ruda and me . rewrite and move there something from , from chapter 5 . ( tomas ) ok and then there\u00b4s this chapter which i need to move this . that\u00b4s also in the to do list . 4.1 , 4.2 , move . and then - . yeah , i finally managed to train fasttext embeddings . and as you can see the bands are actually there . now what - . now what\u00b4s strange the fasttext image here seems much more , um , similar to the original glove image here . it\u00b4s much more similar than the glove that i trained . and word2vec is still just noise so i\u00b4m not sure what to make of this . ( jindrich ) well , isn \u2019 t , isn\u00b4t it just because of the colours ? of the colour scale ? ( tomas ) no . this is the same colour scheme . ( jindrich ) ok . yeah , but i mean - . ( tomas ) these - . this , this is different . ( jindrich ) yeah , but - ( tomas ) you can see the , the bands here and the bands here in the fasttext\u00b4s image are similar . ( jindrich ) but , but my point is that if you , if you would try to like shift the mean of the glove colour scale you might end up with the same image as , as they , as they had . they just like optimised this through the , they might it , might have optimised it virtual so it\u00b4s more visible . ( rudolf ) so , so basic ( ? ? ) the numbers should be normalised a bit . ( tomas ) well , i\u00b4m not sure what do you mean because - . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . like they don\u00b4t probably have the same , um , like the same mean , um , in the different models . so if you just divide them by the mean in all the images . ( tomas ) nothing happens , right . ( jindrich ) nothing happens . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) because the , the scale is automatically adjusted to , to show the whole range . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) so - . ( jindrich ) yeah , but , but it ( ? ? ) . what i\u00b4m saying they , they , they might have use something lumenier just to , just to make it more visible . ( rudolf ) aha . ( tomas ) i was thinking about that . well , i\u00b4ll look into it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) but it\u00b4s strange that the fasttext - ( jindrich ) yeah , yeah . ( tomas ) shows this structure right away . ( rudolf ) yeah . my understanding was different . i thought maybe some of the embeddings do have some extremes . so if you include these extremes , then most of it will be squashed . so if you , if you like cut off the top and bottom , 5 % maybe it could be different . ( tomas ) yeah , that\u00b4s option . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) on scale but - . ( tomas ) that\u00b4s what may be happening in this glove image but why isn\u00b4t the same thing happening here ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) or why is it happening here ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) and - . i don\u00b4t know . it\u00b4s strange . ( tomas ) it\u00b4s possible for czech , not for english . ( tomas ) yes . yes . but fasttext shows the structure and the others don\u00b4t . strange thing . anyway , images , images , images , bla , bla , bla . yeah . i\u00b4ve , um , written something about debiassing . i wrote a conclusion . so in the end the only things left for the to dos is the , is - . ( ? another language ? ) and then 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 which i\u00b4m confident i can do today so - . tonight the chocolates will be in the box . and you can comment on them and then i rewrite the chocolates . and the chapter will be done . ( jindrich ) um , are you planning to do something about , about the figures ? ( tomas ) what ? ( rudolf ) my figures or figures in general or tom\u00e1\u0161\u00b4s figures ? ( jindrich ) tom\u00e1\u0161\u00b4s figures . for instance 4.1 . ( tomas ) yeah , 4.1. i will either move it to your chapter or delete it . ( jindrich ) um , right . and tell me what , um , how does it - . because i think it\u00b4s , this is basically the same as my figure , um- . where is it , um , where is it ? where is that ? um , 1.9 . ( tomas ) yeah , well - . 1.9 . 1.9 . 1.2 , 1.4 , 1.9. yeah . it\u00b4s probably almost the same thing . i don\u00b4t know . i - . one thing is that your figure is quite ugly . ( jindrich ) at the other one would , would totally different fonts and - . ( tomas ) yeah . ( jindrich ) and then so it\u00b4ll be beautiful . ( tomas ) that\u00b4s true . also these figures are not completely the same because the , the original bengio model had some , um , i\u00b4ll - . how do i get back to the - . here . hm , hm , hm . it has these lines . what do you call them ? dashed lines ? ( jindrich ) yeah . ( tomas ) they are some connections directly between embeddings and the soft max layer . ( jindrich ) um - . ( tomas ) but yeah , also i think this is - . ( jindrich ) that\u00b4s ( line ) only say that , um , that you can find the , um , the probability value for word at depositions it\u00b4s - . it doesn\u00b4t mean any like computational connection . ( tomas ) hm . ( jindrich ) and because i thought it was confusing it\u00b4s not in my figure . ( tomas ) ok . ok . so i think i will delete this figure . also i think this is a bitmap image so it should be deleted anyway . yeah . i will delete this figure and i may do something with your figure so- . ( jindrich ) ok . ( tomas ) because like - . what i don\u00b4t like here is for example this arrow here . ( jindrich ) ok . well , if i , if i make the , the sub sign smaller it will , it will get fixed probably . because in my dissertation it wasn\u00b4t like this . ( tomas ) yeah . ( jindrich ) with a different fonts . ( tomas ) also these arrows in general are ugly . but yeah . other then that i don\u00b4t need the figure when this figure is here so i 'll delete it . ( david ) ( ? ? ) my part write your text , um , like 4.2 or 4.3 and then you can , you can make this figure , um , better . ( tomas ) yeah . sure . ( jindrich ) by the way this is the very first image i , i made in tix and the code is really terrible . don\u00b4t , don\u00b4t get scared when you , when you open the source . ( tomas ) i\u00b4ve seen . i think i\u00b4ve seen worse . and - . also , yeah , hm - . hm . hm . i think - . ok . i - . this is also ugly . ( jindrich ) you are ugly . ( tomas ) well , i\u00b4m but i\u00b4m not putting my face into the book . anyway , yeah , we can leave the ugly figures to the end . ( david ) please , first finish , finish the text . ( tomas ) yeah . ( david ) and figures at least in , in some - yeah , at these day they should be there but they , they might ugly or we , we need to know what is there , what is in the figure . ( tomas ) yeah . ( david ) not if the figure is ugly or not and then - . ( tomas ) i mean , i guess - . ( david ) you can make the figures , improve the figures . ( tomas ) yeah , i think we can improve the figures after it\u00b4s been sent to the reviewers right ? if we don\u00b4t change the content of the figures just how they look . ( david ) yeah , yeah . i think , yeah . it , it is possible to change it after . so if it , if we have it in pdf and not it pgf , it\u00b4s no problem i think . if only - . ( tomas ) yeah . ( david ) if only ( the font ) change and the , the , the picture will be exactly the same only nicer and then it\u00b4s ok . so yeah . so first , yeah , the text and is the highest priority . ( tomas ) hm . ( david ) they , then , then the - . ( tomas ) sure . hm . so yeah . so yeah , the figure 4.1 will be deleted . any other questions about my figures ? ( jindrich ) hm , probably not . ( tomas ) do i have any other interesting figures ? not really . ( jindrich ) just , just avoid an other ( ? ? ) font , that\u00b4s fine . ( david ) you will have figures in the missing sections like pca and ica . ( tomas ) yeah , probably . yeah . ( jindrich ) and what about figure 4. sick ? ( tomas ) 4.sick ? ( jindrich ) which is a bit map ? ( tomas ) yeah , well ... yeah . it is a bit map . yeah . i think i may be able to find the source and generate a tix file . although , um , i wo n't be - . ( david ) ( ? ? ) is diploma thesis ? ( tomas ) yes . so i\u00b4m sure i can generate a tix file for this big cloud . i will have to rewrite the cropping thing because that\u00b4s done on the bit map . but yeah . we can leave that after - . ( david ) ( ? ? ) in the big cloud will be visible ? in the - . ( tomas ) well , it will be resible , visible as it is visible now . maybe it will be visible if it\u00b4s tix . i mean if i - . ( jindrich ) it will take forever to ( ? ? ) . ( tomas ) like right now , um . it\u00b4s , hm . like it\u00b4s almost readable now when it\u00b4s a bit map so if , if it was text it would be readable . yeah , i mean i can read it . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( tomas ) even though it\u00b4s quite ugly at this resolution so - . yeah , but ok , i\u00b4ll , i\u00b4ll transform this from a bit map into proper text after everything else is done . ( jindrich ) and maybe before fixing my arrows . ( tomas ) hm , well . i don\u00b4t know . like this is just one bit map . do you have a bunch of arrows everywhere . ( jindrich ) um , and , and the same holes for , for , for , 4.8 which is a bit map too as , as well . ( tomas ) yeah . ( jindrich ) and , and 4.9. which will be english . ( tomas ) ok . and 4.10 and that\u00b4s not my figure . actually no . this seems to be vector . hm . cool . ( jindrich ) yeah , but at least you can replot it so it , so it has the same font as the book . ( tomas ) sorry , what ? ( jindrich ) you can replot it so it has the same font as a book . ( tomas ) hm . ok . i think about that . ( jindrich ) and , and it\u00b4s truly easy in inkscape . you just , you just open it in inkscape as a pdf and save it as a pdf with ( latech ) text labels . ( tomas ) hm , ok . i would have to install inkscape for that . i guess i that , can do that . ( jindrich ) it\u00b4s one ( commented ) a common line . ( tomas ) oh . ( jindrich ) and , and half of giga byte disk space . ( tomas ) yeah , that , um - . inkscape . well , it says only 170 mb that , yeah . ( jindrich ) hm . ( tomas ) ok , i can do that . after the text is written . and finished . ( david ) ok , so please , um . when you finish your parts made the lines in the , in the lsd schuzky document , um , green . ( rudof ) hm . ( david ) so that i know that you , you really have it , the chocolate is ordered in the box . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and so the deadline is today . today midnight . and yeah , if i don\u00b4t see the , the green lines and i don\u00b4t see that it is really done in the comment i will , i will , i don\u00b4t know . send you something . ugly pictures in the - . ( tomas ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so do you think you can make it to- , today or - ? more or less ? ( tomas ) i think so . i - . the only thing missing for me is add pca and ica which i can basically copy from other texts . ( david ) yeah , but then you need to reorder the chocolates . ( tomas ) yeah , sure . but at least it will be there and then move , move 4.1 , 4.2 , that\u00b4s also like 0,5 hour at most and then write something about probing i guess . well , i think i ca- , i can manage to do that today . ( david ) ok . and then where it is finished . or when it\u00b4s written somehow we should all of us , we should read it all , all of book and comment it . what is missing where and yeah , where are the problems and other things . i was , um , searching what were the reviewers of the other , um , of the previous \u00fafal books . ( jindrich ) hm . ( david ) and i think that it is not as - . for example daniel zeman the word of tokens , text and trees , the reviewers are alexandr rosen , barbora vidov\u00e1 hladk\u00e1 . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( david ) so this is the last book , um - . katerina veselsk\u00e1 , ( sentiment analyzy ) in czech . so this is written in english at least . the reviewers alexandr rosen , pavel smr\u017e . so it\u00b4s really outside czechia . um - . michal nov\u00e1k , but it was dissertation so there would be there his opponent ( ? ? ) , alexandr rosen . alexandr rosen is everywhere . with like university . then this ( ? ? ) \u0161\u00e1rka . so yeah , so they have like the - . matej ( ogrodicuk ) , ekaterina ( ? ? ) . ok , so these are two , like two , two reviewers are outside . but , but , um , i think if we have like , like one ( ? ? ) reviewer from , from czechia , it\u00b4s ok . so like - . can we - . but it , it - . i think it\u00b4s better if we have , when we have the book alm- , almost finished , we can , we can ask someone . or - . do you mean i should , i should ask someone now ? ( rudolf ) i think - . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( david ) it would be at least abstract or i don\u00b4t know if i ask only , ok , we will have a book with ( ? ? ) about - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) 160 pages . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and it\u00b4s about hidden in the layers . ( rudolf ) so do we have some kind of abstract at some - ( david ) we have the preface . pre- . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) which is nice . but it\u00b4s not abstract . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s like the questions . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jindrich ) i was also thinking about the preface don\u00b4t we need like a real introduction that , that all of the books have ? like what exactly you will find in the book , um , how is it structured , how should you read the book - . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , that , that\u00b4s missing . because we have , yeah , after preface we have a background but this is deep learning . ( jindrich ) yep . ( david ) in the begginings of - . yeah . yeah , so we definitely should have something like introduction . so i will add it into our to do list . and do we have , um , conclusion or sum- , summary of our book ? i think not yet ? have you have something ? ( rudolf ) yeah , ( ? ? ) summary . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s the conclusion from my one you need to move . ( david ) yeah , i know , i know . i , i just - ( rudolf ) yeah , on it . ( david ) wha- , what would be the different between like the - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah . cause we will have like 3 , 3 conclusions . ( rudolf ) no . ( david ) and then , then one sum- , summary . ( rudolf ) alright . we are . yeah . ( david ) one of conclus- ( jindrich ) um . i\u00b4m not sure if it\u00b4s , if it\u00b4s the same ? i mean , um , you can have some conclusions that you draw from , from the book , from , from , from the research you , you made but the summary of , of the book is something else . book , books often have summaries . and , and they have the summaries in multiple languages so - . sometimes . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , anyway would we put something different into a book conclusion and into a book summary ? ( jindrich ) boo- , book , book summary is , is more like , um , lon- , longer abstract usually . ( rudolf ) aha . ( david ) but the introduction would be also something like , like what , what is the - . ( jindrich ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah and i guess - . ( david ) book about . ( rudolf ) the conclusion of the book would also be something like that . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s as a , it\u00b4s like a paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) first you write what are you going to present , then you present it and then you - . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) write what , what you presented . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) but - . ( jindrich ) tom\u00e1\u0161 brought some book . ( rudolf ) what ? ( jindrich ) that tom\u00e1\u0161 brought some books to , to , to have a look how , how they are structured . ( david ) aha . ( jindrich ) and there are no rules , um , it , in the books series that we should have a summary and , and summary in czech and something like that . ( rudolf ) yeah , the series said that the summary is obligatory . but i don\u00b4t think it says more about what should be in the summary or , or , or so . um - . yeah , summary in english must be in every czech book . that\u00b4s the only rule it says . ( david ) aha . ( rudolf ) so we have an english book so there is no rule . ( david ) so for example dan zeman has conclu- , concluding tokens and then summary . so lets see what he has in this ( ? ? ) according to . what he has there ? um- . now list of tables , the figures - summary . that was , seems something like abstract . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , so it\u00b4s like one page abstract . hm . ( david ) yeah . and concluding tokens - . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s more like ( future ) ( ? ? ) so - . ( david ) hm . ( ? ? ) is inside . ok . and what about introduction ? introduction is not there . but this is like related work is included . ok . so let\u00b4s - . we can write the summary which is kind of abstract and - . ( jindrich ) and if the book is too short we can the summary in czech . ( david ) yeah , we can . so how , how long is - . ( tomas ) and in german . and in french . ( jindrich ) ( ? ? ) , yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tomas ) and then we can - . ( david ) ( ? ? ) to - . ( tomas ) we can have a transformer transform the summary into hindo . ( david ) and dan , dan\u00b4s book is coh- , 158 so it\u00b4s almost the same size of the book . ( tomas ) so are we gon na be like measuring books with - . with dan or what ? ( david ) so it , yeah . so it , i think it it maybe , yeah . it , it is a book . it is not like ( ? ? ) or something . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ok . so anything else ? ( tomas ) hm . who\u00b4s book in the series is the longest ? ( david ) i think longest would be the like lexicons . ( jindrich ) or katka veselsk\u00e1 might be a good candidate . ( david ) no , no , no . zik\u00e1nov\u00e1 , jehlicov\u00e1 , hladk\u00e1 , j\u00ednov\u00e1 , bla , bla , bla , 274 . ( jindrich ) hm . ( david ) marek cech , 276 . ( jindrich ) hm . ( david ) zdenka ore\u0161ov\u00e1 , 375 . ( jindrich ) wau . ( david ) but this is ( ? ? ) lexicon . ( jindrich ) ok . ( david ) but other books like dan zeman , 158 , michal nov\u00e1k , 162 . yeah , so wa- . so is there any book which is shorter than our ? so far ? no . \u0161tep\u00e1nov\u00e1 barbora , 149 . but i think we , we\u00b4ll add some of the , some pictures and will be there . bojar ondrej , 119 . ( tomas ) ( ? ? ) , 110 . ( david ) yeah , homola petr , 110 . so it is , it is ok . so we , we have to write it somehow and so it\u00b4s readable , readable and - . tom\u00e1\u0161 wanted to do hackaton in czech for - . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s , yeah . ( david ) yeah , they will do all the , all the errors . ( rudolf ) yeah , they are undefined references not ( reply ) defined labels . some defined cit- , citations - . ( david ) yeah , these are - . yeah , many of these are probably mine because i , i don\u00b4t care so far . cause first i want to write a text and then i will , then i will solve the - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) all these errors . ( tomas ) well , it\u00b4s hard not to introduce new errors when i , when there is so much errors that i ca n't see if i\u00b4m introducing new errors . ( rudolf ) yeah , i agree . ( david ) hm . yeah , ok . i , i will , i will , i will go through it and , and try to fix that is missing , missing things . ( rudolf ) yeah , so there are some citations that are not in the zotero format so they\u00b4re definitely will be always missing . ( jindrich ) hm . ( tomas ) the thing is from my survey . ( rudolf ) might be . ( tomas ) so - . ( david ) but have i think i have rewritten them , all of them . ( rudolf ) that 's what this is , this is , this is for now . ( david ) this is for now ? aha . ( rudolf ) but it\u00b4s - . ( david ) yeah , but this is , this is , yeah , this is in the table . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) i haven\u00b4t - . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) this is the , the citation in the table . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i , i ( ? ? ) that . ok , so this is the table . so i will , i will comment it although . alright . ( rudolf ) ok . hm . there is some missing citation which lost or something . ( david ) ok , so yeah . so maybe we can , we can end this session and , and finish the writing . ( tomas ) and so the next meeting is ? ( david ) yeah , next meeting is , um- . the , um- . ( rudolf ) in two weeks . ( david ) in two weeks . monday . 13th july . like - . ( tomas ) ok and - . ( david ) going to be before , before the theatre meeting ? ( tomas ) after the theatre meeting it seems . ( david ) after ? ( rudolf ) um - . so , yeah . the theatre meeting is plan , planned 12:30 and currently lsd is - . ( david ) hm . ok , so after . after the meeting . ( rudolf ) um - . ( david ) but - . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . um , maybe it can be even before . um , if we want that . ( tomas ) but when will we go to lunch if the meeting is before ? ( rudolf ) ok , yeah . ( tomas ) like - . ( rudolf ) so it should be after . ( david ) yeah , ok , it will be after in our office . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because here ( ? ? ) after . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) so it\u00b4s lunch , theatre meeting , lsd meeting and \u00fafal beer . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . i think . ( jindrich ) so what time is the meeting ? ( rudolf ) 2 p.m. ( david ) 2 p.m. ( jindrich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , the document says that , um , it\u00b4s through . ( jindrich ) ok . i thought you just changed the time because of the lunch . so it\u00b4s still 2 p.m. ( david ) yeah . ( tomas ) yeah , it\u00b4s 2 p.m. so that we can go to lunch before the theatre meeting . ( david ) yeah . ( jindrich ) ok . ( david ) the theatre meeting is 12:30 or ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , as usual . ok , so i will be sending you many slack messages . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) if you haven\u00b4t written everything . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and you would , you would need to read all the book and - . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and we\u00b4ll see . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah . yeah , i have holiday from thursday but i think i will do some work even in the holiday . ( david ) yeah , i , i have holiday the next week . so the whole the next week i probably will not do anything . ( jindrich ) um - . ( tomas ) i also officially have holiday next week but i will be working . ( jindrich ) just an off topic question . do you plan to watch the acl lectures ? during the next week ? or what are your plans at \u00fafal ? ( rudolf ) potentially , yeah . um , well , jindra helcl - . ( david ) yeah , we all - . ( rudolf ) suggested something on slack . and basically - . ( jindrich ) and no one applied ? ( rudolf ) he didn\u00b4t investigate how this really works . but my plan is that if he organises something than i will join happily . ( jindrich ) ok . ( tomas ) yeah , me too . ( rudolf ) but i did , i didn\u00b4t check the acl website . i , i\u00b4m not registered for acl anyway and i didn\u00b4t understand much like how it\u00b4s really works and i didn\u00b4t have time to investigate it so i\u00b4m just waiting so if somebody else like prepares it for me and says me , sit here and watch this and - . ( jindrich ) there are , there are pre-recorded presentations and a- , after there are broadcasted , there are live qa sessions . ( david ) hm . ( jindrich ) this is how the pre- , paper presentation looks like . and there are , are tutorials on sunday . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so the presentation will be , presentation will be separated from the , um , question and answering sessions so - . ( rudolf ) hm . so , so the presentations will be broadcasted like prerecorded and then the qa will be live . ( jindrich ) yes . ( rudolf ) that make some sense . ( jindrich ) ok . if you want to prevent like situations one , one , no one someone\u00b4s internet connection breaks during the presentation or something like that . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . but the , um , but the presentations they will still be kind of live . so they will be a broadcast . so it won\u00b4t be like - . ( jindrich ) yes . ( rudolf ) you can watch it a day before or . ( jindrich ) no . though , though you need to watch it at , at the given time and ( ? ? ) for each paper there are two time slots . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jindrich ) so like people all over the world can watch it . ( tomas ) do you have to be registered for the tutorials ? ( jindrich ) pfff . i don\u00b4t know . i\u00b4m registered . ( tomas ) and did you , did you have to like select a tutorial ? ( jindrich ) yes . ( tomas ) ok . ( jindrich ) um , but you can , you can ask questions live on zoom . so perhaps all ( ? ? ) who are registered will get zoom link and will , will be able to ask questions and , and maybe the others can watch it as well , i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomas ) hm , i\u00b4d like to watch the interpretability and analysis tutorial . ( jindrich ) yeah , that\u00b4s - . ( tomas ) it\u00b4s with belinkov . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) aha . ( jindrich ) it\u00b4s sunday at 3 p.m. if i have recall correctly . ( tomas ) it says here 6 a.m. seattle time . i don\u00b4t know what that is . ( jindrich ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it is 3 p.m. , 3 p.m. our time . ( rudolf ) ok . i will be on the train at this time . ( tomas ) is it necessary to be here in person to watch it or ? ( rudolf ) in defence we don\u00b4t know how to links work , yeah , so . ( tomas ) ( ? ? ) . ok . ( rudolf ) i think it should work ( badly ) if you\u00b4re here and somebody else also wants to watch the same thing and he\u00b4s registered which i don\u00b4t know if , if it will be true . ( tomas ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know how many people are registered actually . i know jindra helcl is registered and johana kvapil\u00edkov\u00e1 is registered and maybe ondra du\u0161ek is registered . and i don\u00b4t know if people can watch if they\u00b4re not registered . or unless they\u00b4re watching with someone- . ( david ) share the links . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and the password or i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i haven\u00b4t looked into it . so i don\u00b4t know how it works . you know something more ? you\u00b4re registered so you don\u00b4t care and - . ( jindrich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomas ) ( ? ? ) be this like screening here or other ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . i think that\u00b4s kind of the plan but , um , yeah . it definitely at least depends on what other people want to watch . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) so i don\u00b4t know how many parallel sessions there are but i ( ? ? ) a lot again . ( jindrich ) so if , if , if , if jindra is there registered one and the ( ? ? ) one on what sessions ( ? ? ) all the time . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s possible . like one of could register as well . but i don\u00b4t know how we would ( ? ? ) for it . ( david ) ( ? ? ) because we , we need to pay for it and if we don\u00b4t have any , any paper there . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so - . so anything else or we can , we can end this session and . so see you . ( jindrich ) alright . ( tomas ) bye . ( jindrich ) have a nice day you . ( rudolf ) bye , bye .", "tgt": "deadline to stop the adding content to the book: the meeting date ; i.e . 30-06-2020 midnight cet . finish the incomplete sections of the book and sub-sections with no content ( i.e . on multi linguality ) . add more pictures and of improved quality , inclusive data sources . additional pictures to be devised from figures and tables occurring in the book as original content . consult further resources on topics of named entities , grammatical errors and event factuality . non-original text and pictures need to be cited accordingly , inclusive exact pages and licence attributes . optimise the conclusions in the book ; write the book introduction and summary as per series regulations . perform formal changes , coordinate fonts , and optimise picture gloves and text embeddings . next stage: to review the complete text written by all contributors to the book . next meeting: 13-07-2020 at 14:00 pm cet . suggested participation on pre-recorded acl presentations , related live q & a sessions and tutorials ."}
{"src": " ( david ) ok , so let\u00b4s start . um , um , i sumbitted , um , last week , um , previous week , i submitted the paper ( i working ) to helsinky to p- , pbml . so we have the second , second , um - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) article in the , in the journal . so we have , i think now we have everything what we have promised , um , for , for this grant . ( ? ? ) the book . ( ? ? ) pbml . so , um , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) i can\u00b4t hear you davide . ( david ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i can barely hear you . ( david ) ok . so i will speak , speak up . ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( david ) is it better now ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i should the only one hear you , it\u00b4s tom\u00e1\u0161 . when you or he just - it\u00b4s not good and i can hear ( ? ? ) . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sound settings , so . input . ha . surely , surely the default micro- , microphone is the camera mic- now , i think that now you should hear us better . ( rudolf ) ( david ) so it is better ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , it is . ( david ) yeah , great . ( jind\u0159ich ) but i can hear ( ? ? ) myself . like one second later after i say something , i , i hear it once again . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ha , but it did not happen now . so maybe it just get fixed by itself . alright . it\u00b4s good now . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) what was that ? so , um , yeah . um , yeah , should i say i , i haven\u00b4t read our book for the last week and this morning i couldn\u00b4t , i couldn\u00b4t read it so i , i have no , um , i don\u00b4t know how it is , in what shape it is now . or maybe everyone of you can say what , what , what was done and what is still missing and what we read and ... ruda ? ( rudolf ) yeah . i can do that . hm ... tom\u00e1\u0161 ( ? ? ) the book and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the book . the book . the book is here . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) with jind\u0159ich maybe . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , the book is here and jind\u0159ich is there . ( rudolf ) so ... yeah , maybe is the , is the cabel from the ( ? ? ) long enough ? ok , so ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( maybe i can ) share the screen with jind\u0159ich . ( rudolf ) um ... um ... so ... um ... the , this , this thigs right here . it\u00b4s here ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s there . yeah . no . ok , select window , you can select the - ok , i will select like lsd book . now , now ... you should now see the book . now you see the book . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . yeah , i do . ( rudolf ) ok , um , so i\u00b4m still missing the introduction so it\u00b4s stil this , um , this , this ( bullets ) which i plan to rewrite into the text like one to put this text away . and i still didn\u00b4t touch morfology so i still need to rewrite it into sentences . but the rest of the book or as rest of my chapture now should be kind of ( okish ) so , um , it\u00b4 s ready for comments i would say . now for syntax , um , i split it into constituency syntax , dependancy syntax , some other things that i go ( up on ) syntax and i ( phase ) writed in the way that i tried to sumarize the knowledge and then add evidence from the papers . um , i took coreference at the separate thing because i see the something beetween syntax and semantics and for semantics , um , for some difference is missing . um , ( ? ? ) missing before this somebody do something better ( to be fine ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , one maybe different , um , no , maybe - um ... just a minute . um , i , maybe i just didn\u00b4t compile it properly . where is the ( mas ) , where is the ( mas ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) let me just surround ... yes . ok , i think it\u00b4s still ( fix in self in ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and above the minute and half . ( rudolf ) yeah , some for semantics a group ( ? ? ) semantic tagging and this kind of semantic ( rolebiling ) stuff i have noun gender at semantics . it\u00b4s writed to the debiassing which i don\u00b4t think it\u00b4s trully ready . um , i don\u00b4t know if maybe it is a ( negotiation ) in ( ? ? ) there\u00b4s semantics but i ( ? ? ) . and word senses this is already there , um , ( ? ? ) seems a bit polishing . um , word knowledge , yeah , i did that , context , i haven\u00b4t seen what i\u00b4ve written there so i don\u00b4t know if it\u00b4s ready . um , and i , yeah , something happend ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so far the references text . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s there . ( david ) it\u00b4s there . ( rudolf ) um , and there is , um , the comparison of individual architecture so it ( ? ? ) now somehow and i think david had ( ? ? ) that tomasz has a survey re- , related to this . like what , like we were - ( tomasz ) yeah , and , and - ( rudolf ) so , so - so probably you can look at what\u00b4s here and then - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) and see what , what - ( tomasz ) hm , hm , hm . ( rudolf ) what can be added or merge . and this was already done before and , yeah , this one is probably still ( ? ? ) . and yeah , the multilinguality i basically just copy-pasted the paper we have with jind\u0159ich . so not , not the whole paper but kind of the introduction and related work and i tried to rearrange it , put it into the book but maybe it\u00b4s too long and too detailed because it would long on detail in the paper so , um , oh , and jind\u0159ich added the centroids , um , you did there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( rudolf ) nice . and , yeah , and i wrote a conclusion , um , to that\u00b4s high level view so , so i , it should be mostly in a good shape . it\u00b4s a ( 40 ) intro and the morfology . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) ok , so - so we can read it now and comment it . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think so . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i skimmed trough the multilinguality section and i still have the question i , i had in slack . um , when it is our work , should we like pretend it\u00b4s some , um , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s the self as someone else work ? or should we like explicitely play this is our contribution ? because you said libovick\u00fd and al say something , shouldn\u00b4t we rather say we , we say something ? ( david ) yeah , um , i don\u00b4t know . first , first i had it like , um ... the other way , then i changed it that , that we - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) we made this and they made that . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t have any ( ? ? ) opionion with - ( rudolf ) i think - ( david ) what is , what is better ? ( rudolf ) i think we still want to sign the paper so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , we do . ( rudolf ) so the different where you say libovick\u00fd and al did that or we , libovick\u00fd and al did that . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) or , or we - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t see a big difference actually . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i do . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , also , um , the definition of the `` odborn\u00e1 kniha '' - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , should say that , that , that it should be our , our general awork so we can if you want to pretend that it\u00b4s like , um , that we present our original work in a context of , of other work then we should explicitely - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t think - ( jind\u0159ich ) claim what , what ou- , what\u00b4s ours . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think we agree that our work is doing the survey , i know , well , you know . ( david ) yeah , i , i think , yeah . it , it looks better if we refer to our work in , in the same way as , as the other . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but , yeah . i don\u00b4t know what is - ( rudolf ) like my understanding is that like writing the book is our own work but i don\u00b4t know . like people publish survey books and i don\u00b4t know if they fit the definition but i don\u00b4t see problem there . like we read the papers and we interpreted what we found and we commented on it somehow that - like in i , i feel that in some ( herious ) like i don\u00b4t know historical research is ( open ) the only thing you do you . get some sources and just comment on them so - ( david ) yeah . i - we , yeah , we can also ( ? ? ) book into other , other book . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) so made for , for this type of grant of they reffer to their own paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . why would you , why would you refer to your own paper and someone else\u00b4s paper . it\u00b4s like , the usual reason is that you have to prepare the manuscript for a ( doubleblind ) review but that\u00b4s not the case here . ( rudolf ) but - ( david ) yes . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s not how the person the same authors as the authors of the book anyway so it is like on some ( ? ? ) some ( ? ? ) even ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , the thing is that if you refer to your papers in the different way then the other papers , the , the whole book looks like more , um , more like , um , that you present your work in context of the other . for us if you refer to older papers on same way like more like survey . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . i don\u00b4t know . on the other hand if you refer to your papers as someone else\u00b4s paper it looks like , um , what do you call it in english , like don\u00b4t appeal to authority which is not there like ... ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . if trust my paper\u00b4s more than some of the other papers that i refer to . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well but - i still think that you should like present them like your papers but , um , as , it\u00b4s something that ( ? ? ) community . also like naturally that\u00b4s exactly what you are saying . you are biass words your own papers and i think that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the reader has the right to know that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you might be biass to - ( david ) hm , yeah . that\u00b4s right . because other way should- , we wouldn\u00b4t choose - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) our papers . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) papers as , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and by pretending that like or pretending , nice , refering to the paper as someone else\u00b4s paper you i ( disbiass ) from the reader . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s anyway , ( ? ? ) in the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , well , but the , the reader - ( rudolf ) yeah . so imagine it\u00b4s like ( lui and chu ) and no idea like , ok , some random chinese names and so - ( jind\u0159ich ) and the ( discussion ) in the multilinguality paper , um , we , we kind of claim that , that the evaluation of the multilingual representation is , is not really showing the part and espects of the multilingual representations and we , and we take a really critical view on the other papers and , and say , our paper is the good one . which sounds really weird if li- , if we like pretain this is the objective des- , description from distance how , how it is . because we\u00b4ll taking the strong ( publicion ) in this case . ( rudolf ) we\u00b4ll probably taking the same position in other case in where , where we write in the book something or ? like i have other cases where i think that would be authors that doesn\u00b4t show anything and , or show something else and i say this in the book so , hm . i don\u00b4t seem big difference . ( jind\u0159ich ) but the difference is that , that you say , um , this is what the paper says and , and this is what we think and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and here you say , this is what the other papers say and this is what libovick\u00fd and al say and , and , and it gives a feeling of like , a feeling for the authority of the , of another paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) which , which is not , not really the case . this is still us thinking that , that , that our ( ? ? ) is better than , than the other one . ( rudolf ) i can see actually this paper i\u00b4m citing it\u00b4s libovick\u00fd , rosan , fraser , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) do we say , we and alex fraser think this or ? how would you say this cause you can not really say we when you think we and alex fraser but not all of us cause maybe tom\u00e1\u0161 and david don\u00b4t think so because they\u00b4re not authors of the paper ? so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so ok , like if you , if you really want to be a `` matfyz\u00e1k '' - then you write some of us and alex fraser - ( rudolf ) some of us and some other people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but i think you can just write we . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think do - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) unlike if , if the reader is interested in - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) precisely are that , there\u00b4s the citation . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yes . these we should ( agree ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ok . ( david ) we , we - ( rudolf ) we would say , we and , and ( ? ? ) the reference . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , sure . ( rudolf ) that , this and there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , yes , yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the , the reference has to be there in any case . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well that if you consider the paper to be like mostly ( ? ? ) i think ( maybe ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anywhere is a paper that we , you have just in , um , you\u00b4re like the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sixth author out of ten - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) then you can say , um , whohever and al . ( rudolf ) hm . ok . so , so we have agreed on saying we and then adding the reference . yeah ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and i\u00b4m thinking ( ? ? ) . yeah , i say the authors so it should maybe - yeah . the authors ( ? ? ) . hm . it\u00b4s probably more but ... ( david ) ok , so , um , so who would - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . yeah , um , so , um , so i just but , but briefly over it because i think anyway the plan is that well i , i try to fix the missing parts and you can start reading it and commenting it and itprobably doesn\u00b4t make sense to go over it now . ( david ) no , no , it - yeah , i think , yeah . so , is anyone who , who read it all ? all , the whole book or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( david ) ok . ok , so - um ... so could i - let\u00b4s - maybe - so who ... o- , ok , let\u00b4s go from the beginning to the end of the book and , and see what is , what is there . briefly see what is , what is missing there or what , what\u00b4s not . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) other . ok . ( ? ? ) is there , ( ? ? ) is too there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and i still think we should find the better motto . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . we should - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or we should write the book first . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s - yeah . ( rudolf ) and maybe read it as well . ( david ) yeah , so maybe read it . yeah , maybe someone should , should maybe comment here what is ( ? ? ) , what is not there . ok , the phase ( two ) . jind\u0159ich , you , you ( have ) , haven\u00b4t change the first , um , first chapture of the book ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( david ) so maybe , yeah . so maybe we still need to ( ? ? ) there . ( jind\u0159ich ) the chapture full off ugly arrows is still there . ( david ) ok . the notable models . um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) um , yeah . tom\u00e1\u0161 copied something there and i would probably delete it . ( david ) ok . so there are , so this is the language model , 24 , ( ? ? ) delete . word2vec was also copied by tom\u00e1- ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s jind\u0159ich\u00b4s ( favourite ) . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know what to do with these two , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , probably delete them . ( david ) yeah , it - because - yeah . i would start with word2vec . then what is there , attentions . transformer , ( ? ? ) elmo ... because the language models start with - with elmo , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i mean , i mean language model , neural language models started 15 years before elmo . ( david ) yes , but - yeah , i mean , um , notable neural models . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know how , if this , this could , could be included somehow or delete it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure either . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , i discussed how , um , how neural language model works in , in the previous chapter . what i , what i talk about the architectures . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and this chapture only , only presents like the notable models , the models that we are talking about later in the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so the section about the neural language models should maybe be merged to the previous chapture or deleted if it\u00b4s ( superfilus ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( overwrite ) . ( david ) so bert , yeah . how much we use gpt in the , in the , in the ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4m refered to it , um , i don\u00b4t say much about it , so maybe find anything really special about gpt wri- , written . i refer much to elmo and bert . ( david ) yeah , i , i also refer to it . so we can , we can delete ( ? ? ) , yeah . if you find that is ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) ok , so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in the chapture i commented on jind\u0159ich\u00b4s comments , um ... he didn\u00b4t comment on my comments on its comments . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) so this is already complete , tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or the - ( david ) or it\u00b4s something what\u00b4s missing ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) as , as , as i wrote somewhere i\u00b4m not sure maybe in slack . ( david ) yeah , you , you - the ruda\u00b4s slack . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the first part , um , is com- , i think it can be viewed as complete and in the - there are some to do things there but i think there are like optional . if we like there , there is more potential interesting things that we could write about if we read them carefully and so on but , um , they don\u00b4t really have to be there but then probing is not finished , unsupervised methods - ( david ) yeah , will be there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and to probings need to be merge ... on this is new here what i\u00b4ve written . then there on this thing ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so , yeah . so the unsupervised method , this is some- , like something what is ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) what is in pca and ica and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . and first thing ( ? ? ) enough , um , the ( facial ) tutorial basically ... oh , well , only mention these methods in the visualisation section . so ( forently ) trying to do something , um , quantitative with these methods is not very common . ( rudolf ) yeah . ok . ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) you can write it to the chapture ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what ? ( david ) what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) that you can write it in , in , in the chapture ? that the acl tutorial , um , mention these methods only for , um , only for visualisation and , and it\u00b4s probably not comment you to use them quantitatively . ( rudolf ) we do use them quantitatively ( visualisation ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh , i do . ( rudolf ) hm . you want to ( ? ? ) say i reffer somewhere to somebody who use pca to identify the , um , gender biass component . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , also - yeah , actually i also remember some paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) for example the principals of meaning . which also uses pca quantitatively . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . ( ? ? ) , um , the , the jind\u0159ich paper for multilinguality this uses clustering which even evaluate for the multi indentification . so there is a visualisation but it\u00b4s also use for , um , like quantitative evaluation . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) and then the introduction of ( ? ? ) is of ( ? ? ) unsupervised . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so it\u00b4s too divided the methods for probing and unsupervised . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) so ... then probing is defined or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , these are just notes from my theses proposal . these are some other notes as well . ( david ) so i haven\u00b4t , i haven\u00b4t read that but , but , yeah . it\u00b4s defined but i don\u00b4t , yeah , we should say what we mean by probing and , um , put the history of this theme that probing in the , yeah - the past it was these model , is that use for many , many methods , different methods and ... ( jind\u0159ich ) ( also ) the ica tutorial was talking about , about behaviour texting . are we mentioning this too ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... not yeat . ( rudolf ) why not ? ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and should , should we or shouldn\u00b4t we mention it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s a good question . ( david ) like ( ? ? real ) testing is ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i don\u00b4t know . for , for instant for gender biass it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um , the doctor came into the room and mask said that and , and , and you want to test what\u00b4s the probability of he and she being the ( word ) it . this an example of , of behaviouris testing . or ( ? ? ) goldberg , um , um , um , probe bert for some syntax ability using , using this like , like designing the set of comp- , of syntactically complicated sentences and , and was looking what\u00b4s the probability of the , of the correct , cor- , syntactic correctly words . being predict by bert . so this is behaviouristic testing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , the point is that you read the model as a ( blank ones ) only ( ? ? ) , usually you can ( struct ) some interesting thing ( ? ? ) that you something about a bit of the model . but yeah . i don\u00b4t really refer to any such papers in my chapture . maybe do i - ( rudolf ) yeah . so i don\u00b4t know the , um , who , who is the gender biass section ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i do . ( david ) tom\u00e1\u0161 . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well - ( jind\u0159ich ) we don\u00b4t refer to that but we can still say in this , in this , in this chapture that , that there is another way of testing the models and , and we are not interested in these methods . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . so , um , you have the ( ? ? ) some ( predics ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know , ( that is ) not yet . who do you want ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i want the - um ... um ... to do added somewhere after the unsupervised methods because - ( rudolf ) which file ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in which file ? interpretation . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) before this section . ( rudolf ) hidden states only . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i want to do that says behaviour- what\u00b4s the ending of the word ? ( jind\u0159ich ) ist . and the ( ? ? vaticular ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) this , right . i have my notes from the tutorials somewhere here . behavioral . ( jind\u0159ich ) behavioral . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and if - ( david ) which i don\u00b4t know from the , from the , the , um , the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , these are also the tutorial , they\u00b4re rather ( brief ) . i posted a link to this document in the slack . ( david ) yeah . can i , can i , can i watch the tutorial or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i posted the link to the tutorial in slack . ( david ) aha , ok . i will , i will - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i have ( send ) directly into ( livelive ) or what is also , you can watch it there . hm ... and there is also a part about interaction and i\u00b4m not sure if we want that as a section ? ( rudolf ) what does it mean ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) where is the window with jind\u0159ich ? ( rudolf ) hm . hm . hm , hm . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) do we want to discuss interaction ? ( rudolf ) what does it mean ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure . already things to be since the tutorial - i forgotten most of what i haven\u00b4t written down here . what was in the interaction part ? we can look at the slides on the tutorial . ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) where is the slack here ? ( david ) here . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) here is the slack link . and here are the slides , all 190 of them . ( a ) hi , i\u00b4m yonatan belinkov . ( david ) belinkov . ( ? ? ) our book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm , hm , hm . probing , classifiers . there is ruda\u00b4s analysis . and behavioral analysis . and there are examples here and ... oh , behavioral analysis . ( david ) ( how long ) is this tutorial ? 3 hours ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , almost 3 hours . and i think like the , the women who , women who talks about the behavioral analysis takes like , um , an hour and half from them and she says , what she says can be summed up in like 15 minutes but . . yeah , the ( ? ? ) says what was terrible at this meeting . there are ( usual ) analysis . ok , clustering , clustering , clustering and where is the - ok . an interactive visualisation . ok , i think for some reason more like the interactive thing was , was making thing - ( jind\u0159ich ) you mean , you mean the java script thing that he , that the guy was showing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but for some reason it was mention separately in this , somewhere ... yeah , i\u00b4m in the beginning again . hm . let\u00b4s find it there . there should be some summary slide at the beginning i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , i don\u00b4t think that , that\u00b4s relevant for the book at all . um , i mean he was talking about how to ( ? ? ) - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) to , to come up with hypotheses that can be later quantitatively tested . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so we don\u00b4t have to mentioned interaction . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) like the ( ? ? ) of word embeddings . this the ( ? ? ) what is it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , this is the interactive visualisation . ( rudolf ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know how this ( more ) like what was the embeddings ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , then they mentioned other methods and i don\u00b4t remember what other methods did they talk about . conclusion , conclusion . interactive visualisation . it doesn\u00b4t seem that they mention any other method . yeah , but here you can see that like , um , hm , hm , and this is like , yes , like that . ok . and can i actually share this with jind\u0159ich ? ( rudolf ) you can move it to the entire screen and share . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , this is , just the window is share . presenting , start presenting again . let\u00b4s , um , ah , i can actually share the second screen and now i can move , well , i can move this , this thing here . yes . do you see the slide ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i do . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , so here is like basically say then they are too brought ( approaches ) structure of , structure of probing and ( chelling ) says and ( ? ? ) says are the , the behavioral thing . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the visualisation is like a technic ( dot ) , can speed ( dot ) exploration but they don\u00b4t really consider it , um , the a ... ( david ) like interpreting . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , so we ... i think we have a different approach with the accent on unsupervised methods that , that we consider real methods and not just , um , some - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) expiration thing . ( david ) the- , their , their probing , um , methods were all like thing the - ( jind\u0159ich ) supervised . ( david ) supervised classifire . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think so . ( david ) or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , like most of the - i think most of the , um , belinkov\u00b4s part of the ( corel ) is concerned with , um , the classifires and like the discussion around should the classifires be simple or should they be powerfull and memorization . ( rudolf ) hm , is there an outcome ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , not really . ( rudolf ) in lot of the papers that i see too they seem to kind of the ( steam ) that if , if just the linear classifire or linear probe then it\u00b4s kind of ok . and , and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but then i can show you in the ( ? ? ) or i - i do - well . yeah . here . ( ? ? ) and al . argue that we should always choose the most complex probe since it will maximize the mutual information . and yeah . and not really - no . yeah , then vojta and ( titov ) mesure the probe complexity and probe quality and compare them . hm , both of these . hm , most of these , um , both of these papers are from 2020 and i haven\u00b4t read , read them yet . i\u00b4m not , i\u00b4m not sure that i follow this argument here . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , actually didn\u00b4t get the thing what , what the mutual information that belinkov was talking about . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , me neither . or maybe we , maybe we should read ( ? ? ) and al . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , but , yeah - so i think the , the conclusion was that like people are discussing it and there are different approaches . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , a few years , um , ago people were as he said , um , sort of , um , um , the word is - assuming - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that the , the linear classifire will not memorize and that\u00b4s a good thing . ( rudolf ) hm . well , there is a discussion but probably no . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no con- , no conclusion yet . i would say . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . i mentioned ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , this is rudolf ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... um ... the ( ? ? ) . i also didn\u00b4t like understand this part of the thought . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . well , yeah , i think that this maybe some ( ? ? ) . so ... yeah , the ( jerson ) alternative way to do things . but - hm . that\u00b4s all that belinkov said . so here we should mention the behavioral analysis ( we can ) , we should probably explicitely mention that our classification is some what uncommon when the accent un- , unsupervised methods . ( david ) yeah . because half of the , half we are chapture and almost whole of my chapture is unsupervised and the ruda\u00b4s ( ? ? ) is - ( rudolf ) also this , um , this is also unsupervised method , the neural . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm ... not really . like - ( rudolf ) you ( ? ? ) train - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well - ( david ) train but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you didn\u00b4t train anything but you\u00b4re constructing , um , you\u00b4re like - yeah , like you constructed a supervise data set . like for example in case of the biass detection you\u00b4re constructing a data set yourself and that\u00b4s the supervision , right . you\u00b4re - you have to - ( rudolf ) when it - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like there have to be a person who decides if , if - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like who decides the examples ... but yeah , maybe it\u00b4s something but doesn\u00b4t really ( thinking ) to this - ( david ) yeah , i think it\u00b4s something ( ? ? ) different if i ( ? ? ) to this thing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) maybe cause it is not - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i would say that we should - ( david ) ( ? ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe we should follow belinkov in , in classifying like the probing and our unsupervised methods as structure analysis . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s one thing . ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the behavioral analysis is - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) something different . ( david ) it\u00b4s something different . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) maybe can you want to learn some things like what\u00b4s there , what\u00b4s not there so ( want ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , we can the ( ? ? ) . you don\u00b4t train anything . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or you use structure task . ok . ( rudolf ) i know some people train , train a model to do machine translation and they say , yeah , it\u00b4s morfology translation to the most of the behavioral , tested on the task for which it was trained kind of . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , not necessarily . like i sort of but you\u00b4re testing specific thing - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like in case of language modeling - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , you\u00b4re not testing language modeling if you\u00b4re only testing the structure - ( rudolf ) not , not in general but , but you\u00b4re using just kind of observing the behavioral on - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) the virtual task or sort of you can find data set maybe - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) task same ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ok , ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , i probably have some , um , some things like that and think that i interpret but i didn\u00b4t know the , yeah , maybe i should comment . ( david ) ok , so ... we\u00b4ll do , we\u00b4ll do write them . so tom\u00e1\u0161 , you can ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ok . ( david ) you can write the probing and - ( rudolf ) probing - ( david ) someone who should - yeah . add the other methods to unsupervised methods because defined that only that ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and clustering with missing ( ? ? slash ) . ( david ) ok . or ( ? ? ) clustering . ( david ) yeah . and so you should mention the , um , behavioral thing . yeah . yeah . what we should do with this hidden states ( corespondence ) thing ( could ) work . hm . i - yeah . because - it is ( ? ? ) across of all the , all the chaptures done . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) or - tom\u00e1\u0161 , you , you use only , only - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . i , i don\u00b4t have any hidden states so ... ( david ) yeah , you don\u00b4t have any hidden states . so - ( rudolf ) yeah , ( i was ) ( ? ? ) vistualisation . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) although i didn\u00b4t really ( ? ? ) , ( ? ? ) yet . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) which was - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( ? ? ) for my chapture and for david chapture . ( david ) for my chapture , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , ( ? ? ) there and other things . this , this is also problematic part like when you have subwords and you need , your ( ? ? ) isn\u00b4t forwards so and you just averages together or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so maybe we should like , hm ... like do a section here . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and maybe some subsection . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but there is another subsection about word sense subword . ( rudolf ) i think i have two . ( david ) yeah , i will , i would write it here . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) aha , ok . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you\u00b4re right . ( david ) yes . because i have information like this in , in like two more them ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) and which of as well because at ( ? ? ) is ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i ( ? ? ) and what this is and - i now have ( rewrite ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . yeah , i , i\u00b4m repeating like in one sentence . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah , it is - ( david ) cause it\u00b4s really important thing that - ( rudofl ) yeah . ( ? ? ) repeat . ( david ) so this is still copied from , from your - ( rudolf ) i haven\u00b4t updated . i don\u00b4t know if somebody touched it . ( jind\u0159ich ) probably not . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yes . it looks like my text . ( david ) so maybe i , i , yeah . i don\u00b4t know . maybe i would let is as it is now and when , when we read it we can , we can comment and then , then we ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ok and ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok and hm ... what are we going to do with the comments on comments ? are you going comment to this - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm ... although - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or should we maybe arrange a separate call and discuss it ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... the best thing would be if you , if you write there what , what i was suggesting . if - the worst case for me if , is , if i write it but yeah , i think th- , this is something that , that , that should be mentioned that , um , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . i mean these comments where , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . that , that people , um , who , um , we are citing are not people doing nlp . that these concepts come from , um , general machine learning community and even in the general machine learning community this is , this is li- , like , like the mainstream . means from interest . and that people in the machin- , um , in , in nlp community started to be interested in interpretability only , only recently . th- , this is basically what i was suggesting to add in , into this column . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , and then i have question for other comment . um , for example here i don\u00b4t know what the comment means . and there was another one but it\u00b4s not here somewhere . ( ? ? ) there . oh . ok . well - ( david ) ( ? ? ) are - aha , in the ( ? ? ) , yeah , in the other comment . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , usually . or sometimes in the middle . ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... who are the people ? the , this is explained in s- , in the next sentence . or in the rest of the comment that , that these are not nlp people but these are machine learning people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i still don\u00b4t really know what you mean so you would have to write it yourself . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , i\u00b4m asking question who are the people and the answer is these are machine learning people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) who are what people ? there is no ( ? ? ) - ( jind\u0159ich ) that you\u00b4re citing in the previous , in , in the previous chapter . it\u00b4s moln\u00e1r , m\u00fcller , lipton . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ok , yeah . hm , hm , hm , hm ... ok , now i\u00b4m starting to get your point . ( jind\u0159ich ) they have nothing in common with nlp , they have nothing to common in lingu- , what linguistics . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , it\u00b4s nothing important . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , i think so . because this book is about nlp and , and linguistic structures and we are using methodology , um , that comes from different fields . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , you are about linguistics . um , structures . i mean - i\u00b4m in , in this , this chapture is about interpretation of neural networks and specifically this first part is about the general term , concept of interpretation and there , there\u00b4s like - ( rudolf ) some probably - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there\u00b4s , um , i , at least i don\u00b4t know about any discussion that would , um , um , that would , um , approach this specifically from the nlp ( ten points ) so linguistic - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) belinkov does . or the itad ( ? ? ) was , was from the , from the nlp perspective . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , sure about he didn\u00b4t really , um , talk about interpretation . he didn\u00b4t talk about the concept , right . he just - ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) listed several methods and that\u00b4s , the point of this chapture it that , yeah , unless you like list methods , um , there\u00b4s no , there\u00b4s no general consensus on what interpretation means . there are only list of ( ? ? ) . yeah , so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , and this is not discussed in , in the nlp community but in the machine learning community and , and this is what i think we should mention . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t see how that\u00b4s any relevant . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . but - ( rudolf ) i agree that probably explicitly say that here we\u00b4re talking ( most ) interpretation of the ( ? ? ) in general , not nlp . then if there is something specifical for nlp , we should say ( ? ? ) in nlp ( ? ? ) usual . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( rudolf ) like i don\u00b4t know like for example the chapture that david has , so do you think into the attentions . i don\u00b4t know if people do this ( ? ? ) nlp . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sure they do . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in , um ... visual things . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like - ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s right , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they did it way before - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) nlp people did . ( rudolf ) hm , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) why is this thing ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ok . i , i agree with ruda that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that , um , that this the , the indroduction here should , should stay that it\u00b4s talking about the thinking general . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes , please . but i don\u00b4t think that it\u00b4s important to mention who the people are but if you think that it\u00b4s important then , um , ( ? ? ) means mention it . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) ok , so should we ( ? ? ) to the next - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , i think , stories . ( david ) stories . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure there is - i\u00b4m not sure if there are stories like - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , we - we , um , i don\u00b4t know what is concept of stories but - ( david ) ( ? ? ) concept of - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know about the author ( ? ? ) - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but my chapture is end of story . ( david ) yeah . i did realize so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe we should - ( david ) we should say that is - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) change the name . so what is that - ( rudolf ) yeah . for me it\u00b4s rather some kind of questions from neural word or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know whether we should have the two sections on the book so maybe we can - ( rudolf ) i think the two sections are good like - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) this is really introduction kind of and the second part are the ( ? ? ) of findings . i can see quite the through the vision there . ( david ) yeah , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i want them like the - i don\u00b4t think the , the first section should be named background . we should come up with some more specific name . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the second ( it\u00b4s ) part of the - ( rudolf ) yeah , this is part . ( david ) part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , the second part shouldn\u00b4t be named stories and why is there this third part ? ( rudolf ) because you , you picked somewhere i , i ( ? ? ) part of . maybe it should ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) because it was in a template . ( rudolf ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) the third part is there because it was in a template . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) was it ? ( rudolf ) there was - yeah , i think it was called conclusion . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) originally . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) maybe conclusion , conclusion and summary . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) each other and like technically it\u00b4s a separate part . ( david ) yeah . it should be the , yeah - ( rudolf ) maybe , maybe it shouldn\u00b4t be a separate part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) it is not part of the second part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t think there should be this page . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s actually , it shouldn\u00b4t say ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) or , or this ( ? ? ) little book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but - ( david ) yeah , the , the , um , ok . the only chapture of the third part , the third part is the summary . ( rudolf ) yeah . and then there are ( ? ? ) - ( david ) so maybe it\u00b4s , it could be called summary . ( rudolf ) yeah , because - ( david ) but then ( ? ? ) summary and summary . ( rudolf ) when it\u00b4s just called summary , it\u00b4s not very clear like suddenly this is all ( ? ? ) summary of the whole book cause it looks like another chapture in the second part or maybe the , the last chapture . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so , so i think it should be somehow separated more clearly . ( david ) yeah , but we can not call it summary and ( have ) it\u00b4s ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know either . ( david ) but right now two parts are fine . ( rudolf ) maybe we don\u00b4t even have to have two parts , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah . yeah . ( rudolf ) i think it\u00b4s optional . ( david ) yeah . i , i agree to the first , first chapture ( ? ? ) but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) although , it , it would also make sense to part a part after the second chapture , before the third . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not after the third . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and - ( rudolf ) maybe i\u00b4m ok whith ( genuins ) parts all together . ( david ) yeah . then we - ( rudolf ) will you merge them tom\u00e1\u0161 or ? ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , i - ( david ) ( ? ? ) pages . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , it\u00b4s two pages each . ( rudolf ) i think we have enough . enough pages anyway . like the limit is - 50 is the minimum i guess or ? ( david ) i don\u00b4t know . but now we have almost 150 . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think it\u00b4s enough . ( david ) yeah . yeah , so two - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also like looking at the contents attentions and effective mechanism for word element and relations need to be ( sheltered ) . ( david ) yeah , this , this should be - ( rudolf ) yeah . this , this is should be like the story right . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s like the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but it\u00b4s not really - yeah , the - the title isn\u00b4t story about the content . it\u00b4s not so i should ( ? ? ) the title . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but , yeah , i don\u00b4t know . representing words . ( rudolf ) i think the name of the book is nice . ( david ) yeah , the ( ? ? ) the book is , yeah . this is - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , maybe we should ( ? ? ) . word and ( ? ? ) . the first chapture , um , the first real chapture can be hidden in the , the embeddings . ( david ) and hidden in the attentions . and then - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then in the context . ( david ) then in the context . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4m playing with hiding in my pages title . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i think my chapture ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . and do you think deep learning for the first , um , i would , maybe i would ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) attention ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) of the nlp . ( rudolf ) i thought so nlp . ( david ) it , it is not on nlp . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . i think it\u00b4s fine . deep learning . this ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) should ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok , so i ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) well , this is like the , um , the ( ? ? ) for chaptures and these , these ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . maybe it will be better if summary were somewhere there ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) um , it can be just here , yeah . ( david ) but in the introduction we don\u00b4t have it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . and it\u00b4s the same as - ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s the same as ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think the summary is usually not numbered . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , maybe , yeah . i don\u00b4t - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s not really part of the text . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . that\u00b4t right . i , i don\u00b4t ( ? ? ) the text . this is ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) look at the benjamin\u00b4s translations - library and the basic ( screens ) . yeah , they\u00b4re like . ok , they haven\u00b4t appendix and the geographic glossary . yeah , unnumbered . because , yeah , replace is also unnumbered . because the text really starts here . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also we want the ( ? ? ) number the things at the beginning in ( ? ? ) roman numbers ( ? ? ) . and also we have the roman number there . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so ( ? ? ) sort of . ok . this book has not have a summary . ( rudolf ) hm . probably ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it has a glossary . ( david ) but it , it has , um , something like summary or not ? ( rudolf ) hm ... ( david ) i thought - also something . there\u00b4s ( ? ? ) . i think elmo - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , this - ( david ) no . these are ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . hm . ( david ) ok , um , so let\u00b4s , so um ... what next ? um ... tom\u00e1\u0161 ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it doesn\u00b4t have summary ( ? ? ) index . ( david ) so tom\u00e1\u0161 , you , you already said that this is almost finished . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... yeah , but it\u00b4s almost finished - ( david ) yeah , so we can read it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and ( ? ? ) . yeah , parts of that you can read . and other parts not so much . ( david ) so were you , you read anything and ( ready ) comment - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) what is missing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) maybe you can ( ? ? ) . ( david ) maybe should everyone ( ? ? ) read the whole book - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) and see what is , what is - yeah . comment mainly what is missing - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) and what , what connections i mean in the chaptures and - ( rudolf ) the ideal comments for me would be what to remove . maybe what is just rewrite . ( david ) what exactly . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and show it and rewrite it . ( rudolf ) yeah . and as they said with as , as google there ( ? ? ) , like , please , um , ( ? ? ) your suggestions in the formal , formal request . ( david ) ok , so my chapture . i , yeah , i start within the first parts , added some of the , some , actual these are , these are ( ? ? ) for , from paper , so ... ( rudolf ) i\u00b4ve defined , um , macro for , from - ( david ) you define the macro ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( ? ? ) deffinitely this . ( ? ? ) ( david ) well , i will - ( rudolf ) decided be to have ( ? ? ) or , um , the other common style of refering to ( ? ? ) so - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) find something ( ? ? ) . and maybe we shouldn\u00b4t forget to ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , this is also store , store , um , ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) i added some comments in this , in this chapture and , and rewritten some sentences that seemed - ( david ) yeah . i , i - yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) too czech to me . ( david ) yeah , yeah . because yeah . i , i - so this is , yeah . yeah , what is missing in my part is rewrite or add , add something to the last , last , um , last section what is ( ? ? ) . but it can be somehow ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) ok , so - ( rudolf ) i will check the list of figures maybe we should add some ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , that , that\u00b4s always the problem because - yeah , but - ( rudolf ) you can use the - you can use the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , yeah . in the square bracket , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( david ) so we should - i will added - ( rudolf ) here\u00b4s something we can slack ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so that\u00b4s tonight . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) i figured that the , that the - ( rudol ) well it\u00b4s not ( ? ? ) milan so - ( tomasz ) i\u00b4m too ( listed up ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , this is - yeah . ( tomasz ) so maybe that somenthing be in text . ( david ) yeah , it - yeah , but it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) very technical . ( rudolf ) i know . it\u00b4s defined but just add the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . so do you , um , have time to read it ? now i and ruda - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . i think it\u00b4s very - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m fine . ( david ) you ? ok . so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) when do we have the next meeting ? ( rudolf ) do we have something planned ? ( david ) no . truly said , i , i think i , i don\u00b4t know where i will be ( ? ? ) . but i won\u00b4t be online the next week . ( rudolf ) the whole week ? ( david ) the whole week . but maybe i will , so ... will we ( ? ? ) . but we can , so in two weeks or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) you don\u00b4t have any ( ruda ) ? ( rudolf ) no , no . no , no , no . may- , um , i don\u00b4t know . hm . no . no , i\u00b4ll not . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s - yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , there is the lsd meeting written on july 21th . ( david ) yeah , but ruda , ruda this is having all the tuesdays . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . i just put there . regurarly so that nobody - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so that we haven\u00b4t space to - ( david ) i deleted , i deleted all the meetings , um , starting the next year , because - ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( rudolf ) um , so we could maybe ( ? ? ) but we don\u00b4t want to , right ? ( ? ? ) . ( david ) um , yeah , we can make , yeah . i think we almost have all the what - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what we have promised . so - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) only thing is this book so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) we can , we can ( ? ? ) only the , um , only ( annulation ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i , i think if i write , um - ( rudolf ) do you write - ( david ) to the final report if i writed we already have written it and i , i can , um , attend , um , to the report - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and that we only wait for , wait for , um , printing it - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) that , um , they will postpone the ( arroiton ) and - ( rudolf ) hm . we can say that we couldn\u00b4t write it home because we have to sit at home and - ( david ) yeah , that\u00b4s - yeah , that\u00b4s the problem . but i don\u00b4t know how to - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , at home . ( david ) ok , so i - so , ruda , you are not here this week and the next week you are here ? ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m comming back on sunday on morning . ( david ) yeah , so you can come in next , next week then . ( rudolf ) yeah . so i hope that you will comment my chapture in the meantime . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) comment it and , and ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , i said that not , not to write to when everything is , everything is written . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i , if you , if we ( thinkg ) and , or we ( ? ? ) figures well and read it the whole book and comment everything . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) um ... this week . and yeah . and ... and in parallel we can , we can reach all the , all the sections somehow and respond to the recomments as tom\u00e1\u0161 . and we will see if it\u00b4s ... i suppose the next meeting - so next meeting would be in , um , tuesday - ( rudolf ) so the 21th i can delete ? ( david ) 21th , yeah . um ... i will probably not - i don\u00b4t know . so you all are here ? the next - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so . ( rudolf ) so i can ( ? ? ) - ( david ) maybe - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . maybe , maybe the weekend i\u00b4m here . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and i will - yeah . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or we can meet anyway and - ( david ) or you can meet anyway and , and discussed the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) discussed the problems in , in , in the book so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , it should be better if you\u00b4ll meet and i will - yeah . i will participate if i\u00b4m online ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) what next ? do you have anything else ? about the book ? ( jind\u0159ich ) at the 21th of july would be at 11 , right ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . at least that\u00b4s what the calenar says . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yes , that\u00b4s what the calendar - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we can , we can , yeah . we can move it after lunch if you want . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) jind\u0159ich , you said something ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i said that 11 is fine . ( david ) ok , so we can , yeah . so we\u00b4ll - ( rudolf ) hm , the meeting after would be ok . ( david ) 28th . yeah . 28th . yeah , if this is possible for you . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . ( ? ? ) still possible that you have to shift something because of the theatre - ( david ) yeah , of course . yeah . ( rudolf ) meeting or the theathre deadlines . ( david ) yeah . yeah . but it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it is - ( david ) it\u00b4s not problem ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) thank it\u00b4s like theatre meeting in ( ? ? ) so - ( david ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) i\u00b4m not here the week after . the first week of , of the , so - but i\u00b4m suppose if , if it\u00b4s that the - ( rudolf ) the book will be finished already . ( david ) i would like to have it finished . i don\u00b4t - yeah . we have to , yeah , find the reviewers . ( rudolf ) i can - ( david ) i can ask doctor kr\u00e1l from plze\u0148 . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it will be ok . if i , i , i think that his review will be ok . i don\u00b4t know if anyone else has - do you , do you know about anyone who could review it ? ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) ? ( david ) um ... well , professor haji\u010d said they should be non ( ? ? ) czech , ideally not in czech but - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i can see - i can ask someone from helsinky ( ? ? ) your what someone else . so i should send professor ( ? ? ) . maybe it\u00b4s enough to have one more . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s was that ? ( david ) like lecture , i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t know the - ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . what are you ? are you post doc ? ( david ) i don\u00b4t know what i am . that now , i know , i\u00b4m , i\u00b4m the , i\u00b4m - assistant professor . like ( rudolf ) hm . how that you ( ? ? ) ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like what , what are you ? ( david ) mark\u00e9ta told me that i\u00b4m assistant ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , here it says - ( david ) ( ? ? ) participant , participate and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) researcher . ( david ) like assistant . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . i\u00b4m a ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and yeah , you are assistant professor . ( david ) yeah , i\u00b4m assistant professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . also i don\u00b4t know why it is for professor up here . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) haji\u010d . ( david ) on haji\u010d , haji\u010dov\u00e1 , ( ? ? ) , ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . these are professors but i don\u00b4t know . let\u00b4s , let jind\u0159ich see . so it\u00b4s full professor here . ( rudolf ) ah , only haji\u010d is ( true ) professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what does that mean ? that ( he\u00b4s true ) professor . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) usually ( true ) professor mean neither the , neither associate professor now , assistant professor . and neither professor ( analytics ) . ( david ) but all , all four are professors . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , but they might have ( ? ? ) status . like being already retired but still professors . i , i\u00b4m not sure ( further ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not they are listed as academic stuff . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they actually work there at mal\u00e1 strana , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . strange . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) but i think , yeah . b\u00e1ra hladk\u00e1 ( ? ? ) . and dan zeman also . i think we do have - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , i wonder what jarka was it . do you know ? i can ( ? ? ) or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i taught the email was rather - ( rudolf ) it seems like - ( amsterdam ) something or i don\u00b4t know or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . but then also a very implicite and - ( ? ? ) the email was like come and have a drink in the middle of the work day . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it was - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) strange . ( rudolf ) it said , so the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) subject was sure great . let\u00b4s have a short break from working and let\u00b4s have wine . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) drink . ( david ) so it was at - ( rudolf ) 2 p. m. ( david ) last week or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . today . ( david ) today . aha . ( rudolf ) maybe she has some birthday or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) name\u00b4s day maybe . it\u00b4s here name\u00b4s day somewhere around ? do you have name\u00b4s days ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . probably i\u00b4ll find that . ( rudolf ) yeah . jaroslava - ( jind\u0159ich ) today it is mark\u00e9ta . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) it is mark\u00e9ta . ( rudolf ) so maybe it was this ok . maybe this was the reason . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should have gathered and listen her ( ? ? ) here and - ( david ) yeah . and have wine . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) we don\u00b4t have wine here or do we ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not that i know of . ( rudolf ) you probably do have wine but we don\u00b4t know it . ( david ) or you . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ok , i will have to go to ( ? ? ) . ( david ) aha . ok . so i think we - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) lunch - ( david ) we have , i , i think we have discussed everything . or is ( ? ? ) if you don\u00b4t know about someone who could review our book . ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( david ) we should have the name next before we , we can read the book so that we can start reviewing process . ( rudolf ) i still don\u00b4t know how - ( david ) maybe better is - ( rudolf ) who kind of people we , we\u00b4re looking for . i know tuns of people i just don\u00b4t know ( ? ? ) we want . i know lot of people from the mt community , people are friends , um , i think ( ? ? ) . actually the bojar\u00b4s grant which is also ( ? ? ) interpretability is ( ? ? ) his team . bojar has some grant ( ? ? ) something about interpretability . ( david ) yeah . yeah , in the , yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know if there are some people who are ( ? ? ) - ( david ) do you know them ? ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah , we don\u00b4t know them but yeah . ( ? ? ) like year , years ago but we should cooperate and - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) you\u00b4re saying then yeah . we should , we should learn what they doing or at least he should learn what we are doing but - the thing ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) and there are some , there are people from technical university of brno . but yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and they do speech recognition or another speech stuff . ( rudolf ) yeah . so nothing about speech . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) nothing about speech . ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know where we go to ask someone which really in , in this are interpretability or maybe we can ask someone else in nlp . cause this book is also ( ? ? ) working for someone - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) who is not - ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s kind of ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) but ( ? ? ) know about it ( ? ? ) , this is missing . ( david ) yeah . people who know about it will see what is missing but we will , we don\u00b4t know about this who will see more like - ( rudolf ) yeah , it was yeah , i don\u00b4t understand . ( david ) yeah , what\u00b4s ( ? ? ) understand . ( rudolf ) it depends what kind of reviewer we want . ( david ) if we want - ( rudolf ) if we want the reviewers who tell us that is ( ? ? ) writing . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , well . are you still there ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , we are still there . here . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there . ( jind\u0159ich ) halo , halo ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so i can , i can ask someone from helsinky and i can ask someone ( ? ? ) pavel kr\u00e1l . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) so because someone from helsinky see like more inter- , like more ( ? ? ) area of interpretability and pavel kr\u00e1l is only ( ? ? ) nlp and other - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) some ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) reviewing this for itad and there is also ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , i , i ( ? ? ) the review . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) parsing ( ? ? ) like 90s . they would ( ? ? ) benefit from - the reading the book . like that . ( david ) like ( ? ? ) but , um , yeah , but itad like some ( ? ? ) are the ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but ( ? ? ) . it\u00b4s like ( ? ? ) . they\u00b4re saying that yeah , \u00fafal has something for czech ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ok , so yeah . for , for now we can , we can finish ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) read , read the book and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and write a book . ( david ) write , write the book . and yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i would like to see many , many comments there so that we know , that we - yeah . ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . bye .", "tgt": "david finished second article in the journal . rudolf still need to write introduction and morfology and some other small things . mostly rudolf\u00b4s part is ready and everyone can read it and comment on it . in the book it\u00b4s better to say we and add the reference . section about neural language models should be merged to the previous chapture or deleted . tom\u00e1\u0161 needs to write the probing and other unsupervised methods . jind\u0159ich explained tom\u00e1\u0161 what he wanted to say in his comments . the next meeting is planned on 21th july . it\u00b4s necessary to start thinking about revieweres ."}
{"src": " ( david ) ok , so let\u00b4s start . um , um , i sumbitted , um , last week , um , previous week , i submitted the paper ( i working ) to helsinky to p- , pbml . so we have the second , second , um - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) article in the , in the journal . so we have , i think now we have everything what we have promised , um , for , for this grant . ( ? ? ) the book . ( ? ? ) of course ( ? ? ) because of ( ? ? ) pbml . so , um , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) i can\u00b4t hear you very well davide . ( david ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i can barely hear you . ( david ) ok . so i will speak , speak up . ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( david ) ( ? another language ? ) is it better now ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i should the only one hear you , it\u00b4s tom\u00e1\u0161 . when you or he just - it\u00b4s not good and i can hear ( ? ? ) . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) sound settings , so . input . ha . surely , surely the default micro- , microphone is the camera mic- now , i think that now you should hear us better . ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( david ) so it is better ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , it is . ( david ) yeah , great . ( jind\u0159ich ) but i can hear ( ? ? ) myself . like one second later after i say something , i , i hear it once again . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ha , but it did not happen now . so maybe it just get fixed by itself . alright . it\u00b4s good now . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) what was that ? so , um , yeah . um , yeah , should i say i , i haven\u00b4t read our book for the last week and this morning i couldn\u00b4t , i couldn\u00b4t read it so i , i have no , um , i don\u00b4t know how it is , in what shape it is now . or maybe everyone of you can say what , what , what was done and what is still missing and what we read and - ruda ? ( rudolf ) yeah . i can do that . hm ... tom\u00e1\u0161 ( ? ? ) the book and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the book . the book . the book is here . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) with jind\u0159ich maybe . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , the book is here and jind\u0159ich is there . ( rudolf ) so . yeah , maybe is the , is the cabel from the ( ? ? ) long enough ? ok , so . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( maybe i can ) share the screen with jind\u0159ich . ( rudolf ) um ... um ... so ... um ... the , this , this thigs right here . it\u00b4s here ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s there . yeah . no . ok , select window , you can select the - ok , i will select like lsd book . now , now ... you should now see the book . now you see the book . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . yeah , i do . ( rudolf ) ok , um , so i\u00b4m still missing the introduction so it\u00b4s still this , um , this , this ( bullets ) which i plan to rewrite into the text like one to put this text away . and i still didn\u00b4t touch morfology so i still need to rewrite it into sentences . but the rest of the book or as rest of my chapter now should be kind of ( okish ) so , um , it\u00b4 s ready for comments i would say . now for syntax , um , i split it into constituency syntax , dependancy syntax , some other things that i go ( up on ) syntax and i ( phase ) writed in the way that i tried to summarize the knowledge and then add evidence from the papers . um , i took coreference at the separate thing because i see the something beetween syntax and semantics and for semantics , um , for some difference is missing . um , ( ? ? ) missing before this somebody do something better ( to be fine ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , one maybe different , um , no , maybe - um . just a minute . um , i , maybe i just didn\u00b4t compile it properly . where is the ( mas ) , where is the ( mas ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) let me just surround ... yes . ok , i think it\u00b4s still ( fix in self in ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and above the minute and half . ( rudolf ) yeah , some for semantics a group ( ? ? ) semantic tagging and this kind of semantic ( rolebiling ) stuff i have noun gender at semantics . it\u00b4s writed to the debiassing which i don\u00b4t think it\u00b4s trully ready . um , i don\u00b4t know if maybe it is a ( negotiation ) in ( ? ? ) there\u00b4s semantics but i ( ? ? ) . and word senses this is already there , um , ( ? ? ) seems a bit polishing . um , word knowledge , yeah , i did that , context , i haven\u00b4t seen what i\u00b4ve written there so i don\u00b4t know if it\u00b4s ready . um , and i , yeah , something happend ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so far the references text . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s there . ( david ) it\u00b4s there . ( rudolf ) um , and then there is , um , the comparison of individual architecture so i 've done now somehow and i think david had ( ? ? ) that tomasz has a survey re- , related to this . like what , like we were - ( tomasz ) yeah , and , and - ( rudolf ) so , so - so probably you can look at what\u00b4s here and then - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) and see what , what - ( tomasz ) hm , hm , hm . ( rudolf ) what can be added or merge . and this was already done before and , yeah , this one is probably still ( ? ? ) . and yeah , the multilinguality i basically just copy-pasted the paper we have with jind\u0159ich . so not , not the whole paper but kind of the introduction and related work and i tried to rearrange it , put it into the book but maybe it\u00b4s too long and too detailed because it would long on detail in the paper so , um , oh , and jind\u0159ich added the centroids , um , you did there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( rudolf ) nice . and , yeah , and i wrote a conclusion , um , to that\u00b4s high level view so , so i , it should be mostly in a good shape . it\u00b4s a for the intro and the morfology . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) ok , so - so we can read it now and comment it . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think so . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i skimmed trough the multilinguality section and i still have the question i , i had in slack . um , when it is our work , should we like pretend it\u00b4s some , um , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s the self as someone else work ? or should we like explicitely play this is our contribution ? because you said libovick\u00fd et al . say something , shouldn\u00b4t we rather say we , we said something ? ( david ) yeah , um , i don\u00b4t know . first , first i had it like , um ... the other way , then i changed it that , that we - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) we made this and they made that . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t have any ( ? ? ) opionion with - ( rudolf ) i think - ( david ) what is , what is better ? ( rudolf ) i think we still want to sign the paper so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , we do . ( rudolf ) so the different where you say libovick\u00fd et al . did that or we , libovick\u00fd et al . did that . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) or , or we - ( rudolf ) and i don\u00b4t see a big difference actually . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i do . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , also , um , the definition of the `` odborn\u00e1 kniha '' - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , should say that , that , that it should be our , our general awork so we can if you want to pretend that it\u00b4s like , um , that we present our original work in a context of , of other work then we should explicitely - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t think - ( jind\u0159ich ) claim what , what ou- , what\u00b4s ours . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think we agree that our work is doing the survey , i know , well , you know . ( david ) yeah , i , i think , yeah . it , it looks better if we refer to our work in , in the same way as , as the other . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but , yeah . i don\u00b4t know what is - ( rudolf ) like my understanding is that like writing the book is our own work but i don\u00b4t know . like people publish survey books and i don\u00b4t know if they fit the definition but i don\u00b4t see problem there . like we read the papers and we interpreted what we found and we commented on it somehow that - like in i , i feel that in some ( herious ) like i don\u00b4t know historical research is ( open ) the only thing you do you . get some sources and just comment on them so - ( david ) yeah . i - we , yeah , we can also ( ? ? ) book into other , other book . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) so made for , for this type of grant of they reffer to their own paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . why would you , why would you refer to your own paper and someone else\u00b4s paper . it\u00b4s like , the usual reason is that you have to prepare the manuscript for a ( doubleblind ) review but that\u00b4s not the case here . ( rudolf ) but - ( david ) yes . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s not how the person the same authors as the authors of the book anyway , so , it is like on some ( ? ? ) some ( ? ? ) even ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , the thing is that if you refer to your papers in the different way then the other papers , the , the whole book looks like more , um , more like , um , that you present your work in context of the other . for us if you refer to older papers on same way like more like survey . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . i don\u00b4t know . on the other hand if you refer to your papers as someone else\u00b4s paper it looks like , um , what do you call it in english , like don\u00b4t appeal to authority which is not there like . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . if trust my paper\u00b4s more than some of the other papers that i refer to . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well but - i still think that you should like present them like your papers but , um , as , it\u00b4s something that ( ? ? ) community . also , like naturally that\u00b4s exactly what you are saying . you are biass words your own papers and i think that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the reader has the right to know that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you might be biass to - ( david ) hm , yeah . that\u00b4s right . because other way should- , we wouldn\u00b4t choose - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) our papers . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) papers as , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and by pretending that like or pretending , nice , refering to the paper as someone else\u00b4s paper you i ( disbiass ) from the reader . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s anyway , ( ? ? ) in the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , well , but the , the reader - ( rudolf ) yeah . so imagine it\u00b4s like ( lui and chu ) and no idea like , ok , some random chinese names and so - ( jind\u0159ich ) and the ( discussion ) in the multilinguality paper , um , we , we kind of claim that , that the evaluation of the multilingual representation is , is not really showing the part and espects of the multilingual representations and we , and we take a really critical view on the other papers and , and say , our paper is the good one . which sounds really weird if li- , if we like pretain this is the objective des- , description from distance how , how it is . because we\u00b4ll taking the strong ( publicion ) in this case . ( rudolf ) we\u00b4ll probably taking the same position in other case in where , where we write in the book something or ? like i have other cases where i think that would be authors that doesn\u00b4t show anything and , or show something else and i say this in the book so , hm . i don\u00b4t seem big difference . ( jind\u0159ich ) but the difference is that , that you say , um , this is what the paper says and , and this is what we think and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and here you say , this is what the other papers say and this is what libovick\u00fd et al . say and , and , and it gives a feeling of like , ( appealing ) for the authority of the , of another paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) which , which is not , not really the case . this is still us thinking that , that , that our ( cautious ) is better than , than the other one . ( rudolf ) i can see actually this paper i\u00b4m citing it\u00b4s libovick\u00fd , rosan , fraser , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) do we say , we and alex fraser think this or ? how would you say this cause you can not really say we when you think we and alex fraser but not all of us cause maybe tom\u00e1\u0161 and david don\u00b4t think so because they\u00b4re not authors of the paper ? so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so ok , like if you , if you really want to be a `` matfyz\u00e1k '' - then you write some of us and alex fraser - ( rudolf ) some of us and some other people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but i think you can just write we . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think do - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) unlike if , if the reader is interested in - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) precisely are that , there\u00b4s the citation . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yes . these we should ( agree ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ok . ( david ) we , we - ( rudolf ) we would say , we and , and ( ? ? ) the reference . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , sure . ( rudolf ) that , this and there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , yes , yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the , the reference has to be there in any case . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well that if you consider the paper to be like mostly ( avoid ) i think ( maybe ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anywhere is a paper that we , you have just in , um , you\u00b4re like the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sixth author out of ten - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) then you can say , um , whoever et al . ( rudolf ) hm . ok . so , so we have agreed on saying we and then adding the reference . yeah ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and i\u00b4m thinking ( ? ? ) . yeah , i say the authors so it should maybe - yeah . the authors ( ? ? ) . hm . it\u00b4s probably more but ... ( david ) ok , so , um , so who would - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . yeah , um , so , um , so i just but , but briefly over it because i think anyway the plan is that well i , i try to fix the missing parts and you can start reading it and commenting it and it probably doesn\u00b4t make sense to go over it now . ( david ) no , no , it - yeah , i think , yeah . so , is anyone who , who read it all ? all , the whole book or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( david ) ok . ok , so - um ... so could i - let\u00b4s - maybe - so who - o- , ok , let\u00b4s go from the beginning to the end of the book and , and see what is , what is there . briefly see what is , what is missing there or what , what\u00b4s not . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) other . ok . motto is there , ( ? ? ) is too there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and i still think we should find the better motto . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . we should - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or we should write the book first . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s - yeah . ( rudolf ) and maybe read it as well . ( david ) yeah , so maybe read it . yeah , maybe someone should , should maybe comment here what is changed , what is not there . ok , the phase ( two ) . jind\u0159ich , you , you ( have ) , you haven\u00b4t change the first , um , first chapter of the book ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( david ) so maybe , yeah . so maybe we still need to ( ? ? ) there . ( jind\u0159ich ) the chapter full off ugly arrows is still there . ( david ) ok . the notable models . um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) um , yeah . tom\u00e1\u0161 copied something there and i would probably deleted . ( david ) ok . so there are , so this is the language model , 24 , ( ? ? ) delete . word2vec was also copied by tom\u00e1- ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s jind\u0159ich\u00b4s ( favourite ) . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know what to do with these two , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , probably delete them . ( david ) yeah , it - because - yeah . i would start with word2vec . then what is there , attentions . transformer , ( ? ? ) elmo ... because the language models start with - with elmo , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i mean , i mean language model , neural language models started 15 years before elmo . ( david ) yes , but - yeah , i mean , um , notable neural models . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know how , whether this , this could , could be included somehow or delete it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure either . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , i discussed how , um , how neural language model works in , in the previous chapter . what i , what i talk about the architectures . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and this chapter only , only presents like the notable models , the models that we are talking about later in the book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so the section about the neural language models should maybe be merged to the previous chapter or deleted if it\u00b4s ( superfilus ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( overwrite ) . ( david ) so bert , yeah . how much we use gpt in the , in the , in the ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4m refered to it , um , i don\u00b4t say much about it , so maybe find anything really special about gpt wri- , written . i refer much to elmo and bert . ( david ) yeah , i , i also refer to it . so we can , we can delete ( ? ? ) , yeah . if you find that is ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) ok , so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in the first chapter i commented on jind\u0159ich\u00b4s comments , um . he didn\u00b4t comment on my comments on its comments . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) so this is already complete , tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or the - ( david ) or it\u00b4s something what\u00b4s missing ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) as , as , as i wrote somewhere i\u00b4m not sure maybe in slack . ( david ) yeah , you , you - the ruda\u00b4s slack . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the first part , um , is com- , i think it can be viewed as complete and in the - there are some to do things there but i think there are like optional . if we like there , there is more potential interesting things that we could write about if we read them carefully and so on but , um , they don\u00b4t really have to be there but then probing is not finished , unsupervised methods - ( david ) yeah , will be there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and to probings need to be merge . on this is new here what i\u00b4ve written . then there on this thing ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so , yeah . so the unsupervised method , this is some- , like something what is ( probing ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) what is in pca and ica and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . and first thing ( ? ? ) enough , um , the ( facial ) tutorial , basically . oh , well , only mention these methods in the visualisation section . so apparently trying to do something , um , quantitative with these methods is not very common . ( rudolf ) yeah . ok . ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) you can write it to the chapter ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what ? ( david ) what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) that you can write it in , in , in the chapter ? that the acl tutorial , um , mention these methods only for , um , only for visualisation and , and it\u00b4s probably not comment you to use them quantitatively . ( rudolf ) we do use them quantitatively ( visualisation ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh , i do . ( rudolf ) hm . you want to ( ? ? ) say i reffer somewhere to somebody who use pca to identify the , um , gender biass component . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , also - yeah , actually i also remember some paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) for example the principals of meaning . which also uses pca quantitatively . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . ( ? ? ) , um , the , the jind\u0159ich paper for multilinguality this uses clustering which even evaluate for the multi indentification . so there is a visualisation but it\u00b4s also use for , um , like quantitative evaluation . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) and then the introduction of ( ? ? ) is of ( ? ? ) unsupervised . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so it\u00b4s too divided the methods for probing and unsupervised . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) so . then probing is defined or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , these are just notes from my theses proposal . these are some other notes as well . ( david ) so i haven\u00b4t , i haven\u00b4t read that but , but , yeah . it\u00b4s defined but i don\u00b4t , yeah , we should say what we mean by probing and , um , put the history of this theme that probing in the , yeah - the past it was these model , is that use for many , many methods , different methods and ... ( jind\u0159ich ) ( also ) the ica tutorial was talking about , about behaviour testing . are we mentioning this too ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... not yet . ( rudolf ) why not ? ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and should , should we or shouldn\u00b4t we mention it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s a good question . ( david ) like there ( ? ? real ) testing is ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i don\u00b4t know . for , for instant for gender biass it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um , the doctor came into the room and mask said that and , and , and you want to test what\u00b4s the probability of he and she being the ( word ) it . this an example of , of behaviours testing . or ( ? ? ) goldberg , um , um , um , probe bert for some syntax ability using , using this like , like designing the set of comp- , of syntactically complicated sentences and , and was looking what\u00b4s the probability of the , of the correct , cor- , syntactic correctly words . being predict by bert . so this is behaviouristic testing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , the point is that you read the model as a ( blank ones ) only ( ? ? ) , usually you can ( struct ) some interesting thing ( ? ? ) that you something about a bit of the model . but yeah . i don\u00b4t really refer to any such papers in my chapter . maybe do i - ( rudolf ) yeah . so i don\u00b4t know the , um , who , who is the gender biass section ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i do . ( david ) tom\u00e1\u0161 . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well - ( jind\u0159ich ) we don\u00b4t refer to that but we can still say in this , in this , in this chapter that , that there is another way of testing the models and , and we are not interested in these methods . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . so , um , you have the ( ? ? ) some ( predicts ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know , ( that is ) not yet . who do you want ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i want the - um ... um ... to do added somewhere after the unsupervised methods because - ( rudolf ) which file ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in which file ? interpretation . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) before this section . ( rudolf ) hidden states only . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i want to do that says behaviour- what\u00b4s the ending of the word ? ( jind\u0159ich ) ist . and the ( vaticular ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) this , right . i have my notes from the tutorials somewhere here . and behavioral . ( jind\u0159ich ) behavioral . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and if - ( david ) which i don\u00b4t know from the , from the , the , um , the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , these are also the tutorial , then rather ( brief ) . i posted a link to this document in the slack . ( david ) yeah . can i , can i , can i watch the tutorial or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i posted the link to the tutorial in slack . ( david ) aha , ok . i will , i will - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i have ( send ) directly into ( livelive ) or what is also , you can watch it there . hm ... and there is also a part about interaction and i\u00b4m not sure if we want that as a section ? ( rudolf ) what does it mean ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) where is the window with jind\u0159ich ? ( rudolf ) hm . hm . hm , hm . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) do we want to discuss interaction ? ( rudolf ) what does it mean ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure . already things to be since the tutorial - i forgotten most of what i haven\u00b4t written down here . what was in the interaction part ? we can look at the slides on the tutorial . ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) where is the slack here ? ( david ) here . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) here is the slack link . and here are the slides , all 190 of them . ( a ) hi , i\u00b4m yonatan belinkov . ( david ) belinkov . ( ? ? ) our book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm , hm , hm . probing , classifiers . there is ruda\u00b4s analysis . and behavioral analysis . and there are examples here and . oh , behavioral analysis . ( david ) ( how long ) is this tutorial ? 3 hours ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , almost 3 hours . and i think like the , the women who , women who talks about the behavioral analysis takes like , um , an hour and half from them and she says , what she says can be summed up in like 15 minutes but . yeah , the ( challing ) says what was terrible at this meeting . there are ( usual ) analysis . ok , clustering , clustering , clustering and where is the - ok . an interactive visualisation . ok , i think for some reason more like the interactive thing was , was making thing - ( jind\u0159ich ) you mean , you mean the java script thing that he , that the guy was showing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but for some reason it was mention separately in this , somewhere ... yeah , i\u00b4m in the beginning again . hm . let\u00b4s find it there . there should be some summary slide at the beginning i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , i don\u00b4t think that , that\u00b4s relevant for the book at all . um , i mean he was talking about how to ( allocate ) - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) to , to come up with hypotheses that can be later quantitatively tested . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so we don\u00b4t have to mentioned in interaction . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) like the ( ? ? ) of word embeddings . this the ( ? ? ) what is it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , this is the interactive visualisation . ( rudolf ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know how this ( more ) like what was the embeddings ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , then they mentioned other methods and i don\u00b4t remember what other methods did they talk about . conclusion , conclusion . interactive visualisation . it doesn\u00b4t seem that they mention any other method . yeah , but here you can see that like , um , hm , hm , and this is like , yes , like that . ok . and can i actually share this with jind\u0159ich ? ( rudolf ) you can move it to the entire screen and share . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , this is , just the window is share . presenting , start presenting again . let\u00b4s , um , ah , i can actually share the second screen and now i can move , well , i can move this , this thing here . yes . do you see the slide ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i do . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , so here is like basically say then they are two broad approaches structure of , structure of probing and ( challing ) says and ( challing ) says are the , the behavioral thing . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the visualisation is like a technic ( dot ) , can speed ( dot ) exploration but they don\u00b4t really consider it , um , the a ... ( david ) like interpreting . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , so we ... i think we have a different approach with the accent on unsupervised methods that , that we consider real methods and not just , um , some - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) expiration things . ( david ) the- , their , their probing , um , methods were all like thing the - ( jind\u0159ich ) supervised . ( david ) supervised classifire . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think so . ( david ) or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , like most of the - i think most of the , um , belinkov\u00b4s part of the ( corel ) is concerned with , um , the classifires and like the discussion around should the classifires be simple or should they be powerfull and memorization . ( rudolf ) hm , is there an outcome ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , not really . ( rudolf ) in lot of the papers that i see too they seem to kind of the ( steam ) that if , if just the linear classifire or linear probe then it\u00b4s kind of ok . and , and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but then i can show you in the slides or i - i do - well . yeah . here . ( ? ? ) et al . argue that we should always choose the most complex probe since it will maximize the mutual information . and , yeah . and not really - no . yeah , then vojta and ( titov ) measure both , complexity and probe quality and compare them . hm , both of these . hm , most of these , um , both of these papers are from 2020 and i haven\u00b4t read , read them yet . i\u00b4m not , i\u00b4m not sure that i follow this argument here . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , actually didn\u00b4t get the thing what , what the mutual information that belinkov was talking about . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , me neither . or maybe we , maybe we should read ( ? ? ) et al . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , but , yeah - so i think the , the conclusion was that like people are discussing it and there are different approaches . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , a few years , um , ago people were as he said , um , sort of , um , um , the word is - ( ? another language ? ) assuming - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that the , the linear classifier will not memorize and that\u00b4s a good thing . ( rudolf ) hm . well , there is a discussion but probably no . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no con- , no conclusion yet . i would say . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . i mentioned ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , this is rudolf ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... um ... the ( ? ? ) . i also didn\u00b4t like understand this part of the thought . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . well , yeah , i think that this maybe some of ( multilingual ) . so . yeah , the ( jerson ) alternative way to do things . but - hm . that\u00b4s all that belinkov said . so here we should mention the behavioral analysis ( we can ) , we should probably explicitely mention that our classification is some what uncommon when the accent un- , unsupervised methods . ( david ) yeah . because half of the , half we are chapter and almost whole of my chapter is unsupervised and the ruda\u00b4s ( ? ? ) is - ( rudolf ) also this , um , this is also unsupervised method , the neural . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm ... not really . like - ( rudolf ) you ( ? ? ) train - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well - ( david ) train but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you didn\u00b4t train anything but you\u00b4re constructing , um , you\u00b4re like - yeah , like you constructed a supervise data set . like for example in case of the biass detection you\u00b4re constructing a data set yourself and that\u00b4s the supervision , right . you\u00b4re - you have to - ( rudolf ) when it - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like there have to be a person who decides if , if - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like who decides the examples . but yeah , maybe it\u00b4s something but doesn\u00b4t really ( thinking ) to this - ( david ) yeah , i think it\u00b4s something ( ? ? ) different if i ( ? ? ) to this thing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) maybe cause it is not - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i would say that we should - ( david ) ( ? ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe we should follow belinkov in , in classifying like the probing and our unsupervised methods as structure analysis . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s one thing . ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the behavioral analysis is - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) something different . ( david ) it\u00b4s something different . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) maybe can you want to learn some things like what\u00b4s there , what\u00b4s not there so ( want them ) . ( david ) yeah , we can the ( ? ? ) . you don\u00b4t train anything . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or you use the structure task . ok . ( rudolf ) i know some people train , train a model to do machine translation and then they say , yeah , it\u00b4s morfology translation to the most of the behavioral , tested on the task for which it was trained kind of . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , not necessarily . like i sort of but you\u00b4re testing specific thing - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like in case of language modeling - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , you\u00b4re not testing language modeling if you\u00b4re only testing the structure - ( rudolf ) not , not in general but , but you\u00b4re using just kind of observing the behavioral on - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) the virtual task or sort of you can find data set maybe - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) task same ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ok , ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , i probably have some , um , some things like that and think that i interpret but i didn\u00b4t know the , yeah , maybe i should comment . ( david ) ok , so ... we\u00b4ll do , we\u00b4ll do write them . so tom\u00e1\u0161 , you can ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ok . ( david ) you can write the probing and - ( rudolf ) probing - ( david ) someone who should - yeah . add the other methods to unsupervised methods because defined that only that ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and clustering with missing ( ? ? slash ) . ( david ) ok . or ( ? ? ) clustering . ( david ) yeah . and so you should mention the , um , behavioral thing . yeah . yeah . what we should do with this hidden states ( corespondence ) thing ( could ) work . hm . i - yeah . because - it is used across of all the , all the chapters done . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) or - tom\u00e1\u0161 , you , you use only , only - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . i , i don\u00b4t have any hidden states so ... ( david ) yeah , you don\u00b4t have any hidden states . so - ( rudolf ) yeah , ( i was submit ) ( ? ? ) visualisation . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) although i didn\u00b4t really ( ? ? ) , ( ? ? ) yet . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) which was - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . let 's say this ( ? ? ) for my chapter and for david chapter . ( david ) for my chapter , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , ( ? ? ) there and other things . this , this is also problematic part like when you have subwords and you need , your ( ? ? ) isn\u00b4t forwards so and you just averages together or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so maybe we should like , hm . like do a section here . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and maybe some subsection . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but there is another subsection about word sense subword . ( rudolf ) i think i have two . ( david ) yeah , i will , i would write it here . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) aha , ok . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you\u00b4re right . ( david ) yes . because i have information like this in , in like two more them ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) and which of as well because at ( ? ? ) is ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i ( ? ? ) and what this is and - i now have ( rewrite ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . yeah , i , i\u00b4m repeating like in one sentence . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah , it is - ( david ) cause it\u00b4s really important thing that - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( ? ? ) repeat . ( david ) so this is still copied from , from your - ( rudolf ) i haven\u00b4t updated . i don\u00b4t know if somebody touched this . ( jind\u0159ich ) probably not . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yes . it looks like my text . ( david ) so maybe i , i , yeah . i don\u00b4t know . maybe i would let is as it is now and when , when we read it we can , we can comment and then , then we ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ok and ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok and hm ... what are we going to do with the comments on comments ? are you going comment to this - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm ... although - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or should we maybe arrange a separate call and discuss it ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... the best thing would be if you , if you write there what , what i was suggesting . if - the worst case for me if , is , if i write it but yeah , the , i think th- , this is something that , that , that should be mentioned that , um , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . i mean these comments where , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . that , that people , um , who , um , we are citing are not people doing nlp . that these concepts come from , um , general machine learning community and even in the general machine learning community this is , this is li- , like , like the mainstream . means from interest . and that people in the machin- , um , in , in nlp community started to be interested in interpretability only , only recently . th- , this is basically what i was suggesting to add in , into this column . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , and then i have question for other comment . um , for example here i don\u00b4t know what the comment means . and there was another one but it\u00b4s not here somewhere . ( ? ? ) there . oh . ok . well - ( david ) ( ? ? ) are - aha , in the same , yeah , in the other comment . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , usually . or sometimes in the middle . ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... ( ? another language ? ) who are the people ? the , this is explained in s- , in the next sentence . or in the rest of the comment that , that these are not nlp people but these are machine learning people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i still don\u00b4t really know what you mean so you would have to write it yourself . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , i\u00b4m asking question who are the people and the answer is these are machine learning people . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) who are what people ? there is no ( ? ? ) - ( jind\u0159ich ) that you\u00b4re citing in the previous , in , in the previous chapter . it\u00b4s moln\u00e1r , m\u00fcller , lipton . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ok , yeah . hm , hm , hm , hm ... ok , now i\u00b4m starting to get your point . ( jind\u0159ich ) they have nothing in common with nlp , they have nothing to common in lingu- , what linguistics . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , it\u00b4s nothing important . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , i think so . because this book is about nlp and , and linguistic structures and we are using methodology , um , that comes from different fields . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , you are about linguistics . um , structures . i mean - i\u00b4m in , in this , this chapter is about interpretation of neural networks and specifically this first part is about the general term , concept of interpretation and there , there\u00b4s like - ( rudolf ) some probably - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there\u00b4s , um , i , at least i don\u00b4t know about any discussion that would , um , um , that would , um , approach this specifically from the nlp ( ten points ) so linguistic - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) belinkov does . or the itad ( ? ? ) was , was from the , from the nlp perspective . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , sure about he didn\u00b4t really , um , talk about interpretation . he didn\u00b4t talk about the concept , right . he just - ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) listed several methods and that\u00b4s , the point of this chapter is that , yeah , unless you like list methods , um , there\u00b4s no , there\u00b4s no general consensus on what interpretation means . there are only list of ( ? ? ) . yeah , so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , and this is not discussed in , in the nlp community but in the machine learning community and , and this is what i think we should mention . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t see how that\u00b4s any relevant . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . but - ( rudolf ) i agree that probably explicitly say that here we\u00b4re talking ( most ) interpretation of the ( ? ? ) in general , not nlp . then if there is something specifical for nlp , we should say ( ? ? ) in nlp there is ( ? ? ) usual . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( rudolf ) like i don\u00b4t know like for example the chapter that david has , so do you think into the attentions . i don\u00b4t know if people do this ( ? ? ) nlp . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sure they do . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in , um ... visual things . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like - ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s right , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they did it way before - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) nlp people did . ( rudolf ) hm , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) why is this thing ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ok . i , i agree with ruda that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that , um , that this the , the indroduction here should , should stay that it\u00b4s talking about the thinking general . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes , please . but i don\u00b4t think that it\u00b4s important to mention who the people are but if you think that it\u00b4s important then , um , by all means mention it . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) ok , so should we ( ? ? ) to the next - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , i think , stories . ( david ) stories . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure there is - i\u00b4m not sure if there are stories like - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , we - we , um , i don\u00b4t know what is concept of stories but - ( david ) ( ? ? ) concept of - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know about the author ( ? ? ) - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but my chapter is end of story . ( david ) yeah . i did realize so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe we should - ( david ) we should say that is - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) change the name . so what is that - ( rudolf ) yeah . for me it\u00b4s rather some kind of questions from neural word or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know whether we should have the two sections of the book so maybe we can - ( rudolf ) i think the two sections are good like - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) this is really introduction kind of and the second part are the ( ? ? ) of findings . i can see quite the through the vision there . ( david ) yeah , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i want them like the - i don\u00b4t think the , the first section should be named background . we should come up with some more specific name . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the second ( it\u00b4s ) part of the - ( rudolf ) yeah , this is part . ( david ) part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , the second part shouldn\u00b4t be named stories and why is there this third part ? ( rudolf ) because you , you picked somewhere i , i ( ? ? ) part of . maybe it should ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) because it was in a template . ( rudolf ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) the third part is there because it was in a template . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) was it ? ( rudolf ) there was - yeah , i think it was called conclusion . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) originally . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) maybe conclusion , conclusion and summary . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) each other and like technically it\u00b4s a separate part . ( david ) yeah . it should be the , yeah - ( rudolf ) maybe , maybe it shouldn\u00b4t be a separate part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) it is not part of the second part . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t think there should be this page . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s actually , it shouldn\u00b4t say ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) or , or this ( ? ? ) little book . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but - ( david ) yeah , the , the , um , ok . the only chapter of the third part , the third part is the summary . ( rudolf ) yeah . and then there are ( ? ? ) - ( david ) so maybe it\u00b4s , it could be called summary . ( rudolf ) yeah , because - ( david ) but then ( ? ? ) summary and summary . ( rudolf ) when it\u00b4s just called summary , it\u00b4s not very clear like suddenly this is all ( ? ? ) summary of the whole book cause it looks like another chapter in the second part or maybe the , the last chapter . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so , so i think it should be somehow separated more clearly . ( david ) yeah , but we can not call it summary and ( have ) it\u00b4s ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know either . ( david ) but right now two parts are fine . ( rudolf ) maybe we don\u00b4t even have to have two parts , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah . yeah . ( rudolf ) i think it\u00b4s optional . ( david ) yeah . i , i agree to the first , first chapter ( ? ? ) but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) although , it , it would also make sense to part a part after the second chapter , before the third . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not after the third . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and - ( rudolf ) maybe i\u00b4m ok whith ( genuins ) parts all together . ( david ) yeah . then we - ( rudolf ) will you merge them tom\u00e1\u0161 or ? ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , i - ( david ) ( ? ? ) that 's pages . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , it\u00b4s two pages each . ( rudolf ) i think we have enough . enough pages anyway . like the limit is - 50 is the minimum i guess or ? ( david ) i don\u00b4t know . but now we have almost 150 . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think it\u00b4s enough . ( david ) yeah . yeah , so two - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also like looking at the contents attentions and effective mechanism for word element and relations need to be ( sheltered ) . ( david ) yeah , this , this should be - ( rudolf ) yeah . this , this is should be like the story right . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s like the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but it\u00b4s not really - yeah , the - the title isn\u00b4t story about the content . it\u00b4s not so i should ( ? ? ) the title . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but , yeah , i don\u00b4t know . representing words . ( rudolf ) i think the name of the book is nice . ( david ) yeah , the ( ? ? ) the book is , yeah . this is - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , maybe we should ( ? ? ) . word and ( ? ? ) . the first chapter , um , the first real chapter can be hidden in the , the embeddings . ( david ) and hidden in the attentions . and then - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then in the context . ( david ) then in the context . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4m playing with hiding in my pages title . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i think my chapter ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . and do you think deep learning for the first , um , i would , maybe i would ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) attention ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) of the nlp . ( rudolf ) i thought so nlp . ( david ) it , it is not on nlp . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . i think it\u00b4s fine . deep learning . this ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) should ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok , so i ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) well , this is like the , um , the ( ? ? ) for chapters and these , these ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . maybe it will be better if summary were somewhere there ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) um , it can be just here , yeah . ( david ) but in the introduction we don\u00b4t have it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . and it\u00b4s the same as - ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s the same as ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think the summary is usually not numbered . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , maybe , yeah . i don\u00b4t - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it\u00b4s not really part of the text . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . that\u00b4t right . i , i don\u00b4t ( ? ? ) the text . this is ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) look at the benjamin\u00b4s translations - library and the basic ( screens ) . yeah , they\u00b4re like . ok , they haven\u00b4t appendix and the geographic glossary . yeah , unnumbered . because , yeah , replace is also unnumbered . because the text really starts here . ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also we want the ( ? ? ) number the things at the beginning in ( ? ? ) roman numbers ( ? ? ) . and also we have the roman number there but . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so ( ? ? ) sort of . ok . this book has not have a summary . ( rudolf ) hm . probably ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it has a glossary . ( david ) but it , it has , um , something like summary or not ? ( rudolf ) hm ... ( david ) i thought - also something . there\u00b4s mt ( ? ? ) . i think elmo - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , this - ( david ) no . these are ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . hm . ( david ) ok , um , so let\u00b4s , so um ... what next ? um ... tom\u00e1\u0161 ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it doesn\u00b4t have summary ( ? ? ) index . ( david ) so tom\u00e1\u0161 , did you already said that this is almost finished . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um ... yeah , but it\u00b4s almost finished - ( david ) yeah , so we can read it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and ( ? ? ) . yeah , parts of that you can read . and other parts not so much . ( david ) so were you , you read anything and ( ready ) comment - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) what is missing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) maybe you can ( ? ? ) . ( david ) maybe should everyone of us ( ? ? ) read the whole book - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) and see what is , what is - yeah . comment mainly what is missing - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) and what , what connections i mean in the chapters and - ( rudolf ) the ideal comments for me would be what to remove . maybe what is just rewrite . ( david ) what exactly . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and show it and rewrite it . ( rudolf ) yeah . and as they said with as , as google there ( ? ? ) , like , please , um , ( ? ? ) your suggestions in the formal , formal request . ( david ) ok , so my chapter . i , yeah , i start within the first parts , added some of the , some , actual these are , these are so ( ? ? ) for , from paper , so ... ( rudolf ) i\u00b4ve defined , um , macro for , from - ( david ) you define the macro ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( ? ? ) deffinitely this . ( ? ? ) ( david ) well , i will - ( rudolf ) decided be to have ( ? ? ) or , um , the other common style of refering to ( ? ? ) so - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) find something ( ? ? ) . and maybe we shouldn\u00b4t forget to ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , this is also store , store , um , ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) i added some comments in this , in this chapter and , and rewritten some sentences that seemed - ( david ) yeah . i , i - yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) too czech to me . ( david ) yeah , yeah . because yeah . i , i - so this is , yeah . yeah , what is missing in my part is rewrite or add , add something to the last , last , um , last section what is ( ? ? ) . but it can be somehow ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) ok , so - ( rudolf ) i will check the list of figures maybe we should add some sure ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , that , that\u00b4s always the problem because - yeah , but - ( rudolf ) you can use the - you can use the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , yeah . in the square bracket , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( david ) so we should - i will added - ( rudolf ) here\u00b4s something we can slack ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so that\u00b4s tonight . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) i figured that the , that the - ( rudol ) well it\u00b4s not ( ? ? ) milan so - ( tomasz ) i\u00b4m too ( listed up ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , this is - yeah . ( tomasz ) so maybe that somenthing be in text . ( david ) yeah , it - yeah , but it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) very technical . ( rudolf ) i know . it\u00b4s defined but just add the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . so do you , um , have time to read it ? now i and ruda - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . i think it\u00b4s very - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m fine . ( david ) you ? ok . so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) when do we have the next meeting ? ( rudolf ) do we have something planned ? ( david ) no . truly said , i , i think i , i don\u00b4t know where i will be ( ? ? ) . but i won\u00b4t be online the next week . ( rudolf ) the whole week ? ( david ) the whole week . but maybe i will , so ... will we ( ? ? ) . but we can , so in two weeks or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) you don\u00b4t have any ( ruda ) ? ( rudolf ) no , no . no , no , no . may- , um , i don\u00b4t know . hm . no . no , i\u00b4ll not . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s - yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , there is the lsd meeting written on july 21th . ( david ) yeah , but ruda , ruda this is having all the tuesdays . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . i just put there . regurarly so that nobody - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so that we haven\u00b4t space to - ( david ) i deleted , i deleted all the meetings , um , starting the next year , because - ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( rudolf ) um , so we could maybe ( ? ? ) but we don\u00b4t want to , right ? ( ? ? ) . ( david ) um , yeah , we can make , yeah . i think we almost have all the what - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what we have promised . so - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) only thing is this book so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) we can , we can ( ? ? ) only the , um , only evaluation . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i , i think if i write , um - ( rudolf ) do you write - ( david ) to the final report if i writed we already have written it and i , i can , um , attend , um , to the report - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and that we only wait for , wait for , um , printing it - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) that , um , they will postpone the evaluation and - ( rudolf ) hm . we can say that we couldn\u00b4t write it home because we have to sit at home and - ( david ) yeah , that\u00b4s - yeah , that\u00b4s the problem . but i don\u00b4t know how to - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , at home . ( david ) ok , so i - so , ruda , you are not here this week and the next week you are here ? ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m comming back on sunday on morning . ( david ) yeah , so you can come in next , next week then . ( rudolf ) yeah . so i hope that you will comment my chapter in the meantime . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) comment it and , and ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , i said that not , not to write to when everything is , everything is written . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i , if you , if we ( thinkg ) and , or we ( ? ? ) figures well and read it the whole book and comment everything . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) um ... this week . and yeah . and ... and in parallel we can , we can reach all the , all the sections somehow and respond to the recommends as tom\u00e1\u0161 . and we will see if it\u00b4s ... i suppose the next meeting - so next meeting would be in , um , tuesday - ( rudolf ) so the 21th i can delete ? ( david ) 21th , yeah . um ... i will probably not - i don\u00b4t know . so you all are here ? the next - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so . ( rudolf ) so i can ( ? ? ) - ( david ) maybe - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . maybe , maybe the weekend i\u00b4m here . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and i will - yeah . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or we can meet anyway and - ( david ) or you can meet anyway and , and discussed the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) discussed the problems in , in , in the book so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , it should be better if you\u00b4ll meet and i will - yeah . i will participate if i\u00b4m online ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) what next ? do you have anything else ? about the book ? ( jind\u0159ich ) at the 21th of july would be at 11 , right ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . at least that\u00b4s what the calendar says . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yes , that\u00b4s what the calendar - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we can , we can , yeah . we can move it after lunch if you want . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) jind\u0159ich , you said something ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i said that 11 is fine . ( david ) ok , so we can , yeah . so we\u00b4ll - ( rudolf ) hm , the meeting after would be ok . ( david ) 28th . yeah . 28th . yeah , if this is possible for you . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . but it 's still possible that you have to shift something because of the theatre - ( david ) yeah , of course . yeah . ( rudolf ) meeting or the theathre deadlines . ( david ) yeah . yeah . but it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it is - ( david ) it\u00b4s not problem ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) thank it\u00b4s like theatre meeting in ( ? ? ) so - ( david ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) i\u00b4m not here the week after . the first week of , of the , so - but i\u00b4m suppose if , if it\u00b4s that the - ( rudolf ) the book will be finished already . ( david ) i would like to have it finished . i don\u00b4t - yeah . we have to , yeah , find the reviewers . ( rudolf ) i can - ( david ) i can ask doctor kr\u00e1l from plze\u0148 . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it will be ok . if i , i , i think that his review will be ok . i don\u00b4t know if anyone else has - do you , do you know about anyone who could review it ? ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) ? ( david ) um ... well , professor haji\u010d said they should be non ( ? ? ) czech , ideally not in czech but - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i can see - i can ask someone from helsinky ( ? ? ) your what someone else . so i should send professor ( ? ? ) . maybe it\u00b4s enough to have one more . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s was that ? ( david ) like lecture , i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t know the - ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . what are you ? are you post doc ? ( david ) i don\u00b4t know what i am . that now , i know , i\u00b4m , i\u00b4m the , i\u00b4m - assistant professor . like ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) hm . how that you ( ? ? ) ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like what , what are you ? ( david ) mark\u00e9ta told me that i\u00b4m assistant ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , here it says - ( david ) ( ? ? ) participant , participate and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) researcher . ( david ) like assistant . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . i\u00b4m a ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and yeah , you are assistant professor . ( david ) yeah , i\u00b4m assistant professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . also i don\u00b4t know why it is for professor up here . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) haji\u010d . ( david ) on haji\u010d , haji\u010dov\u00e1 , ( ? ? ) , ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . these are professors but i don\u00b4t know . let\u00b4s , let jind\u0159ich see . so it\u00b4s full professor here . ( rudolf ) ah , only haji\u010d is ( true ) professor . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what does that mean ? that ( he\u00b4s true ) professor . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) usually ( true ) professor mean neither the , neither associate professor now , assistant professor . and neither professor ( analytics ) . ( david ) but all , all four are professors . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , but they might have ( ? ? ) status . like being already retired but still professors . i , i\u00b4m not sure ( further ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not they are listed as academic stuff . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they actually work there , at mal\u00e1 strana , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . strange . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) but i think , yeah . b\u00e1ra hladk\u00e1 ( ? ? ) . and dan zeman also . i think we do have - ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , i wonder what jarka was it . do you know ? i can ( ? ? ) or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i taught the email was rather - ( rudolf ) it seems like - ( amsterdam ) something or i don\u00b4t know or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . but then also a very implicite and - ( ? ? ) the email was like come and have a drink in the middle of the work day . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it was - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) strange . ( rudolf ) it said ( ? another language ? ) , so the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) subject was sure great . let\u00b4s have a short break from working and let\u00b4s have wine . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) drink . ( david ) so it was at - ( rudolf ) 2 p. m. ( david ) last week or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . today . ( david ) today . aha . ( rudolf ) maybe she has some birthday or something . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) name\u00b4s day maybe . it\u00b4s here name\u00b4s day somewhere around ? do you have name\u00b4s days ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . probably i\u00b4ll find that . ( rudolf ) yeah . jaroslava - ( jind\u0159ich ) today it is mark\u00e9ta . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) it is mark\u00e9ta . ( rudolf ) so maybe it was this ok . maybe this was the reason . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should have gathered and listen her ( ? ? ) here and - ( david ) yeah . and have wine . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) we don\u00b4t have wine here or do we ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not that i know of . ( rudolf ) you probably do have wine but we don\u00b4t know it . ( david ) or you . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ok , i will have to go to ( ? ? ) . ( david ) aha . ok . so i think we - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) lunch - ( david ) we have , i , i think we have discussed everything . or is ( ? ? ) if you don\u00b4t know about someone who could review our book . ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( david ) we should have the name next before we , we can read the book so that we can start reviewing process . ( rudolf ) i still don\u00b4t know how - ( david ) maybe better is - ( rudolf ) who kind of people we , we\u00b4re looking for . i know tons of people i just don\u00b4t know ( ? ? ) we want . i know lot of people from the mt community , people are friends , um , i think ( ? ? ) . actually the bojar\u00b4s grant which is also ( ? ? ) interpretability is ( ? ? ) his team . bojar has some grant ( ? ? ) something about interpretability . ( david ) yeah . yeah , in the , yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know if there are some people who are ( ? ? ) - ( david ) do you know them ? ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah , we don\u00b4t know them but yeah . ( ? ? ) like year , years ago but we should cooperate and - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) you\u00b4re saying then yeah . we should , we should learn what they doing or at least he should learn what we are doing but - the thing ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) and there are some , there are people from technical university of brno . but yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and they do speech recognition or another speech stuff . ( rudolf ) yeah . so nothing about speech . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) nothing about speech . ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know where we go to ask someone which really in , in this are interpretability or maybe we can ask someone else in nlp . cause this book is also ( ? ? ) working for someone - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) who is not - ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s kind of ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) but ( ? ? ) know about it ( ? ? ) , this is missing . ( david ) yeah . people who know about it will see what is missing but we will , we don\u00b4t know about this who will see more like - ( rudolf ) yeah , it was yeah , i don\u00b4t understand . ( david ) yeah , what\u00b4s ( ? ? ) understand . ( rudolf ) it depends what kind of reviewer we want . ( david ) if we want - ( rudolf ) if we want the reviewers who tell us that is ( ? ? ) writing . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , well . are you still there ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , we are still there . here . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there . ( jind\u0159ich ) halo , halo ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so i can , i can ask someone from helsinky and i can ask someone ( ? ? ) pavel kr\u00e1l . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) so because someone from helsinky see like more inter- , like more ( ? ? ) area of interpretability and pavel kr\u00e1l is only ( ? ? ) nlp and other - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) some ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) reviewing this for itad and there is also ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , i , i ( ? ? ) the review . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) parsing ( ? ? ) like 90s . they would even benefit from - the reading the book . like that . ( david ) like ( ? ? ) but , um , yeah , but itad like some ( ? ? ) are the ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but ( ? ? ) . it\u00b4s like ( ? ? ) . they\u00b4re saying that yeah , \u00fafal has something for czech ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ok , so yeah . for , for now we can , we can finish ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) read , read the book and - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and write a book . ( david ) write , write the book . and yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i would like to see many , many comments there so that we know , that we - yeah . ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . bye .", "tgt": "rudolf: inform that his part of book is ready to comments , except introduction and morfology . discuss referring to other authors and using own older paper . agreed on adding the reference . jind\u0159ich: give to the others an idea of his chapters . discuss how the neural models work , talk about the architecture and presents notable models . first part can be viewed as complete . discuss unfinished parts as probing , unsupervised methods and mention methods for visualisation . consider mention of behaviour testing . agreed on follow belinkov in classifying like the probing and our unsupervised methods as structure analysis , and then the behavioral analysis is something different . clarify mentioning and meaning of nlp people and machine learning people . agreed to mention in introduction it is about thinking general , not only nlp . if it should be better to specify it could be mention even if there is not agree on importancy . rudolf will check list of figures . david , rudolf , tom\u00e1\u0161 , jind\u0159ich discuss who could review the text . next meeting will be on 21st july ."}
{"src": " ( rudolf ) hi , tomasz ! ( tomasz ) hello ! ( jind\u0159ich ) hi ! ( tomasz ) hi ! ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hi ! ( rudolf ) so , i guess that\u00b4s , um , everyone for today . i think david is not planning to join even remotely . ( tomasz ) hm . he , he is on vacation so i think he is in mountains or something . ( rudolf ) yeah . um ... so , yeah , we don\u00b4t have anything on the meeting agenda , um ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so that\u00b4s all today . ( rudolf ) so , well i guess the agenda is the book as usual . well , except for the book tom\u00e1\u0161 has some nice visualisations which he put into the slack so i don\u00b4t know if we want to talk about this as well . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i ( read ) the book already like the part of , not all of them . well , i\u00b4m not like sure if there\u00b4s actually anything to talk about . but , yeah , i redone some of the - some of the embedding color maps which according to the , um , glove , um , articles should , you know , show the bands and yeah , so before i\u00b4ve had some images that didn\u00b4t show basically any bands . and now i\u00b4ve redone the training with different parameters and skip-gram seems to show much clearer bands than ( seebow ) , if ( seebow ) even shows any - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) at all . but still if you look in the book like the glove image on , yeah , on you- , on page - what\u00b4s this page ? on page 54 the glove image is the least , is the one that\u00b4s least , um , similar to the original glove image on the previous page which is from the glove paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so i\u00b4m not sure what to make of this . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s also different language , yeah ? it\u00b4s czech ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . no , no , no , no . this is all - yeah , ok , it is foreign language between the original and the new one but then yeah , these are on czech , the original one is on english . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but like the fasttex here for example is rather similar to the original image . although the color scheme is a little different but that\u00b4s not the property of the image . is this the last version ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) actually it push it ? i\u00b4m not sure . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( cause ) in the last version i think this word2vec image should be the , the one from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) from skip-gram which will look a little better . ( rudolf ) yeah . and the fasttex does skip-gram or ( seabow ) ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) fasttext , hm ... i\u00b4m not sure . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) skip-gram . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) skip-gram . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) let me check approving , yeah , the correct version is on my computer in the other room - i will go there and try to find out if i com- i , i think i\u00b4ve comitt that but i\u00b4m not sure if i put it to - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) to github . i\u00b4ll check . ( tomasz ) or it might be on the ( ? ? ) computer so - ( jind\u0159ich ) what is that ? ( rudolf ) what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) is that weird rytmic sound coming from you ? ( rudolf ) ah , yeah . it\u00b4s the bread machine . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh . by the way , rudo , when did you come to prague on some- , someday ? ( rudolf ) eh , i don\u00b4t know . 8 p.m. something . 9 p.m. ? ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) so is it there ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( jind\u0159ich ) that this is much faster by the car . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , i ( ? ? ) . we took a slow train . it was the fast train but it was quite slow . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , we\u00b4ve got a tra- , traffic jam on , on , on d1 so , so i was thinking , oh , maybe the guys in the train were faster but - ( rudolf ) hm . oh , we went for lunch first and then we waited - ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) for a bus and then we waited for a train and then the train was quite slow . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . we spent half a- , an hour and half in znojmo - having , having a lunch so it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , ok , i can see the new images so ... aha . so , so basically you can confirm that the parts are there but actually not for glove which was - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) original claim . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but i think , um , the bands are still there for ( ? ? ) one there\u00b4s like one , one band that is so strong that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you can really see the band elsewhere - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because you don\u00b4t the , the column ( epids ) adapted so in - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there\u00b4s like one line of numbers that are much higher or much lower - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) than the numers elsewhere then - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the numbers as well will just get squashed to the same color . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . do we also want to show that for ( seabow ) it seems not to happen ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure . maybe . but then like what\u00b4s the - actually i would like to like - hm . i would like to evaluate the embeddings somehow . maybe , i don\u00b4t know the , what\u00b4s it called ? the thank for evaluating embeddings ? ( rudolf ) hm ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . that\u00b4s one - hm . or is this for ( sequences ) . i\u00b4m not sure ( transfiction ) . no , it\u00b4s ( matfyz ) ( ? ? ) everyone . and this is for sentences ( finds ) . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ah , ok . anyway , maybe just on the mikolov\u00b4s assos- , whatever , analogy task . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because i sort of suspect that like if the embeddings don\u00b4t show any structure it\u00b4s because they are not trained well . maybe ( seabow ) needs more ( ? ? ) than skip-gram . i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) ok . so i guess let\u00b4s move to the book . so , um . . so from i saw so the main thing that happend is that , um , tomasz and jindra and david went over some parts of the text and added some , some comments and to does and so on . um , so , um , thanks a lot for that . at least i went mostly through my chapture and , um , yeah , i have a few things to discuss mostly , yeah , mostly i agree with the comments and i will just , um , try to implement the suggestions , so , so that\u00b4s easy . and ... yeah , i guess maybe i can , um , share the document so that we can , um ... how do i do this ? because there\u00b4re a few things i would like to discuss . um , can you see it now ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) yes , i see . ( rudolf ) um ... so there were , ah , yeah . um ... yeah , so tomasz , neither he has some , um , visualisations for , um - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) the , the parter speech tagging . so yeah , i think this would be nice to , to add there . so ( ? ? ) - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4ll be happy if you put it there . ( tomasz ) so i can just add a new subsection with visualisations because i have some text , it\u00b4s not long - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s like summarize ( ? ? ) there . but those are mostly in the papers you already cited so , so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it won\u00b4t be like ( zutas ) like , um , sum- , um , summary of that . ( rudolf ) hm . um , yeah , i think that\u00b4s fine like you can add it there and then we can see if we need to merge it or , or something but , um - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . like my chapture is really low on any visualisations so i would be very happy for a- , a- , anything in this sense i guess . hm ... yeah . ( tomasz ) yeah , so , so i will , i will add it this weekend ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ok , thanks . yeah , um ... yeah , um ... this was an interesting note from , um , jindra . so , um , i talked about , um , that models encoding some linguistic abstractions and jindra suggested that maybe it encodes just some featchures and i\u00b4m really not sure about the germanology here . like , well , it deffinitely encodes some featchures but then , um , what we kind of want to do is to map it maybe to linguistic abstractions and ... yeah , i don\u00b4t know what we want to call these things ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , ( ? ? ) , i , i , i think , i think you said it quite exactly that , that , that , um , we spot some featchures and map it to some extractions and , and , and - this is only people who have extractions , on the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) not the models . ( rudolf ) well , i don\u00b4t know like if , if you do some , i don\u00b4t know , analysis of , um , attentions and you find that it\u00b4s similar to syntactic trees so that\u00b4s , i wouldn\u00b4t say , this is featchures , this is already structure of , of something . so i would say the abstractions emerged already in the model . ( jind\u0159ich ) i , i would still see that , that , that they\u00b4re emerges some structure and , and we can map the structure to know linguistic abstractions . ( rudolf ) ok , so , so what say , so what\u00b4s in the networks it\u00b4s structures , it\u00b4s featchures - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but the abstractions it\u00b4s not in the network , it\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . at the ( ? ? ) what\u00b4s put - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) into it . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , um , ok . yeah . i think , um , yeah . i think we can , we can define it this way . um ... cause like i don\u00b4t have any , i don\u00b4t know , strong opinion or , or anything . i just thought that , yeah , we\u00b4re probably not using it consistently . um ... i , i\u00b4ll make a note . um ... ok , um ... yeah , that\u00b4s fine . sure , sure , sure , sure , sure . um ... yeah , what\u00b4s something , here are , yeah , another terminology call a thing , so yeah . so my understanding was that an lstm cell is like one neuron in , in the network . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( no . ) ( rudolf ) and i think if jind\u0159ich\u00b4s understanding is , is like whole layer kind of ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) is the cell ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , that\u00b4s the terminology . ( rudolf ) ok , so yeah , so again that\u00b4s something that i didn\u00b4t understand well , so ok . so , so kind of a cell and a layer are the same thing ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . well , at least , at least in a frameworks if you , um , applying a layer means like applaying the , um , the lstm overlack and entire sequence and , and cell is , is just like one step over , over one vector . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i think the whole ( rnn ) thing really breaks the neuron , you know , analogy because like i never seen any ilustration of ( ? ? ) neurons . there is always a vector coming in and a vector coming out . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , so the analogy isn\u00b4t really use in this context . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also like it doesn\u00b4t really make sense , right ? because - ( rudolf ) quite it\u00b4s that the mentions are independant inside ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( rudolf ) no ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not really . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) only you know they are , the gates are not for everything the time ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and there\u00b4s like linear projections from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the vector - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) to the gate . ( rudolf ) ok , so this was mean there\u00b4s no lstm neuron for sake ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . because the gates for the particular neuron depends all , all the other neurons . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so you would have like a many recurrent relationships inside the cell - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) if you want it to model individual neurons inside the cell . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the recurrent look relationship over the cell - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , yeah . it\u00b4s not really , um , um ... yeah , it\u00b4s not really done that way . my english is terrible today . ( rudolf ) hm . ok , so yeah , i guess i\u00b4ll , i\u00b4ll check again the - so in this case i\u00b4ll check again the original paper to see what they really do because if i\u00b4m going to the bone neurons in cell so maybe i didn\u00b4t even understand properly what they did . but - ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i , i think it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s fine that , that they , like in the output layer they really find like neurons like , like single numbers that correlate with something . ( rudolf ) hm . hm , hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) this is what , what is in , in one of the belinkov\u00b4s paper from this year acl at they , they , they had some character of model and , and fou- , found particular neurons that correlate well with some word boundaries . ( rudolf ) ok . ok . ( tomasz ) but this output would be also lstm ? it was some projections on top of that , yeah , or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) might be . i don\u00b4t know . ( tomasz ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok . um ... um , um , um , um . yeah , um , yeah , this is mostly note for myself that i have to check it more . um , yeah . this is something general to discuss . so a general comment that\u00b4s repeated from jind\u0159ich is that i talk about all of the linguistic abstractions but i don\u00b4t kind of introduce , um , the partical abstraction . so i just talk coreference but i don\u00b4t say what\u00b4s coreference or i talk about , i don\u00b4t know all , all these things without , without kind of introducing them or show and yeah , we don\u00b4t really have an introductory chapture on linguistics - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) that would explain what\u00b4s morfolgy , what\u00b4s syntax , what\u00b4s anything , so , um , there is like nothing to refer to , um , and yeah , i didn\u00b4t include any explanation . but , um , my understanding was that we kind of write , um , the book for people who kind of are more linguisticly orientated so they kind of know what\u00b4s coreference or what\u00b4s syntax . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm ... ( rudolf ) um , so i still agree that i , it would be good to at least say like in one sentence what\u00b4s coreference or something . but , um , i wouldn\u00b4t include some kind of detailed introductions to these concepts . ( jind\u0159ich ) no , no , no . i , i didn\u00b4t even ment of like this wh- , which is , one , one sentence is fine but would , i ment by most of the missing introduction comments was , um , why do we have a reason to believe that , that the neural networks should learn something like this . ( rudolf ) hm . like , um , like you mean that coreference is a same and just we believe that if you want to understand language you need to understand coreference so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) if didn\u00b4t you understand language it should understand coreference . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and , and ( since ) neural machine translation we can see that , that models do the coreference well and , and we need to think like as , as it a coincidence or , or did the neural network found out a work around or ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) how , how did it happend . ( rudolf ) hm . hm , hm . hm , hm . yeah . yeah . got it . ok , so yeah . that make sense or this would - i don\u00b4t know , um , this kind of seems more like something i would put in the , in the introduction to the chapture like , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) just this is kind of true for all of the abstractions that these are kind of characteristical for language and we - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah , but - but for instance for the grammatical correctness , um , i think that as , it will be better to discuss it like , like directly in the section . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i put it some short text and i think that people were considering - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) language model as a substitute for grammars , gramatical sentences get higher probability and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) again it\u00b4s like coincidence or is it like encoded somewhere ? ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ok . ok , yeah , i , i will try to do something with that . ok . now at least i understand the point so - um , yeah . but - so , so ok . and anyway i , i think ok , it makes sense to , um , shortly , um , say like in one sentence what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s dependency syntax maybe but , but not with detail . cause it will be different for everyone like you commented and like the ssg stuff cause yeah , we don\u00b4t know really ssg but other people know ssg and want know dependency syntax so that\u00b4s , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but , um , yeah , i guess we somehow have to expect the reader do , do know something about linguistic cause - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , sure . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , yeah . um , yeah , there is the section on negation which is a bit weird , yeah , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i had a lot discussion , um , what would , would people here in , in unique , um , i think that the papers that you discussed are , are all from here . ( rudolf ) aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , um , the , they say the bird does not knew about negation and i say that , that bird knows everything about negation . cause it\u00b4s trained on realword sentences and , um , he only negate sentence that , that sounds probable , otherwise would you that you have no need to , to say a negative sentence so bird tense to filling the thing that is most probable because it , it makes the most sense to negate . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) but um ... ( rudolf ) it kind of ( redealing ) with real language not like a formal language where - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) so you mostly say things that are true and , yeah , you mostly talk about the real word and not about a non-existant word and - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . and if you say , if you need to negate something you need to negate something that your conversational partner believes is true . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) otherwise you would not negate it . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) so ( ? ? ) negates thing that , that it believes are true . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . hm . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and anyway , i\u00b4m not sure about including , um , this , um , this sort of , um , stuff because it\u00b4s and it\u00b4s , this , this behavioral analysis - ( rudolf ) yep . ( jind\u0159ich ) as we already say , um , in chapture 3 or what it is , that , that we focus on , on the structural - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) analysis . so if you like don\u00b4t want to deal with that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and i , i , i think we can just omit it and , and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) it would no harm . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . yeah . um ... yeah , i agree it\u00b4s , yeah , like it would be good to include in the book but , um , then , um , tomasz ( manished ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . maybe ( ? ? ) building finally dissapeared . or the electricity stop working . or the internet stop working . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) original ( ? ? ) started - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) falling from the ceiling or whatever . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( jind\u0159ich ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( tomasz ) sorry , i just lost connection . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tomasz ) i\u00b4m back . ( rudolf ) yeah , um , so yeah , we just decided to remove the negation part - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) and yeah , otherwise i think i don\u00b4t have any thing i need to discuss about my chapture so the rest of the comments it\u00b4s like , yeah , i agree and i will try to implement it so - unless you want to discuss something of that so we can move to , i don\u00b4t know - ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... ( rudolf ) somebody chapture of - ( jind\u0159ich ) i would , i would like to know if i should read the , the second half of the chapture or if ( it\u00b4s too ) late or , because , um , i will , i will be working only this week and i , i\u00b4ll have vacation the next week so everything i , i do ( would ) be , would be this week . so does it make sense if i read the rest of the chapture and , and add some comments this week or , or not ? ( rudolf ) um , yeah . um ... yeah . i think the rest of the chapture is ready to be read . like tomasz read it already and added some comments so maybe tomasz can say if he thinks that it makes sense to read it at this point but i think i hope yes . ( tomasz ) i think i haven\u00b4t any comments to the - las- , last sections so - it was about multilinguality or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) the layers what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s on ( ? ? ) layer and , and a multilinguality , yes . ( tomasz ) yeah . so i just thought that there is like two , i think there is couple of , i don\u00b4t remember , but few sections that really , um , repeats itself . like they en- , enrolled i think that one could be merge with another one . because there , there was , um - um , um , i don\u00b4t ( think ) , yeah , i think lot of sections there was , um , um , discussed about different pretraining task and it was in , in many parts . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so it ( ? ? ) this could be a bit merge like to , to say it in one , one thing . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) because there is some , um , arguments i think that\u00b4s repeat themselves in different sections like - ( rudolf ) hm . ok . yeah , um , it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) i will look at it . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) kove and elmo comparhasion . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) that those i think few papers that compare them and those are in different sections so , so it ( ? ? ) that take - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) merged and i think - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it ( ? ? ) only my comment to that . ( rudolf ) yeah , ok . ( tomasz ) i also , when i read , there is one thing i think from - i don\u00b4t know because when i read it i , i tried sometimes i was a bit sleepy but it was also some , sometimes ( bitten ) purpose to be like more less really - you know , um , too , too think about some things that could not be understand , understood - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) at the first reading . so there is one words that , that i don\u00b4t whether , maybe it\u00b4s commonly known but it\u00b4s qes , qes . i , i think it\u00b4s from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) one of the papers . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so maybe they , they could be some , some more definition of that because for me it\u00b4s didn\u00b4t really say anything . i need to just look it up . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) either i try ( ? ? ) it but - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah , um - ( tomasz ) because i think - ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4ll check , check where i use it and , and see , yeah , if i can make it more explicite . ( tomasz ) oh , this ( ? ? ) from couple times . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) they did something i just don\u00b4t know and - ( rudolf ) yeah , ok . yeah , i think it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um ... yeah , it\u00b4s kind of , um , a bit ( wage ) what it really means so , so i can , yeah , i can check what it means , yeah . hm . like to , so that is , is more clear but , but , um , what was ment . hm . ok . yeah , so jind\u0159ich basically stopped somewhere before word senses it seems with his comments . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) um , so - ( tomasz ) i , i think - i think it\u00b4s be like an efficial to , to also , to read it once more because , yeah , i ( ? ? ) say . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) for multilinguality maybe like , um , they could be more , more to , to , to comment . but multilinguality was done by , by , by whom ? part ? it was - ( rudolf ) yeah . so this is , this is kind of , um , um , taken from , um , a paper which - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) jind\u0159ich mostly wrote and i kind of adapted it for the book but , um , yeah , it comes from that so - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) yeah , ( ? ? ) this is - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m - yeah . um ... yeah , i think about jind\u0159ich should look at it a bit and say - ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) if he thinks if this is fine but , but , yeah . it\u00b4s kind of his text originally adapted by me so - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) i - it\u00b4s probably too detailed as well , i don\u00b4t know . ( tomasz ) just lot of citations there but yeah , i think , it\u00b4s - so it\u00b4s qui- , quite down say , i would say . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) is that because you needed to have ( dense ) in an acl paper ? ( tomasz ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) something with it . ( rudolf ) hm . ok , um ... so i guess we\u00b4re probably done with my chapture so , um , what do we want to talk about next ? um ... so it doesn\u00b4t make much sense to talk about david\u00b4s chapture i guess . um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) um , this is the maximum . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . loud - ( rudolf ) we can move elsewhere this , this what we can do . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anyway , sorry . what were you saing jind\u0159ich ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , what are david\u00b4s plans if i , um , the question is if i read this , the , the , the chapture this week and , and , and leave some comments . will he have time to , to do something about it next week or is it to late ? ( rudolf ) if me or tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) david . ( rudolf ) or david . david . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) probably . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think next week he\u00b4s here , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) probably . ( rudolf ) and anyway the deadline for the book is not really clear . so , yeah . i heard him discussed it with someone . like about the , the rules of the grant like when the things really need to be finished and - it wasn\u00b4t really clear even so like - anyway like the sooner the better . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but there might be some options of postponing some things so it\u00b4s , yeah , i think it always make sense to have the comments there so there will be a chance to improve it and - yeah , if just david realizes that yeah , we have to sumbitted now , so just some things will be ( end ) of rest but , um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) i guess that\u00b4s fine . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so i haven\u00b4t read all the comments for my chaptures yet but from what i saw i will implement it and - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and what else did i want to say ? yeah . we have this idea with david last week when ruda wasn\u00b4t here reall . because as your remember clearly , um , when , three years ago when we were discussing the grant proposal , ruda was saying , yeah , let\u00b4s have a book , i like writing , i will write the whole thing and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so - so we think ruda should ( ? ? ) , um , we , we thought that maybe we could just sit down sometimes , probably next week or maybe the two of us can sit down this week and , and because ruda has talent for , you know , making a lot of text appear - we could just , you know , talk to you about what we want to write and you can write it - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) right there or we can just like discuss - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the things that we are writing - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and write it at the same time and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe it will help us move forward - ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s fine with me . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sort of like the hackaton helps ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) like i do have a problem with writing but i have to know the things thati\u00b4m writing about and the problem with this book is that , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m mostly writing about things which i don\u00b4t know much about so - that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s the hard part . like - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , maybe we can like - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) up and - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) discuss things and - ( rudolf ) like - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) write them - ( rudolf ) yeah . like i\u00b4m good at reading and i\u00b4m good at writing but i\u00b4m not good at reading . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe i could like read some things for you and - ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s fine with me . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . tell me what to write so i can write about it . then you say which parts are wrong and fix it and - like , yeah . that\u00b4s the way it works like with , with the , the book anyway . like i write some things and then mostly jind\u0159ich\u00b4s , jind\u0159ich comments on it like in place is where is wrong and - yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i\u00b4ve already read in one paper like that - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i , i\u00b4m a coauthor of one paper where i didn\u00b4t do any of the work , um , and just , um , the guys doing the work told me what they did and i wrote a paper and then they say , yeah , it\u00b4s wrong in this place and that place so i rewrote it again and - then - so yeah , it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so maybe we should - ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s possible to do that . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should try writing the book this way . ( rudolf ) yeah . so yeah , whenever you - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) there is something that should be written , um , like ( ? ? ) and yeah . i\u00b4m fine with that . ( tomasz ) yeah , i\u00b4m for it , we can meet . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i think next week - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) i can mostly be at work , um - this week i\u00b4m not sure , um ... yeah , but , yeah , next week should be mostly fine i guess . yeah , and david will be here sure , yeah , it should work . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , sure it\u00b4s not true that , um , we are suff- , supposed to send a book to the reviewers next week ? ( rudolf ) well , probably we\u00b4re supposed to - but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but we\u00b4ll probably won\u00b4t . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s kind of my understanding as well , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , when i last talk to david last week , i\u00b4ve sort of , yeah , got the idea that like right now we\u00b4re not really written with the precise deadline although we should hurry up as much as possible of course . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) so i saw some comments in , um , in my chaptures . ( rudolf ) right . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think that mostly concerned like , so i probably fix writing and that\u00b4s it on - ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4ve seen it mostly david comments . but i think it\u00b4s mostly , yeah , like some - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) improvements in the text , yeah . yeah . i didn\u00b4t , um , go throught it recently so , um , yeah . i , i look at the comments from david and yeah , i don\u00b4t think i have any , anything to add or - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) yeah , i can also see that , um , david also had some comments even for the real begannings of the book like the - ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like if he want to dedicated ( ? ? ) - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know . do you have some opinions on the dedication ? right now it\u00b4s to , um , albert hoffman who is just inventor of lsd . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i would probably remove that cause ( ? ? ) - ( ? ? ) chemical substance help those us writing a book , it is not true . and - ( rudolf ) yes . ( jind\u0159ich ) i have no , no other idea who we should ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) i think it\u00b4s not obligatory to have a dedication . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think we can just remove it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should come up with something . ( rudolf ) yeah , we still have the ( acknowledgement of the motto . yeah , i know tom\u00e1\u0161 - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) doesn\u00b4t like the motto but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . we\u00b4re not talking about the performance anywhere in the book basically . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . and also this is fake quotation . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s - i would say it\u00b4s not fake but rather unconfirmed or - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like it is quite possible that he said something like that but um ... ( tomasz ) yeah , some people could you up- , upset with that reading the book . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s kind of specially people that we\u00b4re writing the book for . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . so , um , do we want to have a motto , do , do you have some - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sure , we want but - ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) better one . ( jind\u0159ich ) we want some but better one , yeah . ( rudolf ) ok , so we probably want to remove the dedication motto we have right now and the competition is to advance something better . ok . yeah , then it use like david also suggest to have an introductory chapture like probably introduction to the book or something and - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i quite like the preface as it is but - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but , but introducion usually contains all these practical informations . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i haven\u00b4t read it . like these are the parts i always skip and i find them kind of useless , um ... so i wouldn\u00b4t add them there . i don\u00b4t know . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i kind of even hate it in the papers like in the paper were in the introduction usually say that ok , well it should use it and then described what we do and then present results and then conclude the paper and it\u00b4s like , yeah , what you expect anyway . um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . it , i think it\u00b4s kind of ( ? ? ) from the journal papers if you have like 30 pages long paper it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s totally make sense if you have a short acl paper at 4 pages it\u00b4s like - ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . so ok , so this is kind of long so - so yeah , we could have something like that . yeah , so like it , it\u00b4s something i can write but , um , yeah , if somebody put some bullets what to put there then i can turn it into text or - ( jind\u0159ich ) i think the bullets are already there . ( rudolf ) ok and - yeah . do you think it should be like just the preface or that we should have a new chapture just for that ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t know . i would , i would visually separate this , this like this , this motivation in the preface , perhaps start on the next page . i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ok . so i\u00b4ll take a note and i can , i can put something there but - when , when i put it there then you will disagree with it and , and we will find on something to , to have there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( ? ? ) plan . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . hm , hm , hm . ok , so i\u00b4m copying some ideas for a motto - ( ? ? ) to the agenda document . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . being that can be understood is language . i don\u00b4t understand it . so ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) maybe , maybe we should - maybe it will be easier if you put it on slack so we can discussed it later or - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . so - ( tomasz ) or is , is it just one ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) is one right now , i will - i will find more but - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way i have a next call in 10 minutes so - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) discuss we should make that in , in 10 minutes . ( rudolf ) hm . well , no , i don\u00b4t have anything more . ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) me neither . ( tomasz ) me neither . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . um ... what about , what about chapture 4 ? is it , is it ready for proofreading ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh ... well , some parts are , some parts aren\u00b4t . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . and do we h- , do we know anything about the revieweres or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok , i guess that\u00b4s it . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . yeah , see you . do we have meeting next week , yeah ? like usual time ? ( rudolf ) um ... i think so . the usual time is usually different time than ( ? ? ) time but - ( tomasz ) 11 i say but - ( rudolf ) but yeah . it\u00b4s planned for the 28th 11 a.m. ( tomasz ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , which hasn\u00b4t happened for sometime like the - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i would be there . ( rudolf ) yeah . um ... yeah , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s fine with me so far unless something turns up . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way , rudo , um , the , the paper about mul- , multilingual bert already has 8 citations on , on google scholar . ( rudolf ) ah , cool . so it\u00b4s still on emnlp now or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , yes . ( rudolf ) yeah . so , cool . ok , that\u00b4s nice . you mean there are two versions of the paper on archive , right . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( rudolf ) like there is the acl paper and then the emnlp paper ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , and one , one has 4 citations and the new , newer one has a 3 . ( rudolf ) cool . that\u00b4s nice . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and that was before ( ? ? ) the items on my , my google scholar profile and , and then two other citations of ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know which , which there . ( rudolf ) ok , interesting . so yeah , it sure seems that we don\u00b4t need to paper to be accepted anywhere because - ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s actual the , my , my first paper that , that got some citations before being published so i , i ( ? ? ) that . ( rudolf ) yeah . it\u00b4s to me kind of seens the review process is weird like they didn\u00b4t accepted but still people are interested in it and cited so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but all the revieweres said a good point that , that our plan to import an information missing and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and it should be written as a long paper than a short paper and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um . ( rudolf ) so maybe this means that it should be accepted for elmnlp so we\u00b4ll see . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . so have a good day and see you sometime . ( rudolf ) too . see you . next week at the ( lane ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) bye . ( tomasz ) bye . ( rudolf ) bye .", "tgt": "tom\u00e1\u0161 has redone some of the embedding color maps . tomasz , jindra and david went through some parts of the book and added some comments . tomasz can add some visualisations . lstm cell terminology was explained . jind\u0159ich suggests writing in the introduction of rudolf\u00b4s section more detailed information about dependency syntax . proposal to omit detailed information about negation . rest of the ruda\u00b4s chapture is ready to read . some sections in ruda\u00b4s chapture repeat itself and they should be merge . it will be good to make an appointment and tell rudolf what to write about , because he is good at writing long texts . there\u00b4re some comments in jind\u0159ich\u00b4s chapture , he only needs to improve some things in the text . decision remove dedication motto and it needs to be invented a new one . the next meeting will be on july 28 ."}
{"src": "( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) hi , tomasz ! ( tomasz ) hello ! ( jind\u0159ich ) hi ! ( tomasz ) hi ! ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hi ! ( rudolf ) so , i guess that\u00b4s , um , everyone for today . i think david is not planning to join even remotely . ( tomasz ) hm . he , he is on vacation so i think he is in mountains or something . ( rudolf ) yeah . um- . so , yeah , we don\u00b4t have anything on the meeting agenda , um- . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so that\u00b4s all today . ( rudolf ) so , but i guess the agenda is the book as usual . well , except for the book tom\u00e1\u0161 has some nice visualisations which he put into the slack so i don\u00b4t know if you wan- we want to talk about this as well . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) okay . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i 've seen the book already like the big part of , not all of them . well , i\u00b4m not quite sure if there\u00b4s actually anything to talk about . but , yeah , i 've redone some of the- . some of the embedding cover maps which according to the , um , glove , um , articles should , you know , show the bands and yeah , so before i\u00b4ve had some images that didn\u00b4t show basically any bands . and now i\u00b4ve redone the training with different parameters and skip-gram seems to show much clearer bands than cbow , if cbow even shows any- . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) at all . but still if you look in the book like the glove image on , yeah , on you- , on page - what\u00b4s this page ? on page 54 the glove image is the least , is the one that\u00b4s least , um , similar to the original glove image on the previous page which is from the glove paper . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so i\u00b4m not sure what to make of this . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s also different language , yeah ? it\u00b4s czech ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . no , no , no , no . this is all - . yeah , ok , it is foreign language between the original and the new one but then yeah , these are on czech , the original one is on english . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but like the fasttext here for example is rather similar to the original image . although the colour scheme is a little different but that\u00b4s not the property of the image . is this the last version ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) did i actually it push it ? i\u00b4m not sure . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) cause in the last version i think this word2vec image should be the , the one from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) from skip-gram which will look a little better . ( rudolf ) yeah . and the fasttext tests skip-gram or cbow ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) fasttext , hm- . not sure . ( jind\u0159ich ) i would have thought it 's skip-gram . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) skip-gram . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) let me check . approving , yeah , the correct version is on my computer in the other room - . i will go there and try to find out if i com- i , i think i\u00b4ve committed that but i\u00b4m not sure if i put it to - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) to github . i\u00b4ll check . ( tomasz ) or it might be on the ( ? ? ) computer so - . ( jind\u0159ich ) what is that ? ( rudolf ) what ? ( jind\u0159ich ) is that weird rhythmic sound coming from you ? ( rudolf ) ah , yeah . it\u00b4s the bread machine . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh . by the way , rudo , when did you come to prague on some- , sunday ? ( rudolf ) eh , i don\u00b4t know . 8 p.m. something . 9 p.m. ? ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) so is it there ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( jind\u0159ich ) that this is much faster by the car . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , well- . we took a slow train . it was the fast train but it was quite slow . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , we\u00b4ve got a tra- , traffic jam on , on , on d1 so , so i was thinking , oh , maybe the guys in the train were faster but - . ( rudolf ) hm . oh , we went for a lunch first and then we waited - . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) for a bus and then we waited for a train and then the train was quite slow . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . we spent half a- , an hour and half in znojmo - . having , having a lunch so it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , ok , i can see the new images so - . aha . so , so basically you can confirm that the parts are there but actually not for glove which was - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) the original claim . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but i think , um , the bands are still there for the long one but there\u00b4s like one , one band that is so strong that - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) you ca n't really see the band elsewhere - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because you don\u00b4t the , the colour map is adapted so in - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there\u00b4s like one line of numbers that are much higher or much lower - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) than the numbers elsewhere then - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the numbers elsewhere will just get squashed to the same colour . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . do we also want to show that for cbow it seems not to happen ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not sure . maybe . but then like what\u00b4s the - . actually i would like to like - . hm . i would like to evaluate the embeddings somehow . maybe , i don\u00b4t know the , what\u00b4s it called ? the thing for evaluating embeddings ? ( rudolf ) hm- . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . that\u00b4s one - . hm . or is this for sentences . i\u00b4m not sure ( transfiction ) . no , it\u00b4s ( matfyz ) ( ? ? ) everyone . and this is for sentences finds . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ah , ok . anyway , maybe just on the mikolov\u00b4s assos- , whatever , analogy task . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) because i sort of suspect that like if the embeddings don\u00b4t show any structure it\u00b4s because they are not trained well . maybe cbow needs more ( ? ? ) than skip-gram . i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) ok . so i guess let\u00b4s move to the book . so , um . so from i saw so the main thing that happened is that , um , tomasz and jindra and david went over some parts of the text and added some , some comments and to dos and so on . um , so , um , thanks a lot for that . at least , um , i went mostly through my chapter and , um , yeah , i have a few things to discuss mostly , yeah , mostly i agree with the comments and i will just , um , try to implement the suggestions , so , so that\u00b4s easy . and - . yeah , i guess maybe i can , um , share the document so that we can , um - . how do i do this ? because there\u00b4re a few things i would like to discuss . um , can you see it now ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) yes , i see it . ( rudolf ) um- . so there were , ah , yeah . um - . yeah , so tomasz , now that he has some , um , visualisations for , um - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) the , the part of speech tagging . so yeah , i think this would be nice to , to add there . so ( ? ? ) - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) i\u00b4ll be happy if you , if you put it there . ( tomasz ) so i can just add a new subsection with visualisations because i have some text , it\u00b4s not long - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s like summarize ( ? ? ) there . but those are mostly in the papers you already cited so , so - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it won\u00b4t be like ( zutas ) like , um , sum- , um , summary of that . ( rudolf ) hm . um , yeah , i think that\u00b4s fine like you can add it there and then we can see it if we need to merge it or , or something but , um - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . like my chapter is really low on any visualisations so i would be very happy for a- , a- , anything in this sense i guess . hm- . yeah . ( tomasz ) yeah , so , so i will , i will add it this week i think . ( rudolf ) ok , thanks . yeah , um- . yeah , um- . this was an interesting note from , um , jindra . so , um , i talked about , um , the models encoding some linguistic abstractions and jindra suggested that maybe it encodes just some features and i\u00b4m really not sure about the terminology here . like , well , it definitely encodes some features but then , um , what we kind of want to do is to map it maybe to linguistic abstractions and - . yeah , i don\u00b4t know what we want to call these things ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , ( ? ? ) , i , i , i think , i think you said it quite exactly that , that , um , we spot some features and map it to some extractions and , and , and - this is only people who have the extractions , not the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) not the models . ( rudolf ) well , i don\u00b4t know like if , if you do some , i don\u00b4t know , analysis of , um , attentions and you find that it\u00b4s similar to syntactic trees so that\u00b4s , i wouldn\u00b4t say , this is features , this is already structure of , of something . so i would say the abstractions emerged already in the model . ( jind\u0159ich ) i , i would still say that , that , that they\u00b4re emerges some structure and , and we can map the structure to know linguistic abstractions . ( rudolf ) ok , so , so what say , so what\u00b4s in the networks it\u00b4s structures , it\u00b4s features - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but the abstractions it\u00b4s not in the network , it\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . it 's it 's what people put into it- ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , um , ok . yeah . i think , um , yeah . i think we can , we can define it this way . um- . cause like i don\u00b4t have any , i don\u00b4t know , strong opinion or , or anything . i just thought that , yeah , we\u00b4re probably not using it consistently . um- . i , i\u00b4ll make a note . um ... ok , um- . yeah , that\u00b4s fine . sure , sure , sure , sure , sure . um- . yeah , what\u00b4s something , here are , uh yeah , another terminology call a thing , so yeah . so my understanding was that an lstm cell is like one neuron in , in the network . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( rudolf ) and i think if jind\u0159ich\u00b4s understanding is , is like the whole layer kind of ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) is the cell ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , that\u00b4s the terminology . ( rudolf ) ok , so yeah , so again that\u00b4s something that i didn\u00b4t understand well , so ok . so , so kind of a cell and a layer are the same thing ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . well , at least , at least in a frameworks if you , um , applying a layer means like applying the , um , the lstm over like an entire sequence and , and cell is , is just like one step over , over one vector . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i think the whole ( rnn ) thing really breaks the neuron , you know , analogy because like i never seen any illustration of single neurons . there is always a vector coming in and a vector coming out . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , so the analogy isn\u00b4t really used in this context . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also like it doesn\u00b4t really make sense , right ? because - . ( rudolf ) quite it\u00b4s that the dimensions are independent inside ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( rudolf ) no ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not really . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like you know they are , the gates are not for every single dimension . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and there\u00b4re like linear projections from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the vector - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) to the gate . ( rudolf ) ok , so this was mean there\u00b4s no lstm neuron for say ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . because the gates for the particular neuron depends all , all the other neurons . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so you would have like a many recurrent relationships inside the cell - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) if you want it to model individual neurons inside the cell . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then the recurrent look relationship over the cell - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , yeah . it\u00b4s not really , um , um- . yeah , it\u00b4s not really done that way . my english is terrible today . ( rudolf ) hm . ok , so yeah , i guess i\u00b4ll , i\u00b4ll check again the - . so in this case i\u00b4ll check again the original paper to see what they really do , because if i\u00b4m going to the bone neurons in cell so maybe i didn\u00b4t even understand properly what they did . but - . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i , i think it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s fine that , that they , like in the output layer they really find like neurons like , like single numbers that correlate with something . ( rudolf ) hm . hm , hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) this is what , what is in , in one of the belinkov\u00b4s paper from this year 's acl that they , they , they had some character of model and , and fou- , found particular neurons that correlate well with some word boundaries . ( rudolf ) ok . ok . ( tomasz ) but this output would be also lstm ? it was some projections on top of that , yeah , or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) might be . i don\u00b4t know . ( tomasz ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok . um- . um , um , um , um . yeah , um , yeah , this is mostly note for myself that i have to check it more . um , yeah . um , yeah . this is something general to discuss . so a general comment that\u00b4s repeated from jind\u0159ich is that i talk about all of the linguistic abstractions but i don\u00b4t kind of introduce , um , the particular abstraction . so i just talk about co reference but i don\u00b4t say what\u00b4s co reference or i talk about , i don\u00b4t know all , all these things without , without kind of introducing them or show and yeah , we don\u00b4t really have an introductory chapter on linguistics - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) that would explain what\u00b4s morphology , what\u00b4s syntax , what\u00b4s anything , so , um , there is like nothing to refer to , um , and yeah , i didn\u00b4t include any explanation . but , um , my understanding was that we kind of write , um , the book for people who kind of are more linguistically orientated so they kind of know what\u00b4s co reference or what\u00b4s syntax . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) um , so i still agree that i , it would be good to at least say like in one sentence what\u00b4s co reference or something . but , um , i wouldn\u00b4t include some kind of detailed introductions to these concepts . ( jind\u0159ich ) no , no , no . i , i didn\u00b4t even meant it like this wh- , which is , one , one sentence is fine but would , would , i meant by most of the missing introduction comments was , um , why do we have a reason to believe that , that the neural networks should learn something like this . ( rudolf ) hm . like , um , like you mean that co reference is a same and just we believe that if you want to understand language you need to understand co reference so - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) if didn\u00b4t you understand language it should understand co reference . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and , and ( since ) neural machine translation we can see that , that models do the co reference well and , and we need to think like as , is it a coincidence or , or did the neural network found out a work around or - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) how , how does it happen . ( rudolf ) hm . hm , hm . hm , hm . yeah . yeah . got it . ok , so yeah . that make sense or this would - . i don\u00b4t know , um , this kind of seems more like something i would put in the , in the introduction to the chapter like , um - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) just this is kind of true for all of the abstractions that these are kind of characteristical for language and we - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah , but - . but for instance for the grammatical correctness , um , i think that as , it will be better to discuss it like , like directly in the section . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i i put it some short text and saying that people were considering - . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( language model ) as a substitute for grammars , grammatical sentences get higher probability and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) again it\u00b4s like coincidence or is it li- like encoded somewhere ? ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ok . ok , yeah , i , i will try to do something with that . ok . now at least i i understand the point so - . um , yeah . but - so , so ok . and anyway i , i think ok , it makes sense to , um , shortly , um , say like in one sentence what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s dependency syntax maybe but , but not not with detail . cause it will be different for everyone like you commented and like the ssg stuff cause yeah , we don\u00b4t know really ssg but other people will know ssg and wo n't know dependency syntax so that\u00b4s , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but , um , yeah , i guess we somehow have to expect the reader to , to know something about linguistics cause - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , sure . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , yeah . um , yeah , there is the section on negation which is a bit weird , yeah , um - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i had a long discussion , um , with would , would people here in , in munich , um , i think that the papers that you discussed are , are all from here . ( rudolf ) aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , um , the , they say the bird does not knew about negation and i say that , that bird knows everything about negation . cause it\u00b4s trained on real word sentences and , um , he only negate sentence that , that sounds probable , otherwise you would you that you have no need to , to say a negative sentence so bird tends to filling the thing that is most probable because it , it makes the most sense to to negate . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) but um . - . ( rudolf ) it kind of weird dealing with real language not like a formal language where - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) so you mostly say things that are true and , yeah , you mostly talk about the real word and not about a non-existent word and - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . and if you say , if you need to negate something you need to negate something that your conversational partner believes is true . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) otherwise you would not negate it . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) so ( ? ? ) negates thing that 's , that it believes are true . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . hm . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and anyway , i\u00b4m not sure about including , um , this , um , this sort of , um , stuff because it\u00b4s and it\u00b4s , this , this behavioural analysis - . ( rudolf ) yep . ( jind\u0159ich ) as we already say , um , in chapter 3 or what it is , that , that we focus on , on the structural - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) analysis . so if you like don\u00b4t want to deal with that - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and i , i , i think we can just omit it and , and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) it would no harm . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . yeah . um- . yeah , i agree it\u00b4s , yeah , like it would be good to include in the book but , um , then , um , tomasz vanished . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . maybe ( ? ? ) building finally disappeared . or the electricity stop working . or the internet stop working . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or you know water started - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) falling from the ceiling or whatever . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? another language ? ) ( tomasz ) sorry , i just lost connection . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tomasz ) i\u00b4m back . ( rudolf ) yeah , um , so yeah , we just decided to remove the negation part - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) and yeah , otherwise i think i don\u00b4t have anything i need to discuss about my chapter so the rest of the comments it\u00b4s like , yeah , i agree and i will try to implement it so - . unless you want to discuss something of that so we can move to , i don\u00b4t know - . ( jind\u0159ich ) um- . ( rudolf ) some other chapter of - ( jind\u0159ich ) i would , i would like to know if i should read the , the second half of the chapter or if ( it\u00b4s too ) late or , because , um , i will , i will be working only this week and i , i\u00b4ll have , um , vacation the next week so everything i , i do ( would ) be , would be this week . so does it make sense if i read the rest of the chapter and , and add some comments this week or , or not ? ( rudolf ) um , yeah . um- . yeah . i think the rest of the chapter is ready to be read . like tomasz read it already and added some comments so maybe tomasz can say if he thinks that it makes sense to read it at this point but i think i hope yes . ( tomasz ) i think i haven\u00b4t any comments to the - las- , last sections so - it was about multilinguality or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) about the the layers what\u00b4s , what\u00b4s on what layer and , and a multilinguality yes . ( tomasz ) yeah . so i just thought that there is like two , i think there is couple of , i don\u00b4t remember , but few sections that really , um , repeats itself . like the they en- , ey i wrote i think that one could be merged with another one . because there , there was , um - . um , um , i don\u00b4t think , yeah , i think lot of sections this there was , um , um , discussed about different pre-training task and it was in , in many parts . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so it maybe this could be a bit merged like to , to say it in one , one thing . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) because there is some , um , arguments i think that\u00b4s repeats themselves in different sections like - . ( rudolf ) hm . ok . yeah , um , it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) i will look at it . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) kove and elmo comparation . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) that those i think few papers that compared them and those are in different sections so , so i thought that take - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) merged and i think - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) it is only , only my comment to that . ( rudolf ) yeah , ok . ( tomasz ) i also , like when i read , there is one thing i think from - . i don\u00b4t know because , um , when i read it i , i tried some test i was a bit sleepy but it was also some , sometimes a bit on purpose to be like more less really - you know , um , to , to think about some things that could not be understand , understood - . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) at the first reading . so there is one words that , that i don\u00b4t whether , maybe it\u00b4s commonly known but it\u00b4s ques , ques . i , i think it\u00b4s from - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) one of the papers . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so maybe they , they could be some , some more definition of that because for me it\u00b4s didn\u00b4t really say anything . i needed to just look it up . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) either i try ( ? ? ) it but - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . yeah , um - ( tomasz ) because i think - . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4ll check , check where i use it and , and see , yeah , if i can make it more explicit . ( tomasz ) oh , this is actually from couple times . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) they did something i just don\u00b4t know and - . ( rudolf ) yeah , ok . yeah , i think it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um - . yeah , it\u00b4s kind of , um , a bit vague what , what it really means so , so i can , yeah , i can check what it means , yeah . hm . like to , so that is , is more clear but , but , um , what was meant . hm . ok . yeah , so jind\u0159ich basically stopped somewhere before word senses it seems with his comments . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) um , so - . ( tomasz ) i , i think - . i think it\u00b4s be like a beneficial to , to also , to read it once more because , yeah , i sometimes i - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) for multilinguality maybe like , um , they could be more , more to , to , to comment . but multilinguality was done by , by , by whom ? part ? it was - ( rudolf ) yeah . so this is , this is kind of , um , um , taken from , um , a paper which - . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) jind\u0159ich mostly wrote and i kind of adapted it for the book but , um , yeah , it comes from that so - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) yeah , because this is - . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m - . yeah . um - . yeah , i think about jind\u0159ich should look at it a bit and say - . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) if he thinks if this is fine but , but , yeah . it\u00b4s kind of his text originally adapted by me so - . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) i - it\u00b4s probably too detailed as well , i don\u00b4t know . ( tomasz ) just lot of citations there but yeah , i think , it\u00b4s - so it\u00b4s qui- , quite dense say , i would say . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) is that because you needed to have ( dense ) in an acl paper ? ( tomasz ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) i 'll try to do something with it . ( rudolf ) hm . ok , um - . so i guess we\u00b4re probably done with my chapter so , um , what do we want to talk about next ? um - . so it doesn\u00b4t make much sense to talk about david\u00b4s chapter i guess . um - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) um , this is the maximum . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . that 's loud - ( rudolf ) we can move elsewhere this , that 's what we can do . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anyway , sorry . what were you saying jind\u0159ich ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , what are david\u00b4s plans if i , um , the question is if i read , um , this , the , the , the chapter this week and , and , and leave some comments . will he have time to , to do something about it next week or is it too late ? ( rudolf ) if me or tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) david . ( rudolf ) or david . david . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) probably . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think next week he\u00b4s here , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) probably . ( rudolf ) and anyway the deadline for the book is not really clear . so , yeah . i heard him discussed it with someone . like about the , the rules of the grant like when the things really need to be finished and - . it wasn\u00b4t really clear even so like - . anyway like the sooner the better . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) but there might be some options of postponing some things so it\u00b4s , yeah , i think it always makes sense to have the comments there so there will be a chance to improve it and - . yeah , if just david realizes that yeah , we have to submit it now , so just some things will be un-addressed but , um . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) i guess that\u00b4s fine . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so i haven\u00b4t read all the comments for my chapters yet but from what i saw i will implement it and - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and what else did i want to say ? yeah . we have this idea with david last week when ruda wasn\u00b4t here really . because as you all remember clearly , um , when , three years ago when we were discussing the grant proposal , ruda was saying , yeah , let\u00b4s have a book , i like writing , i will write the whole thing and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so - . so we think ruda should write the whole thing , um , we , we thought that maybe we could just sit down sometimes , probably next week or maybe the two of us can sit down this week and , and because ruda has talent for , you know , making a lot of text appear - . we could just , you know , talk to you about what we want to write and you can write it - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) right there or we can just like discuss - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the things that we are writing - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and write it at the same time and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe it will help us move forward - . ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s fine with me . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sort of like the hackaton helps . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) like i do n't have a problem with writing but i have to know the things that i\u00b4m writing about and the problem with this book is that , um - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4m mostly writing about things which i don\u00b4t know much about so - . that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s the hard part . like - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , maybe we can like - . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) up and - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) discuss things and - . ( rudolf ) like - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) write them - . ( rudolf ) yeah . like i\u00b4m good at reading and i\u00b4m good at writing but i\u00b4m not good at reading . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe i could like read some things for you and - . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s fine with me . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . tell me what to write so i can write about it . then you say which parts are wrong and fix it and - . like , yeah . that\u00b4s the way it works like with , with the , the book anyway . like i write some things and then mostly jind\u0159ich\u00b4s , jind\u0159ich comments on it like in places where is wrong and - . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i\u00b4ve already written one paper like that - . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i , i\u00b4m a co-author of one paper where i didn\u00b4t do any of the work , um , and just , um , the guys doing the work told me what they did and i wrote a paper and then they said yeah , it\u00b4s wrong in this place and that place so i rewrote it again and - . then - . so yeah , it\u00b4s - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , so maybe we should - . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s possible to do that . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should try writing the book this way . ( rudolf ) yeah . so yeah , whenever you - . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) there is something that should be written , um , like ( ? ? ) and yeah . i\u00b4m fine with that . ( tomasz ) yeah , i\u00b4m for it , we can meet . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i think next week - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) i can mostly be at work , um - . i do n't know . this week i\u00b4m not sure , um - . yeah , but , yeah , next week should be mostly fine i guess . yeah , and david will be here sure , yeah , it should work . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , so it\u00b4s not true that , um , we are suff- , supposed to send a book to the reviewers next week ? ( rudolf ) well , probably we\u00b4re supposed to - . but - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but we\u00b4ll probably won\u00b4t . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s kind of my understanding as well , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , when i last talked to david last week , i\u00b4ve sort of , yeah , got the idea that like right now we\u00b4re not really written with the precise deadline although we should hurry up as much as possible of course . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) so i saw some comments in , um , in my chapters . ( rudolf ) right . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think that mostly concern like , so i probably fix writing and that\u00b4s it . unless- . ( rudolf ) yeah , i\u00b4ve seen it mostly david comments . but i think it\u00b4s mostly , yeah , like some - . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) improvements in the text , yeah . yeah . i didn\u00b4t , um , go throught it recently so , um , yeah . i , i looked at the comments from david and yeah , i don\u00b4t think i have any , anything to add or - . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) yeah , i can also see that , um , david also had some comments even for the real beginnings of the book like the - . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like if he want to dedicate it ( ? ? ) - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know . do you have some opinions on the dedication ? right now it\u00b4s to , um , albert hoffman who is just inventor of lsd . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i would probably remove that cause it 's like - . it gives an impression that this chemical substance helped us , us writing a book , which is not true . and - . ( rudolf ) yes . ( jind\u0159ich ) i have no who , no other idea who we should dedicate it to . ( rudolf ) like i think it\u00b4s not obligatory to have a dedication . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , i guess we can just remove it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we should come up with something . ( rudolf ) yeah , we still have the acknowledgement and the motto . yeah , i know tom\u00e1\u0161 - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) tom\u00e1\u0161 said he doesn\u00b4t like the motto but - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . we\u00b4re not talking about the performance anywhere in the book basically . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . and also this is fake quotation . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s - . i would say it\u00b4s not fake but rather kind of unconfirmed or - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like it is quite possible that he said something like that but um- . ( tomasz ) yeah , some people could you up- , upset with that reading the book . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s kind of specially people that we\u00b4re writing the book for . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . so , um , do we want to have a motto , do , do you have some - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sure , we want motto but - ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) better one . ( jind\u0159ich ) we want some but better one , yeah . ( rudolf ) ok , so we probably want to remove the dedication , motto we have right now and the competition is to invent something better . ok . yeah , then it use like david also suggest to have an introductory chapter like probably an introduction to the book or something and - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i quite like the preface as it is but - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but , but introducion usually contains all these practical informations . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i haven\u00b4t read it . like these are the parts i always skip and i find them kind of useless , um . so i wouldn\u00b4t add them there . i don\u00b4t know . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i kind of even hate it in the papers like in the paper were in the introduction usually say that ok , well we will introduce it and then described what we do and then present results and then conclude the paper and it\u00b4s like , yeah , what you expect anyway . um . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . it , i think it\u00b4s kind of relict from the journal papers if you have like 30 pages long paper it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s totally make sense if you have a short acl paper at 4 pages it\u00b4s like - . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . so ok , so this is kind of long so - . so yeah , we could have something like that . yeah , so like it , it\u00b4s something i can write but , um , yeah , if somebody put some bullets what to put there then i can turn it into text or - . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think the bullets are already there . ( rudolf ) ok and - yeah . do you think it should be like just the preface or that we should have a new chapter just for that ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t know . i would , i would sort of visually separate this , this like this , this motivation in the preface , perhaps start on the next page . i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ok . so i\u00b4ll take a note and i can , i can put something there but - . when , when i put it there then you will disagree with it and , and we will find on something to , to have there . ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( ? ? ) plan . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so where is the article i need . hm , hm , hm . ok , so i\u00b4m copying some ideas for a motto - . into the agenda document . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . being that can be understood is language . i don\u00b4t understand it . so ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) maybe , maybe we should - maybe it 'd be easier if you put it on slack so we can discuss it later or - . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( tomasz ) interesting . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . so - ( tomasz ) or is , is it just one ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) it 's one right now , i will - . i will find more but - . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way i have a next call in 10 minutes so - . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) discuss we should make that in , in 10 minutes . ( rudolf ) hm . well , no , i don\u00b4t have anything more . ( jind\u0159ich ) um- . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) me neither . ( tomasz ) me neither . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . um- . what about , what about chapter 4 ? is it , is it ready for proofreading ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh - . well , some parts are , some parts aren\u00b4t . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . and do we ha- , do we know anything about the reviewers or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok , i guess that\u00b4s it . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . yeah , see you . do we have meeting next week , yeah ? like usual time ? ( rudolf ) um- . i think so . the usual time is usually different time than ( ? ? ) time but - ( tomasz ) 11 i 'd say but - ( rudolf ) but yeah . it\u00b4s planned for the 28th 11 a.m. ( tomasz ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , which hasn\u00b4t happened for sometime like the - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i , i would be there . ( rudolf ) yeah . um- . yeah , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s fine with me so far unless something turns up . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way , rudo , um , the , the paper about mul- , multilingual bert already has 8 citations on , on google scholar . ( rudolf ) ah , cool . so it\u00b4s still on emnlp now or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , yes . ( rudolf ) yeah . so , cool . ok , that\u00b4s nice . you mean there are two versions of the paper on archive , right . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like there is the acl paper and then the emnlp paper ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , and one , one has 4 citations and the new , newer one has a 3 . ( rudolf ) cool . that\u00b4s nice . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and that was before i merged the items on my , my google scholar profile and , and then two other citations appeared . i don\u00b4t know which , which there . ( rudolf ) ok , interesting . so yeah , it sure seems that we don\u00b4t need to paper to be accepted anywhere because - . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s actual the , my , my first paper that , that got some citations before being published so i , i am not really sure about that . ( rudolf ) yeah . it\u00b4s to me kind of seems the review process is weird like they didn\u00b4t accept it but still people are interested in it and cite it so - . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but all the reviewers said a good point that , that there are plenty of important information missing and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and it should be written as a long paper than a short paper and - . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um . ( rudolf ) so maybe this means that it should be accepted for elmnlp so we\u00b4ll see . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . so have a good day and see you in sometime . ( rudolf ) too . see you . next week at the ( lane ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) bye . ( tomasz ) bye . ( rudolf ) bye .", "tgt": "made available in slack . embeddings have been redone to show the bands in the glove articles . the re-training has been done and the skip-gram shows much clearer bands than cbow . images are present in glove but not as per the original claim . the colour map was adapted therefore the numbers on the very high or very low end of the scale get squashed into the same colour . some differences occur between the original image and the re-worked version . suggestion was made for the embeddings to be evaluated . mikolov \u2019 s analogy task \u2013 understood in a sense that if embeddings don \u2019 t show any structure then they are not trained well . parts of the text were edited and comments were acknowledged by the individual authors of the text . some improvements still to be done to several chapters . visualisations to be added to the section of speech tagging . an uncertainty about terminology related to the model encoding of linguistic abstractions has been clarified . suggestion made to encode some features . to spot some features and map them to the extractions . it was deduced that if an analysis of abstractions is performed and similarity to syntactic is found , then it is not a feature but already as structure . clarification given on the principle of lstm / cell work in the framework environment . with different application via a layer over to the entire sequence and on the cell level to only one vector . concluded that the dimensions are not independent inside and the gates are not open for the every single dimension and that there are linear projections from the vector to the gate . more literature and data sources to be studied on this topic for better understanding i.e . belinkov \u2019 s recent acl paper . introductory chapter of the book to be written in a meaning of answering the question how does it happen than the neural network learns language so well ( coincidence , programming ) and why it should learn something like that . discussion on the level of text adaptation based on the linguistic knowledge of the book target readership . section on negation to be deleted as it forms part of behavioural analysis and not the structural analysis , which is the main focus of the book . pre-training task to be merged to one section only . a team member with excellent writing skill was called upon to give a hand with the book . current book dedication and motto to be deleted and replaced . book shall be potentially sent to the reviewers the week following this meeting but changes are slim . official deadline for book submission to the reviewers: unspecified , work on as soon as possible basis . no information known about the reviewers . next meeting will be 28-07-2020 at 11:00 pm cet"}
{"src": "( david ) i just realized that the , the speakers are - the left speaker is to the right . ok . so - ( tomasz ) is it a problem ? ( david ) is , is not the problem , the , the , but only that the righ- , right ( tester ) speakers like , eh - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , it is not a problem now but it mean like one to screen a film or something - ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) will be strange because the person will be walking across the street and the sound will going the other direction . ( david ) yeah . so this is , this is that - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m not sure it can be fixed maybe - ( tomasz ) so change it . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know how to change it but - ( tomasz ) because ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so there are , there are - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , you can fix it in the computer but really they should fix the cabels here . ( david ) so we are recording . jind\u0159ich is , has a meeting ( ? ? ) still probably . that\u00b4s right . so i hadn\u00b4t ( ? ? ) , i would like to write a meeting , um , for the start project . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) so you two and michal from ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) and so i will ( ? ? ) that you do submission . ( tomasz ) this week ? ( david ) yes . it should be this week and no matter where it from here or mal\u00e1 strana because we will anyway here ( ? ? ) , um , the skype call , phone call . because i think pavel , pavel ( ? ? ) he should meet in mal\u00e1 strana or you don\u00b4t mind to go to mal\u00e1 strana , tom\u00e1\u0161i ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t mind . i don\u00b4t mind . ( david ) yeah , but - i think we can - because this , this connection is very good so . only , only if monday they , maybe they don\u00b4t have very good microfones in mal\u00e1 strana . ( ? ? ) will not ( ? ? ) good . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know , but ... but on thursday and friday i officially have a vacation . ( david ) aha . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and i have something planned for thursday . i could do it on friday but - ( david ) yeah , i - yeah , it , it can be , it can be on monday or - because i , i told zden\u011bk , zden\u011bk ( ? ? ) deadline for this , for today . that we should , we should know who will be the main , main - ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) jind\u0159ich is not yet here ? ( david ) he\u00b4s not yet . ( rudolf ) employment ? ( david ) employment ? ( rudolf ) ( david ) ( rudolf ) part an employment ? ( david ) 50 % emloyment ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) part-time employment . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) precisely - ( david ) jind\u0159ich . you can get the ticket for when , um - yeah . hi , jind\u0159ich . ok . so let\u00b4s start . ( jind\u0159ich ) jo . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) ok . so what\u00b4s agenda for today . um , yeah , first i , i would like to thank rudolf , um , that he submitted the ( ? ? ) for tsd . um , then , um , i plan to write by official email to professor haji\u010d that we want to , that we want to have a book and publish a book and , um , in the instrucions on the web is that we should , we should send him a table of content at least . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or some version of our book . so at least we should have good looking table of content . so . ( rudolf ) table of content . ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) table of content . i will open it here . ( david ) so the version on the web like have you pulled and make - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . ( ? ? ) there\u00b4s some but any changes . ( david ) maybe i can share the ( ? ? ) with jind\u0159ich . um , share my screen . aha . there it is now . ( ? ? ) book . ok . can you see it jindra ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( david ) ok . so - ok , so background , deep learning ... i think the first , first chapter is ok . so will you , are you planning change something ? or this is definitive - ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t - ( david ) more or less ? ( jind\u0159ich ) unless , unless you find something ( outragebaly ) bad - i will change anything . ( david ) yeah . but i think it is , this is ready for professor haji\u010d so he can , he can start searching for reviewers or - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) i think so . this - so i don\u00b4t know where he , he want to search on his own or he will ask , he will want us to find someone . i will see but i , i would like to at least send him this , this writtened . maybe only the table of content or do - do you think we should send him all ? ( tomasz ) are we ( ? ? ) ? ( david ) it is - ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s not secret . ( david ) yes . ( rudolf ) and they\u00b4ll see we\u00b4ll have an idea like how quickly he has to find reviewers . ( david ) yes . ( ? ? ) he can , yeah . ( rudolf ) we can - i think we can send a whole thing and just ( talking ) it now . it\u00b4s ( called ) - ( david ) yeah . yeah . i , i can write it but it , the , the book is really not finished yet . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) notable models ... that and the others . yeah , only maybe , maybe in , in chapter 6 we should , we should change some of the sections like - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) to the hidden states to put in to previous section . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) or somewhere . i also have some visualisation - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) conclusion , conclusions . ( david ) yeah , conclusion , conclusions and conclusion of 6 , chapture 6 , um - ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s just lorem ipsum . ( david ) so , yeah , we still don\u00b4t know where it to restructured it somewhere to have only one chapture - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) like conclusion as a chapter or conclusion as a section only . ( rudolf ) only part or chapter ? ( david ) yeah . it\u00b4s part . yeah , conclusion is part . ( rudolf ) i think it can be a part . but maybe the parts have ( contain ) chaptures anyway . ( david ) yeah . it have to contained chaptures . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) or but the , not it\u00b4s like the main of miner , miner thing . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i think it should be clear from the , from the sections what , what is , what is there in the , in the , the book . ( jind\u0159ich ) and when exactly are planning to , to send it to professor haji\u010d ? ( david ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , when are you sending it to professor haji\u010d ? ( david ) um , i don\u00b4t know . after we have it , um , to improved it . so in like , i don\u00b4t know , in the next end , at the end of this week . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) so please , please write mind but it , i will send it or i , i will send you an email notification that i am sending it but please , um , improve your sections so that it - improved , improved . um , ok . so at the end we can , we can start discussing with , with professor haji\u010d what , what , who will be the reviewers and who , and so on . um , yes . um , since we have only two weeks on to the deadline but it\u00b4s not much . i don\u00b4t know when we - i would like to had a book more or less written on , at the end of june . i know . you d- do you have any holiday plans for , um , at the end of the june or ? ( rudolf ) at the end of the june ? not , not plans . nothing , nothing , nothing serious . ( tomasz ) no . ( rudolf ) maybe one day here or there . nothing yet . ( david ) so i would like you to focus everybody to only on the book b- , because them , then in a , in july i suppose will be many holidays or i don\u00b4t know . at least i will be , i will not be here in the first and the third week of july . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . about - ( david ) maybe we should , we should - sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way there\u00b4s a ( callish ) , there\u00b4s a ( callish ) ( ? ? ) calling deadline which is , which is on july the first . is anyone planning to submit anything to calling ? not , not , not me probably but i\u00b4m just asking . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) i don\u00b4t plan to submit anything i think . because i , i would like to submit the , the paper to pbml and the paper we haven\u00b4t , we sent to acl but then we , um , withdrawed because the reviewers said have you ( ? ? ) not very , very good and we haven\u00b4t managed to resubmit it to any other conference so maybe . but the , the results of that paper are not very , not very ( on much ) not very good . so i think it\u00b4s good paper for pbml either so i , i , i will rewrite the paper to pbml , there\u00b4s deadline at the end of june . ( rudolf ) here we go ( ? ? ) full of calendar for lsd right ? ( david ) we don\u00b4t . ( rudolf ) would be good to , good the , the holidays maybe somewhere so that we know who is when where . ( david ) we should have it on the , on the wiki . ( rudolf ) ah , that\u00b4s right . ( david ) so maybe at - it updated and at the wiki we will see . ( rudolf ) yes . ( david ) but for - so , um , for example who will be here in the second , second week in the , in july ? ( rudolf ) what do you mean by second week ? ( david ) second week is , aha - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well for 13\\ . to 19 . ? ( david ) i , i ment , i ment ) 13\\ . to 19 . because i will be here so just 13\\ . to 19 . ( rudolf ) 13\\ . to 19 . on 16 . i should be go away and be away for the rest of the week . so i should be here on the 13\\ . and 14 . at 13 . should be \u00fafal beer . ( david ) aha . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , so actually we\u00b4ll only be here on the 13 . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t . ( david ) and the week after ? 20\\ . to 26 . ? ( rudolf ) or tom\u00e1\u0161 you plan to be here ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t have any plans yet . i plan to be here at least till the 15\\ . for sure because then the , that\u00b4s the , the , the black box deadline . right . ( david ) 15th august . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) is it august ? why is in - ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i think it\u00b4s 15th august . or ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i think most of the deadlines shifted and nobody correct it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , like - yeah , somebody just like - ( rudolf ) sometimes it\u00b4s crossed out . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) cross out ) calling and didn\u00b4t write new date in - and then there\u00b4s black box in july . so black box is august ? ( david ) black box is august . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anyway doesn\u00b4t really matter i plan to be here anyway but , yeah , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s good because i want to send something and , and i haven\u00b4t written anything yet and i\u00b4m writing the book so - ( david ) yeah , i suppose that we , we will send some , some of the papers to black box because , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . so - ( david ) if it is not accepted to emn- , emnlp and ( ? ? ) our paper with tom\u00e1\u0161 be send to black box . if it is not accepted to emnlp . ( rudolf ) i will try to update the black box deadlines . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4m looking there , ok . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) anyway yeah . i plan to be here in july - ( david ) so - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and probably like half of august . maybe all of it . i don\u00b4t know . and i\u00b4m taking vacation this week from thursday to friday and next week on wednesday . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s it . ( david ) ok . so we can , we can have a meeting on july 13th , 14th . um , 15th . um , no . ( rudolf ) 13th , 14th . ( david ) 13th or 14th . maybe 13th because it\u00b4s - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) already . ( david ) yeah . so before the \u00fafal , \u00fafal beer i would , i would - ( rudolf ) yeah , so - ( david ) be the meeting . ( rudolf ) 13th ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , so let\u00b4s have a meeting . i will , i will write it - i will copy it here in , in this - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) document lsd sch\u016fzky . you can wri- yeah , because we don\u00b4t have a calen- , set calendar yet , so - ( rudolf ) hm . and the standard time ? so 11 or , or later ? ( david ) at the 9 or it depend be - at time ? 14 , p.m. ? after lunch ? ( rudolf ) yeah . for me later is better . ( david ) ok . so let\u00b4s set it on 14 . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) you talking is 13th . ( david ) 13th , um - ( rudolf ) july . ( david ) july . ( rudolf ) but do we have some meeting before that or ? ( david ) yeah . we will - i suppose we will have . i , i only- i only - i wanted to set meetings , um , the meeting in , in some time . in the middle of , um , july . then we could have a meeting on , um - i\u00b4ll be here the , like , um , one to the first , to 5th , um , i know . it\u00b4s june . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and what , what about a regular meetings on tuesdays ? ( ? ? ) the next , next tuesday and , and tuesday after it ? are those cancelled or ? ( david ) i , i suppose no . the next tuesday will , there will be the meetings . i , i want to set the meeting , um , like the holiday meetings . ( rudolf ) next two tuesdays are fine . ( david ) yeah . next two tuesdays there will be meetings . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . at 11 as usual ? ( david ) at 11 as usual . yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( rudolf ) and then , then will we - so the third , the next week of , of - so the first week of july there is no meeting or ? ( david ) um , the first week , um , the second - ( rudolf ) the second ? ( david ) um , the second - ( jind\u0159ich ) from 6th to 10th of july . ( david ) because - ( rudolf ) so 30th we\u00b4ll do have a meeting . ( david ) 30th we will do have a meeting and the next week i am not here . ( rudolf ) aha . and then 13th ( ? ? ) . ( david ) and then 13th , yeah . so we will have , um , meetings 30th , 31th and 13th . ( rudolf ) and 13th . ( david ) and then 13th . ( rudolf ) hm . so ( ? ? ) has a screen where is s meeting . ( david ) yeah . not , but not , not ( ? ? ) . it\u00b4s not only ( ? ? ) , it\u00b4s about july . then , all other ( ? ? ) are meetings . so - ( rudolf ) and then we don\u00b4t know yet . ( david ) i\u00b4m not sure when there are be here - yeah , you are - yeah , you are going to ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) but yeah . then , then on 13th i\u00b4ll be back . ( rudolf ) or you can always join like jind\u0159ich . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) if you at least somewhere online . ( david ) yeah . because - yeah . because for example the first or the second , second week i am not - ( tomasz ) yeah , but - ( david ) i am not - i will be offline to ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ok . ( david ) so i think - ( tomasz ) ok . 13th . 13th . ( david ) ok . so . ok , so we should set on , set , set new plan . so i , i - so jind\u0159ich , you , you plan to submit a paper to calling . so you have some work , um , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . um , i , i thought i will submit something but , but , but probably not . ( david ) ok . so - yeah . ( rudolf ) so there is calling deadline but nobody submit anything . ( jind\u0159ich ) it seems like that . ( david ) yeah . i don\u00b4t have nothing for , i should , i could submit so ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , it , it doesn\u00b4t , does not depend entirely on me but i think the results it that , that we have now won\u00b4t leads into something publishable in two weeks . so we\u00b4ll probably not submitting anything . ( david ) ok . so i suggest , um , we\u00b4ll finish the writing and the end of the june . or we have written it in some good shape . and ... and we will see . and we will have a meeting in the middle of june then . so , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) july . ( david ) july , july . july . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think we need to s- , or wh- , what , what\u00b4s actuall the dead- , deadline for ? i think we need several deadlines . one deadline for stopping adding new content , then second deadline for stopping adding comments to others content and the third deadline for having all recomments at rest or delete it . ( david ) so the first deadline the end of june would be stopping adding any contents , new contents . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . hm . ( david ) um , yeah , we , we can go then through the , through the , through the book and , and , um , everybody can say , what , what , what contents are still needed there . um , like new contents . and that we should go through everything , everybody and , um , comment everything . so this can be , um , discussed in the , in the middle of the july . and yeah , then we will , because , because , yeah . the official deadline for , for the book was the end of june but i think now that it\u00b4s , um , we will not make it so , um ... but i , i think that it can be postponed , um , like the , the - all the outcomes of this grat can be post- , postponed from , from the end of december to the end of january . so we have one month more . ( jind\u0159ich ) because of the corona crises or ? ( david ) not because of corona crises but i , i can ask when i , when i send the , um , the - the final report . um , i can ask , um , postpone like the , um , um , all the outcomes , all the , um , the check of our outcomes , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . alright . ( david ) the end of january . so i don\u00b4t know how long , um , will take , um , the , the reviews and all the , all the things which i plan for half of ye- , half of year . um , after the submission . maybe it will be faster , maybe not . but , um , anyway , um , i would like to submitted like officialy the end of july . because i don\u00b4t know but it can be postpone many more . maybe it can but i , i don\u00b4t like to like postpone it much because anyway if we postpone it we will not write so - ( jind\u0159ich ) sure . ( david ) so the first deadline . so i can write it somewhere . um ... so , um , june 30th , stop - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , actually it says here that we say i don\u00b4t know we have to prove it somehow or whatever that we weren\u00b4t able to - ( david ) yeah , i know . alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) according to plan we could move it for six months but - ( david ) yeah . this is , this is including the fin- , financing like including the money . ( rudolf ) so for some conferences that\u00b4ll happen in the first half of 2021 we could still use the money from the project ? ( david ) maybe it\u00b4s possible . but i don\u00b4t know when - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , we could deffinitely say that we were not able to attend conferences because they were cancelled . ( david ) yeah , we can say it . but i don\u00b4t know where it we can say we can not , we couldn\u00b4t write a book . ( rudolf ) hm . or we couldn\u00b4t have meetings essential . ( david ) yeah , but - yeah , but you know . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t know how ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know how they ( said ) that . yeah . you can ask . ( david ) i , i can ask . ( rudolf ) i we have leftover money so it would be away but - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) then again it would be better not to ask to early because then we would postpone the deadlines and - ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not do anything for 6 more months . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so maybe asking august or something . ( david ) yeah , i will ask on it really be critical . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , but anyway thi- , um , you can for , um , you didn\u00b4t , um , ( ? ? ) corona crises than we could , we could postpone it like , um , to the ( ? ? ) first , um , ( ? ? ) first on january like . so - but with- , without the financing so all the finances must be spend , um , so we have to pay for the , we would have to pay for book , um , like this year . but i don\u00b4t know of the - i will ask hanka , he - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) she will , she will know it . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but if we ask for the covid19 postpone then we could use the money . ( david ) yeah , we can use it later . yeah . but i don\u00b4t know yet . but i - ( rudolf ) but i don\u00b4t make sense to maybe like for the book we don\u00b4t need to shifted really . so for the book we did enough for the extension but for the conferences it would make sense to , to use it for some conferences next year . ( david ) yeah , but anyway i think we will - if we can , we will spend somehow mon- , the money this , um , this year . we will not need to like to postpone it . the spending . and if we have some new publication next year i think we will have some money from other sources so ... ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . ( david ) so yeah , i will , i will ask . hanka , hanka , hanka told me that she will study it and she will - ( rudolf ) um . ( david ) let me know . ( jind\u0159ich ) who is hanka by the way ? ( david ) hanka kubi\u0161tov\u00e1 . ( jind\u0159ich ) aha . ( david ) like ga\u010dr , ga\u010dr and ( ? ? ) lady . for , for , in \u00fafal . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . this isn\u00b4t lady that , that , that it\u00b4s , it , it , mrs . brd\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1\u00b4s room and nobody knows who she , who she is ? oh . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) or , or a demon . ( david ) and she is moving to tr\u00f3ja . or at least for ( ? ? ) spare ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) partial only . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) i think we will - yeah . um , what we have promised , all that paper we haved promised we will , we should have at the end of the , the end of this , this year . so we won\u00b4t have any problems with , um , with this . only thing is the book and , um , we have to spend all the money somehow . but i think we will make it somehow . ok , so the deadlines . um , june 30th stop adding new contents and ... so the , um , the next meeting would be july , no , no , no , no , no , july 13th . jind\u0159ich , what was the next step ? stop adding - ( jind\u0159ich ) um , stop ad- , stop adding comments . ( david ) comments . and do you think we , we will manage it in thr- , in 13 days ? ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , why not ? ( david ) cause we are on holidays ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) comments or comment . and ( ? ? ) . but the first ... book finished . that\u00b4s it . ok . so now maybe we can , we can go , um , um , each of us can say what was done the last week and what , what is your plan to do the next , next week . so i , maybe i can start . um , i was working on , um , i\u00b4m still working on the attention , um , attention metrices and different patterns . um , tomasz sent the , um , the visualisations of the bert metrices and types for the bert and i , i also know that if i , if - because i generated the , the metrices from , um , um , neural monkey , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) machine translation and the , like the heat maps where , where is ( share ) but i know if someone else generate something very similar the heat maps are don\u00b4t need to be as sharp as , as , um , of neural setting . so now i , i\u00b4m , i , i don\u00b4t know whether to , hm ... because it was some , it was some , um , if i don\u00b4t know what , in what it was but if you set something differentely , some parameter of , um , of the ( neural machine translation training then the heat maps - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) are that very , very different . so what we observed with ruda in our balustrades paper , um , these were very , very sharp . so the balustrades are really very sharp but , um , if , if , um , maybe the settings is , um , different , the , the balustrades are very , um , very , how to say it , not sharp . ( jind\u0159ich ) i- , it , that despite ( ? ? ) because i think that , that , that was like an exact for application of the attention is all you need paper . and we , we even got almost the same blue score . ( david ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and , and i think it was train on the same , same data set as you used . it was , it was english to german translation what you work with . wasn\u00b4t it ? ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) so . ( david ) so you think it\u00b4s - because what , what i , um , um , observed in helsinky but they didn\u00b4t use , um , they use , um , like , um , open nmt i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) and we , we was changing the parameters and finally we , we get the same , like the similar balustrades as , as , um , with neural monkey . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) but i know that there are many ( undersetting ) that they\u00b4re completely different , different balustrade but not , not balustrades but they are really , um , um , the balustrades are not as , not as visible as in our settings there . so , so now i don\u00b4t know because in my chapture just , i\u00b4m comparing the , um , nmt , nmt - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) visu- , um , nmt heat maps and bert heat maps and i know that some nmt heat maps are copletely different from balustrades . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) so i , i , um , i don\u00b4t know where it to , um , how to , how to write about it in the , in the text because i know that they are , um , very different . maybe i will - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . i\u00b4m , i\u00b4m not aware of , of any like major difference that , that might cause that . ( david ) i , i , i , i know that it was one parameter i don\u00b4t know , i don\u00b4t know which one but it was like layer something , um , not layer normalization , not was , ( ? ? ) similar but , um , yeah . so i , i don\u00b4t know where it to , where it to or lay it write ok . we tested this thing of , um , neural machine translation and we tested bad and beside the , beside the outcomes or we will to try more param- , changing the parameters and see different heat maps and , um , but it will be much more and more complicated how to , how to say something about that so ... ( jind\u0159ich ) well , you can just add the provenote commenting that , that it , it maybe an artifact of neural monkey because , because one ( ? ? ) the heat maps looks like the different . so i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i think it\u00b4s mostly comes frome like the concentration of the distribution because in third , third also something like balustrades so this like straight lines but still the ( ? ? ) is not so ( ? ? ) - ( david ) it\u00b4s not ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) it was ( ? ? ) . it was . yeah . there are also something like balustrades but as - yeah . not as - ( tomasz ) also i think colors really negative ( ? ? ) sometimes . yeah . they say used like blue on white , u- , you ( ? ? ) - on black then i see those - ( david ) yeah , but i - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i have also the blue or white or something - ( tomasz ) ok . ( david ) or white . it was , it was really different . but yeah . i , i will somehow - so that way i , i spent a lof of time on that chapture and on that section and i still have not finish it . because ... yeah . so , um , ok . so that was what i , i was working on last week . only and - yeah , i would like to , um , so i , maybe i will , i will go through my chapture and go , um , say what is needed to be , to be - what are the new content this , that are needed to be , um , added . um , right is , this is elmo , this is ruda\u00b4s elmo . oh , no , no , no . ( jind\u0159ich ) this is ruda\u00b4s elmo copied in the , um , in the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) this is - yeah . conclusion . why there is no table of content in this , um , ( ? ? ) ? ( rudolf ) i can download it and open it in something else . ( david ) you can . ok . so the first part of , um , section , um , of chapture 5 must be reviewed . i have many , still many jind\u0159ich\u00b4s comments there - and it should be rewrittened because , um , there are something that are , that should not be there and maybe , yeah , should be , that should be changed . then , um , so it , these other things about , about the , the , like attentions , the crosslingual attention and the ( ? ? ) of attentions . then i have , um , the section about self attentions and - so this is the categorization , it is almost done . on , i would like to , i would like to add , um , add the figures and i would like to add some , um , conclusions and some , um , tabels about , about proportions on different attentions , um , att- , attentions patterns . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) um , then i have a section about highly , um , the written that attention heads that mainly the paper from , of michael ( ? ? ) and vojta ( ? ? ) . so this is almost finished . um , then there will be , um , syntantic specific functions in attention heads . this will be written mainly by tomasz and he already - ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) has something for his papers . so he , he will share it somehow . or he will share it , um , copy to here . and also the inference of syntactic ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) hm , hm . ( david ) and , and then there should be the section about the interpretability , um , when it is really inter- , interpretable or not the attentions . and this is almost - right , the contents are there almost but it must be rewritten and i don\u00b4t know what , um , how much details to give there because i have some tabels there but they maybe , maybe they are not needed , maybe i will shorten it because there are many details about , about the , about the papers . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , would say the less details the better . ( david ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) the less details the better . ( david ) you would say - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . if you , if you can concentrate the main message without , without details that , that\u00b4s what we ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . it is - yeah . it really went better . so . yeah . i took it to , um , yeah . there are many , many details at - yeah , maybe it , it\u00b4s better - because anyway now the , now the , um , the book now is 130 pages something . and we still don\u00b4t have anything , um , um - we still don\u00b4t have - not anything . everything , sure . so i think it\u00b4s better we don\u00b4t write it like 158 , right , it\u00b4s ok for a book . so and i don\u00b4t know how much content is still missing for the other chaptures but , um , i think for my chapture it\u00b4s now 20 pages long and i think it will have maybe a bit more but not much . ok , so let\u00b4s , let\u00b4s go to tom\u00e1\u0161 . yeah , tom\u00e1\u0161 can you go ? yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i\u00b4ve written a few paragraphs . it\u00b4s the most i\u00b4ve written since i started till this week . so i don\u00b4t know the last week and further . and i think it\u00b4s almost ready to be read . but not quite . anyway - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and trying to write as much as possible ( bevaulded ) necessarily making much sense - um , s- , so that i have something that somebody can comment and we can work on it because otherwise i would be crafting perfect paragraphs , um , add the , no , add the parade of maybe one a week , maybe one in two weeks and that\u00b4s unusable so this is also unusable but you can comment on it and will see you where that leads . anyway during working on this i , i came to the conclusion that this chapture really , the , the old idea of having a story is not really doable for me because i don\u00b4t know that much of the history and i would have to spend another half a year reading things . so i think i would concentrated on visualisations of embeddings and comparing visualisations of different embeddings inside that because all the papers there\u00b4s always this interesting visualisation but then not , no other paper does the same thing . for example there\u00b4s the , there are the ( ? ? ) in the glove , um , glove vectors and they say that the same structure can , is , that can be seen in , in other similar vectors as well . but i haven\u00b4t seen it done for word2vec anything so - also that can be like the ( man ) of the contributions of this book that i will - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i didn\u00b4t understand . ( jind\u0159ich ) that it shouldn\u00b4t be too difficult to do visualisations . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . it will not be difficult and they will take up a lot of space so - um - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so i think that\u00b4s a way to go . and also i don\u00b4t think i will be writing very much about , um , the generative , the new generative language models because like they are based on subwords and the embeddings are not interesting any more and i haven\u00b4t seen any papers conserned with embeddings in these models because it\u00b4s more interesting to looking to the attention heads and things like that . so i think if we are to speak about these models which i don\u00b4t think we have to because they are so recent that we can just - ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) say that you know . they came up while we were writing the book and we can just ignore them or you could put them in one your chaptures possibly . but i think i\u00b4ll just mention them and , and won\u00b4t really go into it . so that\u00b4s i\u00b4m the - that\u00b4s the overview of where my chapture is going and i have a few questions about data but i think it will be easier to if i just write them on slack and we will discuss it there because i have tu run anyway . ( david ) ok , so - yeah . so what , what content is missing or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) what content is missing ? well , i think i - up to component analysis it\u00b4s almost there but yeah , ok . maybe don\u00b4t ... 4.3 is more or less commentable . 4.3.1 and 4.3.2 still need some work . 4.4 that\u00b4s m- , mostly copied from elsewhere and i\u00b4m to go for it once again and then 4.5 will be just a note so it will dissapear . then i\u00b4m ( one ) to write something on debiassing and the summary and that\u00b4s it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and i ment - and then like lot of the visualisation what i want to do are missing and that\u00b4s why i want to talk about the data and what data should i do the visualisations on but i think it will be better to let done discussion to slack . ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) it , it , it\u00b4s seem to be there so quiet ( to bake overleap ) or , um , i quick what , what , what , what is ( ? ? ) . um , with , with section 2.1 that i , that i\u00b4ve written . that explains how word2vec is trained but it should be fine i guess . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i , i , i will , i will looking to that and possibly delete some of mine - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) chapture and just , um , you know side your chapture . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . um , by the way it was chapture 4. does anyone feel responsible for chapture 3 ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i do . i will write it someday . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) so what\u00b4s there ? um ... hidden states . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i mean if , if chapture 3 is , is an interpretation . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so i\u00b4m planning to go through at least the first two , um , articles mentioned in the 3.0.1 . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and include what\u00b4s mentioned in 3.0.2 and then rewrite it to , yeah , to make sense . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) how to , how to have zero , zero section ? ( rudolf ) yeah . if you don\u00b4t put section , you just put subsection then it\u00b4s in the zero section . ( david ) aha . aha . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , but - ( david ) so i can not make ze- , zero , 3 zero zero . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) these sections will not be there because they\u00b4re just to do lists . ( david ) ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , you ( ? ? ) really can you if you set manually the section counter to minus one and , and then at a section it , it will probably get zero . ( david ) ok . good to know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and then you can always you know , it\u00b4s just tech . so you can redefined the numbers and ... or you can just write the macro dat rewrites everyone to zero and , and ... ( rudolf ) then it will be fun to read . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . anyway i have to run so ... ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sorry about that and ... ( david ) so - so ruda ? ( rudolf ) yeah , i can , i can share my screen so that - ( david ) yeah , it will be better . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so - ( rudolf ) so if you , if you switch the pexip , do you see now my screen ? yeah , thanks . ok . um , so , um , so i , i\u00b4m restruct- , restructer the section so now what should be definitely readeble is like the structure . so the things that are there should stay where they are already and i , i need to add more , um , things somewhere . um , so for the introduction , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) bye . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , rudo , by the struc- by the structure you mean , um , you mean the titles of the sections and subsections , alright ? ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . title of sections and basicly the things that are there mostly should stay there or be made shorter maybe or rewritten a bit but kind of the contents that\u00b4s there should be mostly there . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) and there is something missing which are not there yet . so the - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) introduction , i have to change the whole thing basicaly because it\u00b4s just some left overstuff from the previous introduction which rely it on some stuff we removed to other chaptures so it doesn\u00b4t make much sense now . um - um , so i plan to change it but generally the introduction should say that , yeah , we have these hidden states and these contextual embeddings and they\u00b4re kind of the same thing . so we will talk about them and , and what\u00b4s hidden in them . and so then , um , the main thing is the section 6.2. um , so this should be kind of the main content of the chapture should be this , this section . um , so the plan is that it should contain , um , it should be ( particiant ) to , to several subsections mostly the ones that are there already probably . um , so somewhere i just need to say that\u00b4s ok there are these different models and some are better than other and some capture more syntax than other and so on . so either the beggining or at the end of the section . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way who is better , is , is , is a very bad title of the section . ( rudolf ) yeah , um , yeah . probably the title should be rewrittened . so , um , but the contents it\u00b4s generally what should be there just written more nicely . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) and then it went to go over the individual linguistic abstractions and see how they are captured . so i should probably beging with morfology and right now there are some parts moved from other parts of the text so it\u00b4s not very cohered , um - but in general this is what should be there and , um , there are some more words that are not there yet which i plan to add . um , but these ones they should probably be there , um , in some form . yeah , as we said so now it\u00b4s structured according to the individual papers so this paper found this , this paper found that . um , this is something we want to change so i plan to , um , just say what\u00b4s true and then just say who find it . so , so kind of ( ? ? ) the other way around . but it\u00b4s basically just reorganizing the information that\u00b4s already there . um ... and for syntax i deffinitely need to add something more but there is already quite a lot of syntax actually . um , how do i make it some reasonable size ? um , so , um , yeah , it\u00b4s a same thing so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um , things from different parts of the chapture now moved together to once syntax section and - yeah , i think i missing still some of the key , um , papers that\u00b4s find syntax in there and i had some , some to do lists , um , later but , um , this is what i plan to . um , so i plan to add something more and i plan to kind of shorten actually the things that are here , um , and again restructure it . so that is says what is there not , not the structure of the papers . and then the rest it\u00b4s - yeah , i\u00b4m not really sure about the division here so i have a section which is now called semantics , um , and i\u00b4m really not absolutely sure which things belong into semantics . um , so i have something there which i found , which i believe are semantics but i would be happy to take some suggestions like , ok , this is not surely the semantics , this is something else , i don\u00b4t know . and it\u00b4s possible that i\u00b4m still missing some papers which also look as some semantics stuff . i don\u00b4t know if i have the semantic roles there . i think so but i can\u00b4t see it know . ah , yeah , yeah . something is there , maybe there is something missing ( ? ? ) . ( david ) did you write this or ? i , i see only word senses and - ( rudolf ) yeah , this is the - ok . um , yeah . you have the jind\u0159ich\u00b4s face there , so you don\u00b4t see the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) aha . ( rudolf ) the , um , ( ? ? ) of the ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok , i don\u00b4t know . sorry . ( rudolf ) so this thing , yeah . um , so , um , i don\u00b4t know for example there is , um , work on noun gender - ( jind\u0159ich ) noun gender is probably lexical semantics . ( vinogrod\u00b4s schemas ) are probably pragmatics or maybe event what linguists call this course , i\u00b4m not sure . ( rudolf ) but the paper i read talk about it as semantics but i don\u00b4t know . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but , but coreference resolution is , is part of the discourse theory in prague . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , well the , the point was that to result the coreference in the ( vinograd ) test you really need and actually to understand the meaning of the words kind of - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so in this thay said it tests semantics even though the ( that ) itself is probably not semantic , um . yeah , i , i\u00b4m , i was thinking ( where do ) you really try to say which is semantics or literaly to have multiples smaller subsections and just say coreference and - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) i , i , i wish i ( ? ? ) better . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s probably safer . ( david ) it\u00b4s safer - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because , yeah . someone can not like it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , someone would say , all this is not semantic , this is something else . ( rudolf ) i think you know cause - ( david ) yeah , yeah . it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) it\u00b4s hard to ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) everyone is ( ? ? ) but it\u00b4s safer . ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s safer . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i , i have a discussion with tomasz ( ? ? ) parter speach are the syntax or morfology . ( rudolf ) oh . ( david ) so it\u00b4s - ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . so , so the same could be done for syntax that i\u00b4m just saying syntax but there is constituents in syntax , the labels , the structure , again dependencies where is the structure or the labels or just distancies in the trees so i could ( splattered ) in to multiple smaller sections . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) because now it\u00b4s just one huge section anyway so - ( david ) yeah . i think - yeah . it , it - because anyway that , that would be like 3 sections like only morfology - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) syntax , semantics . so it , it\u00b4s better you can , you - ( rudolf ) yeah . ok . so then yeah . so i , i\u00b4ll ( resplit ) it , it work . ( david ) any- , anyone know what are the , the smaller , the smaller sections so - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) i think it could be better for , for reading . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) as well . ( rudolf ) so i now have some break senses and i forgot what\u00b4s the paper\u00b4s true . oh , yeah , so , um , these policy must works . so , um , again now i would say , yeah . but keep it as a separate subsection . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) um , just it\u00b4s typic problem . and that\u00b4s all for the , the , um , the abstractions that people look for kind of . um , or at least what i have covered now . maybe i will find something else which will get its own subsection but , um , more or less this , this is what i think will be there and , um , then there a few more . so , um , one is which is which layers . um , um , i don\u00b4t want ( own ) destiny . um , so that\u00b4s , um , again different view so that i ( have no ) morfology . usually the first layers and then syntax is the deep layer , deeper layers or can so on . so , um , right now it\u00b4s a lot of , um , paragraphs , small paragraphs moved from else where , um , so i should get a bigger picture on that and put it here . um , then there is another thing , um , where they look at , um , to which , um , the , the context section so the question is whether it really , um , captures some abstractions or whether it only captures word identity plus context , um , which is an interesting question . um , and it seems , yeah , the ( ? ? ) just the context but the ( ? ? ) stand it does to some high level abstractions really so i find it interesting so i think we should have a section on that . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) um , it doesn\u00b4t really fit to linguistic abstractions before so i moved it here now . and then ... yeah , then the last thing i really have is the effect of pretrained task . this probably should be larger and now i have just one work and there is deffinitely more works that looked ok . you should retraining for language modeling usually but maybe something else for different usage so , um , i haven\u00b4t read much about that so , um , um , but i think it belongs - i don\u00b4t know , um , i think it belongs here because i mean like the effect on what the representations capture after that , um ... yeah , um , so i think this should be like maybe two pages and now it\u00b4s one paragraph . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudof ) i don\u00b4t know . um ... ( tomasz ) i have some visuali- , visualisation but - ( rudolf ) aha ? so um , yeah , so i think whenewer you have something that fits into something here , feel free to put it there - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) cause it\u00b4s a mess anyway so - ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) you won\u00b4t make it worse deffinitely and hopefully - you will make it better . and , um , then , yeah , there is some list of papers that i want to cover and i have not covered yet , um , mostly . um , maybe i won\u00b4t cover all of them but , um , maybe some are missing . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) but , um , yeah . ( david ) so all these sections will be cancelled ? you a- , all - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . this is just like to do - ( david ) so now o- , only ( ? ? ) paper ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) mention to do list . yeah . ( david ) it\u00b4s some of the previous , um , sections . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . and something we found still missing is multilinguality . um , i think we talk to what it last time . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) um , that\u00b4s we want to cover it\u00b4s somehow , somewhere and i really haven\u00b4t written anything about it and i don\u00b4t even know if it should fit into this chapture or if it should be a separate chapture and i don\u00b4t know what we actually want to write about it . so the only know this from jindra that we want to put the , um , the multilinguality paper that we submitted to - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) where did we submitted ? i don\u00b4t know . it\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) the emnlp . ( david ) emnlp . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . so , so we want to report on it somewhere . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so i don\u00b4t have actually any specific plans on that . ( david ) you , you would like to reports also the some information from tsd paper you submitted . ( rudolf ) um , um , from this one . um ... maybe , um . ( david ) but definitelly that you ( ? ? ) , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( david ) it should be there . ( rudolf ) so , um , so i don\u00b4t know if , if anybody , um , wants to take over this section , i , i would be glad but ... i don\u00b4t know if jindra can do this or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm ... probably not , i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t even know if you want tu put it into this chapture cause , um , in some way - ( jind\u0159ich ) i think we - i think we do because it\u00b4s about , it\u00b4s about the hidden states of multilingual bert . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s right . ( david ) it\u00b4s - yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . so i don\u00b4t know to what extend we can just copy paste our paper here ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm ... i don\u00b4t know . but ... ( david ) i don\u00b4t know either . i can ask . i can ask ( ? ? ) and i will write him like the official - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) we can like for example copy the sections - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) or like the paragraphs for example from our papers or not . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) if it is ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . but i think we don\u00b4t want to copy all the , the paper what , what plan ( ? ? ) details . we , we just - ( david ) yeah . first , yeah . we should , we should have some abstract . ( rudolf ) yeah , maybe we can ( ? ? ) technical details . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) and put there the nice thing . ( david ) but anyway - ( rudolf ) images and some - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) it\u00b4s for the , it , the part of the introduction - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we could , we could copy . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) and like the related work from the paper is actually what we kind of want to put here anyway cause - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s , um , that\u00b4s what want to have here like no ( long ) the other paper but also other works . ( jind\u0159ich ) um - ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s basically what we did for the related work in that paper . so , um , yeah , like it\u00b4s kind of ( self like hierism ) but , um - i don\u00b4t know if it matters . um - ( david ) i can a- , i can ask . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) professor haji\u010d . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , first , the first chapture is , is , is , is taken from my , from my disertation . ( david ) yeah , th- , that\u00b4s right . but that , that\u00b4s disertation . it\u00b4s something else than , than the regular papers but anything , anyway i shouldn\u00b4t ( ? ? ) not , no problem . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i can ask . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . and i guess , yeah , that\u00b4s it , so i think we just removed the sentence level representations we decide nobody knows it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . hm . ( rudolf ) so , um , yeah , i guess that , that\u00b4s for me . so , um ... so it\u00b4s now in a stage where it should be reasonably ease to , to add the missing information there and , and organize it into readable way and , yeah . ( david ) so , please , first organize the , the , the sections so that i can , i can send it to haji\u010d . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , add these to table of content - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) at least it looks somehow reasonable . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and , yeah . i would like to send it maybe on thursday so ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) tommorrow is the theatre - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) day . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) how , how prioritize that . ( david ) ok , it\u00b4s great . so maybe , maybe tomasz can say what , what he\u00b4s , what he\u00b4s , what is he doing , so that jind\u0159ich know . ( tomasz ) yeah . so , um , i\u00b4m writing now survey mostly about , um , syntax in , um , neural networks . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) so using ( ? ? ) network and then probing it to find some syntacting information . um , so , yeah , the initial part is submitted to itad and - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) i submitted abstracts and next week i should have it ready so . ( david ) yeah . but i don\u00b4t really , i don\u00b4t send it to itad - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because maybe - ( tomasz ) yeah and it\u00b4s also there , i don\u00b4t know if ( ? ? ) accept like this kind of - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) overviews . ( david ) yeah . they will accept it . so that , yeah . ( rudolf ) i think they accept anything . ( david ) they accept anything , yeah . yeah , maybe - ( tomasz ) i can also show you like the survey visualisation for that so - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yeah , maybe i can , i can , i can share it , i have it here . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) quite , quite ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i can share , um , share ... ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) yeah , there\u00b4s quite small . um ... ( david ) i can download it and ( ? ? ) pictures . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) but i don\u00b4t know what i can that ( ? ? ) it in , in overleaf . ( rudolf ) you can hide the left . ( david ) yeah , i can , i can . ( tomasz ) oh , yeah . thanks . oh , yeah . um , so , so it\u00b4s mostly a thing what\u00b4s also ruda was talking about comparison of different papers , um , so i\u00b4ve done 4 comparisons and those are on that task of predicting parter speech , um , ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) because ( ? ? ) most common i found in the most numberes papers that we , in like many ( typer ) categorizations . um , and i compared , um , 4 pairs of approchaes ruda\u00b4s , 4 pairs of settings so , so if one categories probing of rnn hidden state vs . static for embeddings so it could be the , um , it could be glove or , or word2vec . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) um , so like the main idea of this is that each dot corespond to , to one pair of results from one paper , um , it\u00b4s hard to compare like dots between themselves bec- , because , um , like different paper use different , different types of data and think different precausing things and many different things . but so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , um , it\u00b4s , um , possible to do a comparison between like two different , um , underlining systems . so , so word embeddings and , um , um , recurent neura- , neural networks . um , so , yeah , so this is like here everything from recurent neural networks so is better then more the embeddings which is not that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s ( really ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) um , not a surprise this transformer whitch is also higher with also i\u00b4ve done , um , comparison next for rides , um , thoughts , um , by the type of , um , pretraining task . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so mosty language models and machine translation . and next sheet older results are from rnns . i haven\u00b4t found anything when the compare transformers in one paper but there is like rnns . um , but , yeah , there , there is the paper that said that , that machine translation is really better then , then language model , um , and - no , language model is better then machine translation , um , but i , i couldn\u00b4t like really safe from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) like from this paper - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) it was , was , it was ( ? ? ) but it\u00b4s like different comparisons plus different s- , mostly it can from the accept that language model had more data for pretraining . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) then , then - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tomasz ) machine translation . yeah and also machine translation vs . ( out ) encoders and here were machine translation definitelly better and - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) so there are quite not , not that ( ? ? ) to , to have the , um , have the , these parter speech ( ? ? ) in them like mostly because , um , the , the task is very simple just a translate from lan- , one language to the same language so it ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) something personned lab and , but it\u00b4s not really in ( ? ? ) the parter speech . ( david ) i think these figures could be included in , into our - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because you are , you are - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) writing about , about belinnkov\u00b4s . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) these , these papers so - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) it could be , could be - ( rudolf ) yeah , i think it would be nice to , to include this . yeah . ( tomasz ) so , um , yeah , so , um - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . yeah . yeah , yeah , yeah . i think all of that would , would fit nicely . ( tomasz ) so this is all for a parter speech . ( david ) this is , these are only for parter speech ( ? ? ) because , yeah . most of the papers are about probing for parter speech ( next ) so . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . i , i would like to have , to have it there , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . it seems nice . ( tomasz ) i , i also plan now to do some visualisation about transformers . um , yeah , i would lot of david about those . so mostly about like the layer . whi- , which are the layers are the better - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) that we compare like different , different , also different ( ? ? ) probing part , different arch- , architecture . this here - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s like on layer like usually that\u00b4s like middle layer are better or ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . yeah , yeah . um , that would be also nice . yeah . so , yeah . like i\u00b4m not very good at visualisations . i\u00b4m fine with writing the text but - um - ( david ) because some probing is , isn\u00b4t there are not as many visualisation - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) as for , for the , these - ( rudolf ) yeah , but , but these , these are good . ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , these are good . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . we should also make sure that all the visualisations look at least similar . ( david ) yeah , yeah . yeah . yeah , so that is , they\u00b4re for , for , yeah , my attention ( ? ? ) it is there are already different . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . so i have to , i have to regenerate and , and , and everything all in the same colors - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and font and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and ... ( jind\u0159ich ) if you , um , if you spending time with that i would , i would suggest , um , generating them as in , in , as pgf so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s basically in , in tix and - ( david ) pgf ? ( jind\u0159ich ) pgf . it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s basically tix with , with some macros and - ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i , i ( ? ? ) it will be the last thing i will , i will do ab- , i will first had them somehow - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) in some shape , um , there . and if , if the text is ok , i will regenerate then , um , the format - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) at the , at the end because ( ? ? ) - ( jind\u0159ich ) if you , if you have a look - if you have a look in deep learning images shlash , um , ( ? ? ) , underscore , encoding , um , you can , you\u00b4ll see how to , how to set up , um , the latex format . i\u00b4ve been in - ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) in , in our , in our depository . ( david ) aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) i , i , i have one image like this . ( david ) you mean on github ? ( jind\u0159ich ) that\u00b4s - ( rudolf ) in the book depositary . right ? ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , in , in , in a book depositary . ( david ) deep learning , img . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( rudolf ) you can see ( ? ? ) is encoding pgf ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but i meant the , the , the python script that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) that generate that . ( po ) is ( ? ? ) , yeah , this one . ( david ) this one . ( jind\u0159ich ) and you , you d- , do what i , what i do at the top would , um , after , um , after imploting matplotlib and then you just save it with , with pgf . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and ending and everything is generated in latex . ( david ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) so you then just do input in latex and latex would take care about all the forms that would be the same as , as in the rest in the book . ( david ) yeah , i figured it . so i , yeah , so i will update my , my script into my script . ( rudolf ) yeah . good . ( david ) yeah , right . so anything else ? anyone ? ok , so thank you . so see you next week and - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) um , yeah , we should , we should discuss everything like , um , it\u00b4s like during , during the weeks that we did it . and so , ok , so we have like only - yeah , we have only , yeah , yeah . we have just two weeks . ok . so ... so bye , bye jind\u0159ich and see you later . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . bye . have a good day . ( tomasz ) bye . ( david ) disconnect jind\u0159ich .", "tgt": "david plan write an email to professor haji\u010d about publishing the book . discussed what was written by everybody and what is still missing . set new deadlines for stopping adding new content , stopping adding comments to others content and for having all recomments at rest or delete it . set dates for next meetings . the pictures in the book should be similar and how to do it ."}
{"src": "( david ) ok . so welcome , i told tomasz so that in- , include , join our , um , lsd , um , project , um , because currently he is working on survey about , um , about getting sim card , ( ? ? ) sim card , eh , from transformers , from ( ? ? ) neural network so this , um , this is connected our book . so maybe you could , you could participated our boot , um , as , book as well . and maybe you , you could write some this , some of the sections , i think . and these one section is i- , you could write the- , these one section for , for my attentions and he can , he can talk with ruda so that he could , you could have in this , because he is working , um , he i- , he\u00b4s survey , survey would be about , um , the probing , um , the syntactic probing of hewitt , manning and ( ? ? ) papers . so maybe , um , you could invite him as well to the , to write in the book . and at least you should , you could read , read the book and criticised our book and tell us what is missing and what is , um , is on . so i , if , if you agree so i would , i would , i would end . ( jindra ) cool . ( david ) ok . so , so let\u00b4s go on agenda . first we have accepted paper to sd , to tsd . um , so i , i read the reviews . they are very good . unlike two , two reviews are like the default rewievs . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) that one review is like only one . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and , so , um , where is the deadline for , for nlpd ? ( rudolf ) um , friday . ( david ) this friday ? ( rudolf ) oh , no , next monday . next . i thought , yeah . like we have to do it this week anyway about . ok . is june 15th . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) june 15th . yes , it\u00b4s monday . ( david ) that\u00b4s someone from us need to be registred there . ( rudolf ) yes . and somebody from us just to be registred . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . it is online ? the conference that or ? ( rudolf ) um , this say that the default is online and they will see if there will be some real participation as well or not . ( david ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in brno . ( david ) yes , if it is in brno . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) so yes . so someone should , um , registred . someone of you two . ( rudolf ) yes . i don\u00b4t no if has student discounts . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they do . unfortunately . so if you want to side money - i will ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) money on , on our ( ? ? ) . so if ruda wants to go to brno ? ( rudolf ) says , we want participation expected as default . and they say , as the situation this september can not be easily predicted , they have decided to choose virtual as the default option . bla , bla , bla , bla , bla . semi-virtual organization will be considered but as an optional addont . so probably will be on the virtual . um , yes , i can register . ( david ) ok . so you , you , you are registered , all right . ( rudolf ) you know , how it works ? like to be payed by card it or transfer or ? ( david ) um , last year for tsd you say , should write to mrs . ( bedi\u010dkov\u00e1 ) and you should wait like for whole \u00fafal once . ( rudolf ) ok . full participant , ( ? ? ) participation is 5000 czk . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( rudolf ) also ( ? ? ) for conference , that doesn\u00b4t ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , interesting . last year it cost 10000 and it was in slovenia with - conference dinner and conference trip to the seaside so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that doesn\u00b4t really seem propotional . ( rudolf ) and when i was on tsd , the lunch is there also covered ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) lunch is covered . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) lunch was last year too . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) and sees the exclusion to the , to the present were very active . ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t no , what is in brno . ( david ) starobrno . ( rudolf ) ok . so i will try to register today and should be soon enough . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . and should we set up meeting between you and we or you and me and david to athers the rewievs ? ( david ) yeah , maybe we can . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . do you want to take part ? ( david ) yeah , i can take part . and we , we can do it , nothing to ( ? ? ) today afternoon or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( rudolf ) today i have one more meeting and i have to prepare for it . or , yeah , ( ? ? ) too long should 1 p.m. and i have a call at 4 p.m. i think , i should prepare for it . ( david ) ok , so we can do it like the other - ( rudolf ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) tomorrow ? ( david ) at tomorrow ? ( rudolf ) are you tomorrow here ? ( david ) i am going with jindra to mal\u00e1 strana . ( rudolf ) and then here - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) then , then i have dovolen\u00e1 . what it say dovolen\u00e1 in english ? ( rudolf ) holiday . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) holiday . ok . anyway , holiday tomorrow and the day after tomorrow but i\u00b4m incomming the day after tomorrow . ( rudolf ) i have holiday on friday . ( david ) aha . and also is they , i have meeting with zden\u011bk . but it\u00b4s not , it\u00b4s , yeah , it\u00b4s in the afternoon so if , if you can on morning ? ( rudolf ) we can just with on monday . ( david ) before , before lunch . ( ? ? ) monday . ( rudolf ) there , there we will have to ( ? ? ) much about the paper and - ( david ) yeah , i think there , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , only - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) monday seems ok . ( david ) ok , monday . ( rudolf ) i have no holiday and - ( david ) maybe on , ne , on monday i am not here . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) i can to go to - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) to the ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ok . so there is no good option . um , to we can too do it today . and i can just , yeah , be unprepared for the meeting as usual . ( david ) i think it will be fast . so today after , after that . ( rudolf ) so after ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , after lunch . ( rudolf ) yeah . this is , you\u00b4re saying lunch or lonch ? ( david ) after lunch . ( rudolf ) cause after the lunch there should be the official whatever . ( david ) ah , the official ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t now . yeah , we don\u00b4t really now what it will be like . ( david ) yeah . how will ( ? ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so let\u00b4s do it to go there . ( rudolf ) we told need to , we don\u00b4t now is we reload to . we don\u00b4t now what\u00b4s going to happen there . so we will just wait and see what happens . if there is free food and we can go ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok , so let\u00b4s meet in afternoon today . seems this ist . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we have waited to weekend just decided who will ( ? ? ) what away . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we don\u00b4t have to write it right now . ( david ) jo , jo , jo . yeah , it only go trough the , go trough the rewievs and decide what , what , what is new to ( ? ? ) . jo . ok . yeah . the next point - ok , so that tomasz could have ( ? ? ) section in the book , in our book . so , um , maybe i , i can talk it about , about section o attentions and maybe we , we can talk it trough . i want to somehow , we can talk and maybe you , you , you do give tomasz as well . um , yesterday ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) um , yeah like about , um , his paper and i could ( ? ? ) some papers ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , before starting talking about the book , um , um , ok , when the - because the paper was to tsd was accepted so we also all what we have promised for the ga\u010dr we almost have . what is missing is the book and one long paper , um , but , um , yeah , it can be a pbml paper , vision deadline july 1st . it , um , so the next month . ( rudolf ) yeah , it will be problem with writing of pbml paper but it not really related to , um , lsd . ( david ) yeah , i , i have one more paper whitch was not accepted to acl , um , i , i was working on that in helsinky and , um , the results are not , um , not very good so maybe i could , i could , i could , um , push it to , push the paper to the , to the pmb- , pbml so that\u00b4s , it\u00b4s somewhere . it could be black box paper as well , so yeah , i , i will decide and i will talk to , with ( ? ? ) on helsinky ( ? ? ) , they would like to have this paper in , in pbml . and because , yeah , we , we need one , one more jurnal paper so if we have nothing and ... ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) is , is deadline the last , deadline - ( david ) the next deadline is , the deadlines are in the , um , two , two jurnals ( ? ? ) and one dedline as on like january and the other is june . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes , so this is , this is the last one . ( david ) july . so in this year this is the last one . so that it is , so that is it . ( rudolf ) and itad doesn\u00b4t count or ? ( david ) itad , the , i promised three - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , three papers on big confe- , conferences or type d , which is , um , itad or tsd or this which is indexed by skopus or tomson . ( rudolf ) so this is already - ( david ) this is already done because we have one paper from itad and other from tsd and now that this one is , yeah . for tsd as well . yeah , so we have three , three papers type d , we have no papers so far like ( npcl ) or ( emnlp ) . so maybe we will have but we don\u00b4t know yeat but - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , this three conference papers are already , we already have . and i promise two jurnal paper and now we have only one so far so ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but , but i think that the , the paper , the helsinky paper could , could go there to the ( ? ? ) so , so problem we can , we can do it to archive and pbml so that someone can read it . ok , so now the book . so maybe we can , everyone can say what , what was done the last week . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well i started working yesterday and i , i only written one paragraph and half which i haven\u00b4t pushed yet , so it\u00b4s not there . but i\u00b4m really starting to getting to it and also i am done with teaching this semester so i will just work on the book from nowone so - ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so i was mostly over- , overnight i was mostly like getting back to what\u00b4s where and what i , i need organize things . but i started writing and i expect there to be more written today and on thursday and definitely on friday . ( david ) hm . ok , so , so ruda , um - ( rudolf ) yeah , um , so - ( david ) ( ? ? ) structure . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i managed to , to start working so maybe the mainly i was doing what tom\u00e1\u0161 was doing so getting back to work but , um , i , i was restructuring the , the chapter so it\u00b4s lot of mess , um , but i started adding some information from some papers that , that was , was not there yet . so i added , i don\u00b4t now like one or two pages . ( david ) you mean in , in the section six or chapture six ? ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah somewhere in chapture six . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and , yeah , so now i\u00b4m trying to structure the ( ? ? ) , yeah , to all the , um , modules chaptures some morfology so what they say , what morfology is captured and how will it is captured and there is no big difference between the individual models so , um . then , um , i want go into in so much details about the models and some of the information i have there has to be like merged together and , and restructured and , and some information has to be added so i\u00b4m working on it . and i think this week i should have some time to , to do it again . and some of the things removed into the , what is it , notable models or how we called it ? ( david ) yeah , what is section three . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) or two ? three . ( rudolf ) so , so in notable models there is now a bit of rubbish because there is something that i just moved from my chapture but they were not finished even when they were in my chapture and now they moved to different chapture so it will see ( ? ? ) . um , yeah , i don\u00b4t no who , who is responsible for the chapture ? if , if jind\u0159ich will write it or whose wr- ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i will . i\u00b4m actually half , half through it right , right now . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) just before the meeting i , i , i pushed , i pushed somethind and , and that\u00b4s like a first half of the chapture and , and the second half i probably use something of , of what you copy there and delete work so just half you , you had from the chapture probably so ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . that\u00b4s , i think that\u00b4s ok . so , so i , so my take is ok ? i don\u00b4t have to care about , um , notable models and you will just delete my stuff and everything will be fine . ( jind\u0159ich ) you can rely this , yeah . ( rudolf ) cool . yeah , i will to ( ? ? ) to some preface , i think it looks nice . ( david ) preface ? yeah , i , i , preface to the book ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i don\u00b4t think it looks nice but it\u00b4s at least something that you can criticize and , and re- , rewrite . i thought it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s very to have something that we can start with then , then have lorem ipsum . ( david ) ok , great . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) nice . ( david ) i\u00b4m reading it on , should i continue ? maybe , yeah , we will , we will read on the ( ? ? ) and then commented . yeah , what i was doing ? um , i was mainly , um , changig the chapture , um , the section about , about , um , where it is , different attention heads and transformers , different , different styles or different ... right , yeah , i write some , some figures from our , from our paper but till i\u00b4ve no , i did , i did the attention head into many , many like many templates , or not templates , many styles like attending to the same position , attending to the adjustement position but they are no styles nonvertical , mix style there is something vertical and are balustrades which are , which only appears in , in nation , um , in a nmt but it should be there and the block which , um , li- , like two , two squares in the , in the visualisation with , whitch mainly are , um , in bert . there are more than one sentence at the input and the othere types of heads . and but i have only some of the visualisation because only , only some of there were in our experiment with ruda so i will need to , to generate , um , to get the , get the same or the similar metrices from the , um , from the bert as well so i , i\u00b4m planning to , um , to - maybe you already have something ? ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t have , ( ? ? ) ruda want to . ( david ) yeah , but , yeah . like the sim- , the similary not just decide ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) in , in this color . ( david ) yeah , it should , maybe the color should be changed because it would be better to have it like the ( ? ? ) to be white to that the lines are visible there , um , so let the i will changed it and i will ( regenerated ) maybe more , more to the on bert as well so could be can compared , um , better . and i would like to , this is , this is , um , figure about , um , how different types of heads , um , the type propotion in a blue , blue task but this is copied from , from my paper by covered up but i would like to have similar , um , similar , um , graphs for , um , for , for nmt and other thigs as well so i , i would like work about days and - so this is about like different attention head types in , in transformers like in , mainly in nmt and in bert and on and , um , then it should continue by the section with , um , getting syntax from , from the self attention heads or getting syntax , yeah , getting syn- , syntax from self attention heads and then that is something could tomasz is going to write in his survey as well . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) so maybe we can , we can share this section , um , um , somehow . to that we write it only once and no twice . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) so far there are only some , i don\u00b4t - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) in better states probably tomasz can now work with you on the attentions because my chapture is , is a real nice so i think it would be hard to introducing you ( ? ? ) now . ( david ) ok . so we can , we can - yeah . for now we can work with tomasz with , um , these , um , lend getting syntax from attention metrices only , from attention heads and yeah , i if only some , some papers and some notes to each of the paper when there are , there were doing something like something grated . and yeah , so this is , this is how to get like the relations and then i have a section about really inference of syntax trees based on the , based on the attention . and it is , it is something very similar on these , this we\u00b4re we get the same paper , papers cited so ... so on these two chapt- , um , sections i would work with tomasz and yeah , there , yeah , about two papers or maybe more papers about highly head- , ( ? ? ) attention heads which is still missing and then , um , some papers about that att- , attention heads are not interpretable on why , there are not or why it should be interpretable . so i haven\u00b4t continue with this , this week so but i would like to finish it somehow , maybe i will , yeah ... ( rudolf ) let\u00b4s go so moving forward now . ( david ) sorry ? ( rudolf ) we\u00b4re moving forward now like in , in the past weeks it was - ( david ) yeah , th- , this is from the , from the past weeks . this is for , from the past week i , i already written so do you so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what i did the last week it was only the ( led ) to these pictures . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) um , these , this - ( jind\u0159ich ) so davide , wha- , from what you , what you have written , what is , what is cohere and unfinished enough that , that you would like to be at some feedback on ? ( david ) um - i think that , um , but you already went trough this , um , somehow trough this , um , types of attention heads , so i , i , i have changed it somehow , there are very small text and i added the figures it , it is - yeah , it is cohere but it\u00b4s the missing the end like the discussion at the end of this , um , of this , um , paragraph at least and some pictures are missing still . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) so i would like to regenerate and show more examples not only from nmt but also from bert so , um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) so i\u00b4ve added something but it\u00b4s more coherened but it still , yeah , changed somehow if you try to post so yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s question for , for , for everyone . it\u00b4s there anything you would like me to read ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not yet . but i will , i expect to send you , um , something by the end of the week . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) yeah , i could also sen- , um , let you know when , when this is the , this , um , the , this section is finished so that you can read it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , cool . ( david ) and , and , yeah , we are in the book . i , i still dream that we could have it somehow at the end of at june in some share ( ? ? ) which is readable and we passed it to the reviewers . um , but , yeah , maybe i don\u00b4t ask someone if , if you can , if we don\u00b4t manage it by , by the end of june what we should do but , um , i don\u00b4t want to do it now because when we know that the deadline is postponed we will not do anything so , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) um , what about the reviewers ? do we know , um , who will get the reviewers ? so are we supposed to get the reviewers ? so how does it work ? ( david ) um , maybe we should , we should , um , we can , we can , um , specified what reviewers we would like - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) and about that we have to talk with , i will , i will , i will write to , to haji\u010d to - i , i already talk with him and he said that , yeah , we will do it somehow and we will find someone , someone , somebody but , um , - ( jind\u0159ich ) and how there informed requirements ? like , like does it have to be someone whose at least a professor and then someone whose from , from other institution or whether ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i figured they , they need to be from , from the other , outside this , outside this building , not on the this building , outside - ( ? ? ) building , maybe out , yeah , someone not from our university . at least not from our faculty . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) yeah , so if we have nothing to the book , um , yeah . we still have , we will have like more money on , on this grant because , because , um , we had like 40 , 50000 on conferences and i don\u00b4t know how much we will spend - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because it will be 5000 for tsd only and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , tomasz is writing a survey maybe to itad or maybe or it will be maybe ( ? ? ) better text it maybe it should go to some better place than itad only . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) or it can be , yeah . ( rudolf ) i think pbml is better then itad . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know . if you want - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) because you wanted to - ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t have profit ( ? ? ) . ( david ) but you don\u00b4t need to - ( tomasz ) so it\u00b4s also the reason . ( david ) money you don\u00b4t need to have to ( ? ? ) and now so it\u00b4s not - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s only if you , if you want to go to slovakia . ( rudolf ) maybe it will be virtual as well so - ( david ) sorry ? ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s possible it will be virtual anyway . ( david ) it\u00b4s possible it will be virtual anyway so , um ... it\u00b4s up to you . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i would , if to , if the survey\u00b4s really goog i think it could be better to send it to better , better place , better , better , better conference then black box , then itad . ( rudolf ) ( where does ) the black box ( take place ) this year ? ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and what\u00b4s the deadlines ? i don\u00b4t know when . ( david ) the deadline is , it was posponed to the middle of august . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so that it is , the deadline is after the notification of emnlp . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) so if you , if you resend it from emnlp to black box you trough had the reveiw- , the , the reviews there . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so that make it , make it faster or if it is , yeah , if it was very good on emnlp but not accepted , the , the accepted like august automatically to black box . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) maybe . something like this . so they , they , they will see only the reviews and it\u00b4s ok . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) so deadline is ( ? ? ) the conference is november or ? ( rudolf ) the emnlp should be in november . ( david ) in november . than it maybe if physically if , if - ( rudolf ) i think emnlp is officialy virtualised . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s virtualised as well . so black box would by virtualised as well . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) everything is virtualised . ( rudolf ) i think the emnlp all- , allready did decision like , like - ( david ) ah , ok . ( rudolf ) it will be ( ? ? ) virtual . ( jind\u0159ich ) but we want missed the dominican republic . it will be there in , in 2021 . ( rudolf ) in the , the picture like of the location so it\u00b4s just ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ah , ok , ok . yeah , ok . ( ? ? ) is dominican republic . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so dominican republic is next year ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so ... i should like start think about some really good - to get there . ( david ) so i , i think tomasz where , where you have it finished we will decide where to - ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) to , um , submited for itad because itad is only , um , like it\u00b4s a conference like that i don\u00b4t know what people ( ? ? ) will be , um , um , like it will be all from , from all the fields of informatics so maybe they will not understand much of ( ? ? ) much discussed if you this , this ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) they\u00b4re writing about so it\u00b4s only if you want to go to slovakia and it\u00b4s the other ( ? ? ) have but i don\u00b4t know maybe it will be virtualised as well so - ( rudolf ) yeah . they said it , that there is possible it will be virtualised and they\u00b4re waiting to see . definitely that there will be an option to participate remotely because they expect maybe some people want be able to travel . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) ah - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that make no sense to participate remotely . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , it , it make only that you will have one point , um , in skopus but it\u00b4s - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) we don\u00b4t need it , we don\u00b4t need it fort a grant . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) anymore . so because we have already 3 , 3 points . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so , um - ( rudolf ) ok and slovakia is nice so if it\u00b4s physicall then - ( david ) yeah , if it\u00b4s fysicall it\u00b4s , it will be nice so ... ( tomasz ) yeah , i think have try to send it there an older ( ? ? ) . because ( ? ? ) so i need to send ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) soon , right . ( david ) it\u00b4s before the deadline for the book so ... ( rudolf ) yeah , abstract submission is june 15th so it\u00b4s on monday and then there is one more week for weekend . ( david ) yeah there for , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , so - ( david ) yeah . it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s like ( ? ? ) . any papers . ( tomasz ) there , there\u00b4s some i don\u00b4t know they have some i don\u00b4t- ( rudolf ) yeah , they say weekend - ( tomasz ) understand ( ? ? ) whether - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) second type of paper - ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t think they will have a ( hartch ) number of papers so - ( david ) yeah , i supposed they will have like three papers at most so - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so it is , it is only like , um , ( ? ? ) conference . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so only if you want . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah , they haven\u00b4t special overview ( track ) but it will not be included in the proceedings . ( tomasz ) yeah , so - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . so there is even less reason to - submit - ( tomasz ) yeah , yeah , if it is - ( david ) yeah , it gon na be . yeah . if it doesn\u00b4t inquiry proceedings and if it is like not physically . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s like two options . because overviews like overview was for ( alter ) like ( ? ? ) on words , the past or like . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) yeah . if it\u00b4s not accepted for regular paper that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) foreign . ( david ) yeah , yeah . so if , if to be ( ? ? ) to - ( rudolf ) hm . and , and definitely you can , you can withdraw so they say , yeah , if you cross submit you must withdraw before submitting ( ? ? ) diversion and ( ? ? ) you ( ? ? ) is all this twelwe . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) so but it\u00b4s before the black box for example . but - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( thunderbird ) accept surveys ? ( david ) i think it past . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . i ( ? ? ) . but - hm . ( david ) so , so let , let\u00b4s write it somehow and you will see and written how the paper is written some nice thing so that we could submitted to like other place than itad , black box . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) it is virtual but - ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) for now i think i will try to itad and , and then ( ? ? ) from to , to send where and ... ( ? ? ) haven\u00b4t ready in june . ( david ) ok . um , so i think ours , yeah , itad have ... so yeah , there , there are to , there will be problem when somebody left in , in our grant so i will need to use it . i will need to go trough , trough all the mails i\u00b4ve , i\u00b4ve get from ga\u010dr and see what i can do with the , with this money but we can buy something on equipement or i , i - ( rudolf ) yeah , we can buy some equipement . it would be nice . ( david ) yes . but i afraid , afraid it\u00b4s not possible . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so we will be , we can , we can move , transfering money to the , um , um , the salaries but we all , but i don\u00b4t know where you can introducing you , um , new people to our project . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so it ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i could , i could , but we , we have always like the survey like ( sixtate ) 60000 so ( ? ? ) like for - but yeah , for tomasz to introducing to this for couple of months . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) that i don\u00b4t ( ? ? ) . so i , i ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i think yeah . i think it is possible and would be the best option . but there is some kind of this , this , this is somehow interact with the , the ph . d . money he gets so you want that all money - ( david ) ah . ( rudolf ) anyway . ( david ) yeah . so - ( rudolf ) but you will get some of the money like it\u00b4s i think if you get some , some salary so - ( david ) i think if you get - ( rudolf ) half of it - so i think half of it the salary you get and half of the salary just typicall the ( ? ? ) of the ph . d . money so ... ( david ) so we would then - he would got more money then . ( rudolf ) so yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) because half , half of , of the - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) would be . ( rudolf ) so you always get more money if you ( ? ? ) for money . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that it\u00b4s say in this , in this - ( david ) yeah , only half of it . ( rudolf ) i think it\u00b4s somethig like that . yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i don\u00b4t understand any of that . ( rudolf ) yeah , it\u00b4s - yeah , it\u00b4s several things interacting so if - but - yeah , it makes sence . it\u00b4s probably the least , least wasteful way of spending the money on . ( david ) paper ( ready ) send the money are only for , for this year . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know how it will be the next year ( ? ? ) get less money because this , this other finished and you - ( rudolf ) i can ask mark\u00e9ta if - ( david ) yeah , yeah , i will , i will ask mark\u00e9ta and money how would be ( ? ? ) some reason . ( rudolf ) yeah . so in this case maybe for tomasz it would be best if you concentrate the money you can give him to as little time as possible because it is some ceilings so - so if you like give him all the money in one month so he will get lot of money . but if you distributed so all of it will be cut away . ( david ) aha , it is in such - ( rudolf ) i think . but ... ( ? ? ) . ( david ) you can , ( ? ? ) . it is , it could be the same . ( rudolf ) um , first thing you have to figured out if you - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) you can introduce new person to , to the grant . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) also , um , bonuses are not allowed to be paied right now because of the , because of the corona crises . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) but that was the decision of the whole university . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i heard something like that , um , i just realized i gots like twice the , um , twice my salaries . i don\u00b4t know if really matters . ( david ) we can not pay bonuses . ( rudolf ) i always see some bonuses right now - so probably it\u00b4s not that , that serious . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i also got more money than usual . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) this month . strange . ( david ) so it , it can not be spend for , for bonuses . the money can not be spend , we , yeah , we can buy some stationary and i don\u00b4t know . like , but ... ( rudolf ) so you think it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s not for like my account shore , a gpu or - ( david ) i , i will need to , yeah , go trough the , the papers and see what is , what is possible . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i think they only , the only transfering money from one , um , or from some travelling to salaries or something . ( rudolf ) so , so in the budget you have no , no money for investing - ( david ) no . no . ( rudolf ) anything , some ... and it\u00b4s like not allowed in ga\u010dr at all or we just need ask for it ? ( david ) yeah . i will , i will ( ? ? ) that what\u00b4s allowed . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) but it would . ( rudolf ) yeah , you can ask anyway . maybe they will always ( ? ? ) . in our - ( david ) nots , not to buying like - it was not allowed to buy some computers or this things . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) maybe for , for physics they can , they can buy do - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . cv ( david ) like i don\u00b4t know what . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) with ( ? ? ) there was ( ? ? ) situation that people said , you shouldn\u00b4t buy computers from ( gau ) and now it seems that this is allowed . ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know if it\u00b4s ga uk for ga\u010dr but , um , honza haji\u010d bought the computer that i am now using for some grant . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i think it was ga uk . yeah , it for ga- , ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) finished . so he doesn\u00b4t have a ga uk now if he is not a student anymore . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well the - ( david ) but if - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) he bought the computer some time ago . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) but it is not like investi\u010dn\u00ed n\u00e1klady , it is the , um , the other , the other thing . it is , it is cost less than , um , for , for 40000 crowns or something . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i wouldn\u00b4t be sure about that . ( rudolf ) hm . i think for , um , i think we have a limit for 1000 for - well , it is above 1000 you have to get the special number from ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . yeah , but it\u00b4s something , yeah , but it\u00b4s something different thing . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) what , what ho- , honza haji\u010d computers it was , um , it was a strange situation because he got a confirmation from , um , milan fu\u010d\u00edk cluster is no , not able to accomodate more gpu at that time so , so he bought a laptop what , what the strong gpu that , that was to the region he was allowed to , to buy it from ga uk . because it- , it\u00b4s not a computer , it\u00b4s officialy equipement like if you are fysic or something like that . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) cool . ( david ) but anyway if he , if he will pay for , um , all the , the ( ? ? ) for emnlp or for black boxes to , to we will not end up with much more - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) money . ( rudolf ) yeah . we will only knowing what ? july , august ? when is the - ( david ) august . ( rudolf ) notification ? ( david ) august i think . beginning of august . emnlp notification in the ( ? ? ) august . then is the black box deadline and black box notification is like september i think . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . yeah . so we have suddenly - ( david ) so anyway we will - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) money left in september , it will be hard to , to use it anyway cause - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) to buying like computer equipement you have to go trough some formal process or whatever . ( david ) yeah . so , so anyway we , we will know - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) on september - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) how many money , how much money we have . and how much money we will use for , for a book . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) printing the books and that so . ok . so ... ( rudolf ) yeah , we got a mail from haji\u010d that we can come to the official event , um , um , like i really not all of us but we can come . and - ( david ) you mean all of us here in tr\u00f3ja ? or , or ( ? ? ) ? ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) message from jindra who got the message from haji\u010d who got the message from mr . veverka . ( ? ? ) says that we can come but i really not all of us but we can come . i don\u00b4t know what does it mean all of us . but not all of us are here today anyway . and if somebody doesn\u00b4t want to let us in so we should say that , that , yeah , it\u00b4s , um , deal with haji\u010d and veverka . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) good , veverka . ( rudolf ) he\u00b4s some pr person . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh , yeah . i remember . ok . ( rudolf ) so maybe there is some food if , if - if there is a chance to they wouldn\u00b4t let us in so maybe - there is a food . and maybe we don\u00b4t have do ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ok , so we can - yeah . we can end this meeting so ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i ha-", "tgt": "tomasz joined writing the book . there was accept the paper to tsd and reviews are mostly very good . meeting after lunch about reviews . it\u00b4s need to have one more jurnal paper . everybody said what new they wrote to the book . what it is possible to spend the remaining money from the grant ."}
{"src": "( david ) ok . so welcome , i told tomasz so that in- , include , join our , um , lsd , um , project . um , because currently he is working on survey about , um , about getting sim card , ( ? ? ) sim card , eh , from transformers , from ( ? ? ) neural network so this , um , this is connected our book . so maybe you could , you could participate in our boot , um , as , book as well . and maybe you could , you could write some this , some of the sections , i think . and these one section is i- , you could write the- , these one section for , for my attentions and he can , he can talk with ruda so that he could , you could have in this . because he is working , um , he i- , he is survey , survey would be about , um , the probing , um , the syntactic probing of hewitt , manning and ( ? ? ) papers . so maybe , um , you could invite him as well to the , to writing the book . and at least you should , you could read , read the book and criticized our book and tell us what is missing and what is , um . and so on . so i , if , if you agree so i would , i would , i would end . ( jindra ) cool . ( david ) ok . so . so let 's go on agenda . so first we have accepted paper to sd , to tsd . um , so i , i read the reviews . they are very good . unlike two , two reviews are like the default reviews . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) that one review is like only one . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and , so , um , where is the deadline for , for nlpd ? ( rudolf ) um , friday . ( david ) this friday ? ( rudolf ) oh , no , next monday . next . i thought , yeah . like we have to do it this week anyway about . ok . is june 15th . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) june 15th . yes , it\u00b4s monday . ( david ) that 's someone from us need to be registered there . ( rudolf ) yes . and somebody from us just to be registered . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . it is online ? the conference that or ? ( rudolf ) um , they say that the default is online and they will see if there will be some real participation as well or not . ( david ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in brno . ( david ) yes , if it is in brno . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) so yes . so someone should , um , registered . someone of you two . ( rudolf ) yes . i do n't know if they have student discounts . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they do . unfortunately . so if you want to side money - i will ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) money on , on our ( ? ? ) . so if ruda wants to go to brno ? ( rudolf ) says , we want participation expected as default . and they say , as the situation this september can not be easily predicted , they have decided to choose virtual as the default option . bla , bla , bla , bla , bla . semi-virtual organization will be considered but as an optional addont . so probably will be only virtual . um , yes , i can register . ( david ) ok . so you , you , you are registered , all right . ( rudolf ) you know , how it works ? like to be payed by card it or transfer or ? ( david ) um , last year for tsd you say , should write to mrs . ( bedi\u010dkov\u00e1 ) and you should wait like for whole \u00fafal once . ( rudolf ) ok . full participant , remote participation is 5000 czk . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( rudolf ) also ( ? ? ) for conference , that does n't ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , interesting . last year it cost 10000 and it was in slovenia with - conference dinner and conference trip to the seaside so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that does n't really seem proportional . ( rudolf ) and when i was on tsd , the lunch is there also covered ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) lunch is covered . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) lunch was last year too . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) and sees the exclusion to the , to the present were very active . ( tomasz ) i do n't know , what is in brno . ( david ) starobrno . ( rudolf ) ok . so i will try to register today and should be soon enough . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . and should we set up meeting probably between you and we or you and me and david to others the reviews ? ( david ) yeah , maybe we can . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . do you want to take part ? ( david ) yeah , i can take part . and we , we can do it , nothing to ( ? ? ) today afternoon or ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( rudolf ) today i have one more meeting and i have to prepare for it . or , yeah , ( ? ? ) too long should 1 p.m. and i have a call at 4 p.m. i think , i should prepare for it . ( david ) ok , so we can do it like the other - ( rudolf ) yes . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) tomorrow ? ( david ) at tomorrow ? ( rudolf ) are you tomorrow here ? ( david ) i am going with jindra to mal\u00e1 strana . ( rudolf ) and then here - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) then , then i have `` dovolen\u00e1 '' . how do you say `` dovolen\u00e1 '' in english ? ( rudolf ) holiday . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) holiday . ok . anyway , holiday tomorrow and the day after tomorrow but i 'm coming the day after tomorrow . ( rudolf ) i have holiday on friday . ( david ) aha . and also is they , i have meeting with zden\u011bk . but it 's not , it 's , yeah , it 's in the afternoon so if , if you can on morning ? ( rudolf ) we can just with on monday . ( david ) before , before lunch . ( ? ? ) monday . ( rudolf ) there , there we will have to ( ? ? ) much about the paper and - ( david ) yeah , i think there , yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , only - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) monday seems ok . ( david ) ok , monday . ( rudolf ) i have no holiday and - ( david ) maybe on , ne , on monday i am not here . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) i need to go to - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) to the doctors . ( rudolf ) ok . so there is no good option . um , to we can still do it today . and i can just , yeah , be unprepared for the meeting as usual . ( david ) i think it will be fast . so today after , after that . ( rudolf ) so after a lunch . ( david ) yeah , after lunch . ( rudolf ) yeah . this is , you 're saying lunch or launch ? ( david ) after lunch . ( rudolf ) cause after the lunch there should be the official whatever . ( david ) ah , the official ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i do n't now . yeah , we do n't really now what it will be like . ( david ) yeah . how will ( ? ? ) ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so let 's do it to go there . ( rudolf ) we told need to , we do n't now is we reload to . we do n't know what 's going to happen there . so we will just wait and see what happens . if there is free food and we can go ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) ok , so let 's meet in afternoon today . seems this ist . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we have waited to weekend just decided who will ( ? ? ) what away . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) we do n't have to write it right now . ( david ) jo , jo , jo . yeah , it only go through the , go through the reviews and decide what , what , what is new to ( ? ? ) . jo . ok . yeah . the next point - ok , so that tomasz could help us with ( ? ? ) section in the book , in our book . so , um , maybe i , i can talk it about , about section o attentions and maybe we , we can talk it through . i want to somehow , we can talk and maybe you , you , you do give tomasz as well . um , yesterday ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) um , yeah like about , um , his paper and i could ( ? ? ) some papers ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , before starting talking about the book , um , um , ok , when the - because the paper was to tsd was accepted so we also all what we have promised for the ga\u010dr we almost have . what is missing is the book and one ( ? ? ) paper , um , but , um , yeah , it can be a pbml paper , vision deadline july 1st . it , um , so the next month . ( rudolf ) yeah , it will be problem with writing of pbml paper but it not really related to , um , lsd . ( david ) yeah , i , i have one more paper which was not accepted to acl , um . i , i was working on that in helsinki and , um , the results are not , um , not very good so maybe i could , i could , i could , um , push it to , push the paper to the , to the pmb- , pbml so that 's , it 's somewhere . it could be black box paper as well , so yeah , i , i will decide and i will talk to , with ( ? ? ) on helsinki whether they would like to have this paper in , in pbml . and because , yeah , we , we need one , one more journal paper so if we have nothing and ... ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) is , is deadline the last , deadline - ( david ) the next deadline is , the deadlines are in the , um , two , two journals ( ? ? ) and one deadline as on like january and the other is june . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes , so this is , this is the last one . ( david ) july . so in this year this is the last one . so that it is , so that is it . ( rudolf ) and itad does n't count or ? ( david ) itad , the , i promised three - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , three papers on big confe- , conferences or type d , which is , um , itad or tsd or this which is indexed by skopus or tomson . ( rudolf ) so this is already - ( david ) this is already done because we have one paper from itad and other from tsd and now that this one is , yeah . for tsd as well . yeah , so we have three , three papers type d , we have no papers so far like npcl or ( ? ? ) . so maybe we will have but we do n't know yet but - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , this three conference papers are already , we already have . and i promise two journal paper and now we have only one so far so ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but , but i think that the , the paper , the helsinki paper could , could go there to the ( ? ? ) so , so problem we can , we can do it to archive and pbml so that someone can read it . ok , so now the book . so maybe we can , everyone can say what , what was done the last week . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well i started working yesterday and i , i only written one paragraph and half which i have n't pushed yet , so it 's not there . but i 'm really starting to getting to it and also i am done with teaching this semester so i will just work on the book from now one so - ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so i was mostly over- , overnight i was mostly like getting back to what 's where and what i , i need organize things . but i started writing and i expect there to be more written today and on thursday and definitely on friday . ( david ) hm . ok , so , so ruda , um - ( rudolf ) yeah , um , so - ( david ) ( ? ? ) structure . ( rudolf ) yeah , so i managed to , to start working so maybe the mainly i was doing what tom\u00e1\u0161 was doing so getting back to work but , um . i , i restructuring the , the chapter so it 's lot of mess . um , but i started adding some information from some papers that , that was , was not there yet . so i added , i do n't now like one or two pages . ( david ) you mean in , in the section six or chapter six ? ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah somewhere in chapter six . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and , yeah . so now i 'm trying to structure the way like , yeah , to all the , um , models capture some morphology so what they say , what morphology is captured and how will it is captured and there is no big difference between the individual models so , um . then , um , i want go into in so much details about the models and so some of the information i have there has to be like merged together and , and restructured and , and some information has to be added so i 'm working on it . and i think this week i should have some time to , to do it again . and some of the things removed into the , what is it , notable models or how we called it ? ( david ) yeah , what is section three . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) or two ? three . ( rudolf ) so , so in notable models there is now a bit of rubbish because there is something that i just moved from my chapter but they were not finished even when they were in my chapter and now they moved to different chapter so it will see ( ? ? ) . um , yeah , i do n't know who , who is responsible for the chapter ? if , if jind\u0159ich will write it or whose wr- ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i will . i 'm actually half , half through it right , right now . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) just before the meeting i , i , i pushed , i pushed something and , and that 's like a first half of the chapter and , and in the second half i probably use something of , of what you copy there and delete work so just half you , you had from the chapter probably so sorry about that . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . that 's , i think that 's ok . so , so i , so my take is ok ? i do n't have to care about , um , notable models and you will just delete my stuff and everything will be fine . ( jind\u0159ich ) you can rely this , yeah . ( rudolf ) cool . yeah , i will to ( ? ? ) to some preface , i think it looks nice . ( david ) preface ? yeah , i , i , preface to the book ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , i do n't think it looks nice but it 's at least something that you can criticize and , and re- , rewrite . i thought it 's , it 's very to have something that we can start with then , then have lorem ipsum . ( david ) ok , great . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) nice . ( david ) i 'm reading it on , should i continue ? maybe , yeah , we will , we will read on the ( ? ? ) and then comment it . yeah , what i was doing ? um , i was mainly , um , changing the chapter , um , the section about , about . right this . different attention heads and transformers , different , different styles or different ... right , yeah , i write some , some figures from our , from our paper but till . so i 've no , i did , i did the attention head into many , many like many templates . like , or not templates , many styles like attending to the same position , attending to the adjustment position ( ? ? ) nonvertical , mix style there is something vertical and are balustrades which are , which only appears in , in nation , um , in a nmt but it should be there . and the block which , um , li- , like two , two squares in the , in the visualization with , which mainly are , um , in bert . there are more than one sentence at the input and the other types of heads . and but i have only some of the visualization because only , only some of there were in our experiment with ruda so i will need to , to generate , um , to get the , get the same or the similar metrices from the , um , from the bert as well so i , i\u00b4m planning to , um , to - maybe you already have something ? ( tomasz ) i do n't have , ( ? ? ) ruda want to . ( david ) yeah , but , yeah . like the sim- , the similary not just decide ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) in , in this color . ( david ) yeah , it should , maybe the color should be changed because it would be better to have it like the based to be white to that the lines are visible there , um , so let the i will changed it and i will ( ? ? ) maybe more , more to the on bert as well so could be can compare it , um , better . and i would like to , this is , this is , um , figure about , um , how different types of heads , um , the type propotion in a blue , blue task . but this is copied from , from my paper by covered up but i would like to have similar , um , similar , um , graphs for , um , for , for nmt and other things as well so i , i would like work on days and - so this is about like different attention head types in , in transformers like in , mainly in nmt and in bert and on . and , um , then it should continue by the section with , um , getting syntax from , from the self attention heads or getting syntax , yeah , getting syn- , syntax from self attention heads and then that is something could tomasz is going to write in his survey as well . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) so maybe we can , we can share this section , um , um , somehow . to that we write it only once and no twice . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) so far there are only some , i do n't - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) in better states probably tomasz can now work with you on the attentions because my chapter is , is a real nice so i think it would be hard to introducing you ( ? ? ) now . ( david ) ok . so we can , we can - yeah . for now we can work with tomasz with , um , these , um , lend getting syntax from attention metrices only , from attention heads . and yeah , i have only some , some papers and some notes to each of the paper when there are , there were doing something like something grated . and yeah , so this is , this is how to get like the relations and then i have a section about really inference of syntax trees based on the , based on the attention . and it is , it is something very similar on these , this we will be the same paper , papers cited so ... so on these two chapt- , um , sections i would work with tomasz and yeah , there , yeah , about two papers or maybe more papers about highly head- , ( ? ? ) attention heads which is still missing and . then , um , some papers about that att- , attention heads are not interpretable on why , there are not or why it should be interpretable . so i have n't continue with this , this week so but i would like to finish it somehow , maybe i will , yeah ... ( rudolf ) let 's go so moving forward now . ( david ) sorry ? ( rudolf ) we 're moving forward now like in , in the past weeks it was - ( david ) yeah , th- , this is from the , from the past weeks . this is for , from the past week i , i already written so do you so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what i did the last week it was only the ( ? ? ) to these these pictures . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) um , these , this - ( jind\u0159ich ) so davide , wha- , from what you , what you have written , what is , what is cohere and unfinished enough that , that you would like to be at some feedback on ? ( david ) um - i think that , um , but you already went trough this , um , somehow trough this , um , types of attention heads , so i , i , i have changed it somehow , there are very small text and i added the figures it , it is - yeah , it is cohere but it 's the missing the end like the discussion at the end of this , um , of this , um , paragraph at least and some pictures are missing still . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) so i would like to regenerate and show more examples not only from nmt but also from bert itself so , um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) so i 've added something but it 's more coherened but it still , yeah , changed somehow if you try to post so yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) and it 's , it 's question for , for , for everyone . it 's there anything you would like me to read ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not yet . but i will , i expect to send you , um , something by the end of the week . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) yeah , i could also sen- , um , let you know when , when this is the , this , um , the , this section is finished so that you can read it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , cool . ( david ) and , and , yeah , we are in the book . i , i still dream that we could have it somehow at the end of at june in some share ( ? ? ) which is readable and we passed it to the reviewers . um , but , yeah , maybe i do n't ask someone if , if you can , if we do n't manage it by , by the end of june what we should do but , um , i i do n't want to do it now because when we know that the deadline is postponed we will not do anything so , um - ( jind\u0159ich ) um , what about the reviewers ? do we know , um , who will get the reviewers ? so are we supposed to get the reviewers ? so how does it work ? ( david ) um , maybe we should , we should , um , we can , we can , um , specified what reviewers we would like - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) and about that we have to talk with , i will , i will , i will write to , to haji\u010d to - i , i already talk with him and he said that , yeah , we will do it somehow and we will find someone , someone , somebody but , um , - ( jind\u0159ich ) and how there informed requirements ? like , like does it have to be someone whose at least a professor and then someone whose from , from other institution or whether ( ? ? ) . ( david ) i figured they , they need to be from , from the other , outside this , outside this building , not on the this building , outside - ( ? ? ) building , maybe out , yeah , someone not from our university . at least not from our faculty . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) yeah , so if we have nothing to the book , um , yeah . we still have , we will have like more money on , on this grant because , because , um , we had like 40 , 50000 on conferences and i do n't know how much we will spend - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because it will be 5000 for tsd only and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , tomasz is writing a survey maybe to itad or maybe or it will be maybe it will be better text it maybe it should go to some better place than itad only . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) or it can be , yeah . ( rudolf ) i think pbml is better then itad . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) i do n't know . if you want - ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) because you wanted to - ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i do n't have profit ( ? ? ) . ( david ) but you do n't need to - ( tomasz ) so it 's also the reason . ( david ) money you do n't need to have to ( ? ? ) and now so it 's not - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it 's only if you , if you want to go to slovakia . ( rudolf ) maybe it will be virtual as well so - ( david ) sorry ? ( rudolf ) it 's possible it will be virtual anyway . ( david ) it 's possible it will be virtual anyway so , um ... yeah , it 's up to you . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i would , if to , if the survey is really good i think it could be better to to send it to better , better place , better , better , better conference then black box , then itad . ( rudolf ) where does the black box take place this year ? ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . and what 's the deadlines ? i do n't know . ( david ) the deadline is , it was postponed to the middle of august . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so that it is , the deadline is after the notification of emnlp . ( rudolf ) ah . ( david ) so if you , if you resend it from emnlp to black box you trough had the reveiw- , the , the reviews there . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so that make it , make it faster or if it is , yeah , if it was very good on emnlp but not accepted , the , the accepted like august automatically to black box . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) maybe . something like this . so they , they , they will see only the reviews and it 's ok . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . i do n't know . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) so deadline is ( ? ? ) the conference is november or ? ( rudolf ) the emnlp should be in november . ( david ) in november . than it maybe if physically if , if - ( rudolf ) i think emnlp is officially virtualised . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) it 's , it 's virtualised as well . so black box would by virtualised as well . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) everything is virtualised . ( rudolf ) i think the emnlp all- , already made the decision like , like - ( david ) ah , ok . ( rudolf ) it will be ( ? ? ) virtual . ( jind\u0159ich ) but we want missed the dominican republic . it will be there in , in 2021 . ( rudolf ) in the , the picture like of the location so it 's just ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ah , ok , ok . yeah , ok . ( ? ? ) is dominican republic . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so dominican republic is next year ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , so ... i should like start think about some really good - to get there . ( david ) so i , i think tomasz where , where you have it finished we will decide where to - ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) to , um , submit it for itad because itad is only , um , like it 's a conference like that i do n't know what people there will be . um , um , like it will be all from , from all the fields of informatics so maybe they will not understand much of ( ? ? ) much discuss if you this , this ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) they 're writing about so it 's only if you want to go to slovakia and this the other ( ? ? ) have but i do n't know maybe it will be virtualised as well so - ( rudolf ) yeah . they said it , that there is possible it will be virtualised and they 're waiting to see . definitely that there will be an option to participate remotely because they expect maybe some people wo n't be able to travel . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) ah - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that make no sense to participate remotely . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah , it , it make only that you will have one point , um , in skopus but it 's - ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) we do n't need it , we do n't need it for the grant . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) anymore . so because we have already 3 , 3 points . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so , um - ( rudolf ) ok and slovakia is nice so if it 's physical then - ( david ) yeah , if it 's physical it 's , it will be nice so ... ( tomasz ) yeah , i think have try to send it there an older ( ? ? ) . because ( ? ? ) so i need to send ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) soon , right . ( david ) it 's before the deadline for the book so ... ( rudolf ) yeah , abstract submission is june 15th so it 's on monday and then there is one more week for weekend . ( david ) yeah there for , yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , so - ( david ) yeah . it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s like ( ? ? ) . any papers . ( tomasz ) there , there 's some i do n't know they have some i don't- ( rudolf ) yeah , they say - ( tomasz ) understand ( ? ? ) whether - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) second type of paper - ( rudolf ) yeah , i do n't think they will have a ( ? ? ) number of papers so - ( david ) yeah , i supposed they will have like three papers at most so - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so it is , it is only like , um , ( ? ? ) conference . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so only if you want . ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah , they have n't special overview track . but it will not be included in the proceedings . ( tomasz ) yeah , so - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . so there is even less reason to - submit - ( tomasz ) yeah , yeah , if it is - ( david ) yeah , it gon na be . yeah . if it does n't inquiry proceedings and if it is like not physically . ( tomasz ) it 's like two options . because overviews like overview was for alter like ( ? ? ) on words , the past or like . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) yeah . if it 's not accepted for regular paper that - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) foreign . ( david ) yeah , yeah . so if , if to be ( ? ? ) to - ( rudolf ) hm . and , and definitely you can , you can withdraw so they say , yeah , if you cross submit you must withdraw before submitting ( ? ? ) diversion and ( ? ? ) you ( ? ? ) is all this twelve . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) so but it 's before the black box for example . but - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) accept surveys ? ( david ) i think it does . ( rudolf ) i do n't know . i never ( ? ? ) . but - hm . ( david ) so , so let , let 's write it somehow and you will see and written how the paper is written some nice thing so that we could submit it to like better place than itad , black box . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) it is virtual but - ( tomasz ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) for now i think i will try to itad and , and then ( ? ? ) from to , to send where and ... ( ? ? ) have n't ready in june . ( david ) ok . um , so i think ours , yeah , ( ? ? ) have ... so yeah , there , there are to , there will be problem when somebody left in , in our grant so i will need to use it . i will need to go trough , trough all the mails i , i get from ga\u010dr and see what i can do with the , with this money but we can buy something on equipment or i , i - ( rudolf ) yeah , we can buy some equipment . it would be nice . ( david ) yes . but i afraid , afraid it 's not possible . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so we will be , we can , we can move , transfering money to the , um , um , the salaries but we all , but i do n't know where you can introducing you , um , new people to our project . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so it ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i could , i could , but we , we have always like the survey like sixty- 60000 so ( ? ? ) like for - but yeah , for tomasz to introducing to this for couple of months . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) that i do n't ( ? ? ) . so i , i ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) i think yeah . i think it is possible and would be the best option . but there is some kind of this , this , this is somehow interact with the , the ph . d . money he gets so you want that all money - ( david ) ah . ( rudolf ) anyway . ( david ) yeah . so - ( rudolf ) but you will get some of the money like it 's i think if you get some , some salary so - ( david ) i think if you get - ( rudolf ) half of it - so i think half of it the salary you get and half of the salary just typical the ( ? ? ) of the ph . d . money so ... ( david ) so we would then - he would got more money then . ( rudolf ) so yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) because half , half of , of the - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) would be . ( rudolf ) so you always get more money if you ( ? ? ) for money . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that it 's say in this , in this - ( david ) yeah , only half of it . ( rudolf ) i think it 's something like that . yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( tomasz ) i do n't understand any of that . ( rudolf ) yeah , it 's - yeah , it 's several things interacting so if - but - yeah , it makes sense . it 's probably the least , least wasteful way of spending the money on . ( david ) paper ( ? ? ) send the money are only for , for this year . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) i do n't know how it will be the next year ( ? ? ) get less money because this , this other finished and you - ( rudolf ) i can ask mark\u00e9ta if - ( david ) yeah , yeah , i will , i will ask mark\u00e9ta and money how would be ( ? ? ) some reason . ( rudolf ) yeah . so in this case maybe for tomasz it would be best if you concentrate the money you can give him to as little time as possible because it is some ceilings so - so if you like give him all the money in one month so he will get lot of money . but if you distributed so all of it will be cut away . ( david ) aha , it is in such - ( rudolf ) i think . but ... ( ? ? ) . ( david ) you can , ( ? ? ) . it is , it could be the same . ( rudolf ) um , first thing you have to figured out if you - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) you can introduce new person to , to the grant . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) also , um , bonuses are not allowed to be paid right now because of the , because of the corona crises . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) but that was the decision of the whole university . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i heard something like that , um , i just realized i gots like twice the , um , twice my salaries . i do n't know if really matters . ( david ) we can not pay bonuses . ( rudolf ) i always see some bonuses right now - so probably it 's not that , that serious . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i do n't know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i also got more money than usual . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) this month . strange . ( david ) so it , it can not be spend for , for bonuses . the money can not be spend , we , yeah , we can buy some stationary and i do n't know . like , but ... ( rudolf ) so you think it 's , it 's not for like my account shore , a gpu or - ( david ) i , i will need to , yeah , go trough the , the papers and see what is , what is possible . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i think they only , the only transferring money from one , um , or from some ( ? ? ) to salaries or something . ( rudolf ) so , so in the budget you have no , no money for investing - ( david ) no . no . ( rudolf ) anything , some ... and it 's like not allowed in ga\u010dr at all or we just need ask for it ? ( david ) yeah . i was , i was told that it 's what allowed . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) but it would . ( rudolf ) yeah , you can ask anyway . maybe they will always ( ? ? ) . in our - ( david ) nots , not to buying like - it was not allowed to buy some computers or this things . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) maybe for , for physics they can , they can buy do - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) like i do n't know what . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) with ( ? ? ) there was ( ? ? ) situation that people said , you should n't buy computers from ga uk and now it seems that this is allowed . ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . i do n't know if it 's ga uk for ga\u010dr but , um , honza haji\u010d bought the computer that i am now using for some grant . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i think it was ga uk . yeah , it for ga- , ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) finished . so he does n't have a ga uk now if he is not a student anymore . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well the - ( david ) but if - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) he bought the computer some time ago . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) but it is not like - ( ? another _ language ? ) it is the , um , the other , the other thing . it is , it is cost less than , um , for , for 40000 crowns or something . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i would n't be sure about that . ( rudolf ) hm . i think for , um , i think we have a limit for 1000 for - well , it is above 1000 you have to get the special number from ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah . yeah , but it 's something , yeah , but it 's something different thing . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) what , what ho- , honza haji\u010d computers it was , um , it was a strange situation because he got a confirmation from , um , milan fu\u010d\u00edk cluster is no , not able to accommodate more gpus at that time . so , so he bought a laptop what , what the strong gpu that , that was to the region he was allowed to , to buy it from ga uk . because it- , it 's not a computer , it 's it 's officially equipment like if you are physic or something like that . ( rudolf ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) cool . ( david ) but anyway if he , if he will pay for , um , all the , the ( ? ? ) for emnlp or for black boxes to , to we will not end up with much more - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) money . ( rudolf ) yeah . we will only knowing what ? july , august ? when is the - ( david ) august . ( rudolf ) notification ? ( david ) august i think . beginning of august . emnlp notification in the ( ? ? ) august . then is the black box deadline and black box notification is like september i think . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . yeah . so we have suddenly - ( david ) so anyway we will - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) money left in september , it will be hard to , to use it anyway cause - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) to buying like computer equipment you have to go through some formal process or whatever . ( david ) yeah . so , so anyway we , we will know - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) on september - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) how many money , how much money we have . and how much money we will use for , for a book . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) printing the books and that so . ok . so ... ( rudolf ) yeah , we got a mail from haji\u010d that we can come to the official event . um and like i really not all of us but we can come . and - ( david ) you mean all of us here in tr\u00f3ja ? or , or ( ? ? ) ? ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) message from jindra who got the message from haji\u010d who got the message from mr . veverka . ( ? ? ) says that we can come but ideally not all of us but we can come . i do n't know what does it mean all of us . but not all of us are here today anyway . and if somebody does n't want to let us in so we should say that , that , yeah , it 's , um , deal with haji\u010d and veverka . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) good , veverka . ( rudolf ) he 's some pr person . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) oh , yeah . i remember . ok . ( rudolf ) so maybe there is some food if , if - if there is a chance to they would n't let us in so maybe - there is a food . and maybe we do n't have do wear dresscode . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ok , so we can - yeah . we can end this meeting so ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i ha-", "tgt": "tsd registration . introduction of each participant 's progress . rudolf 's work - models . david 's work - chapters , head types . reviewers of the book . conferences - virtually . money , grants - how it can be used ."}
{"src": "( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) we can have like two ( ? ? ) . ( david ) nice . ( rudolf ) ok , so let\u00b4s - sorry - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s my mistake , sorry . ( david ) yeah . so , yeah . so are we all ? yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . what is - ( david ) yeah , ruda , ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) what is that thing behind your head , davide ? ( david ) s- , sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) wh- , what is the thing behind your head ? ( david ) so ( book ) ? ( ? ? ) . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i didn\u00b4t see what - oh . ok . ( rudolf ) no future ? ( david ) no future , yeah . it\u00b4s about - ( rudolf ) is that a message for us ? ( david ) ok . ( ? ? ) now . ok , so - yeah . what news we have ? um , so first about the reviewers . ruda , have you contacted anyone ? ( rudolf ) um , no i didn\u00b4t cause we didn\u00b4t really agree on who we want to contact . we were discussing like this , this linguist and we weren\u00b4t sure if it\u00b4s really for linguist . like i think - the last or previous meeting , i don\u00b4t know . that we thought , ok , so we want it to write it for linguist but we ( ? ? ) linguist won\u00b4t understand it anyway . so i don\u00b4t know if to send it to that people . ( david ) yeah . yeah , so i don\u00b4t know what , what , what ( ? ? ) about , about neural networks ? but she\u00b4s , she\u00b4s really only linguist or she know something at least a bit about , about transformer or i don\u00b4t know ? ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i , i asked pavel kr\u00e1l and he , he agreed that he could , he could do the review so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i have one , one , um , assistant professor from , from pilsen , you know . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , well he , he\u00b4s doing , um , similar thing as , as , as , as we do , so - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) he should , um - and i exchange it with , um , because i , i will , i will review , um , um , this ( ? ? ) disertation is like , um , for , um , of , one of his student which is way and this , this , this ( ? ? ) similar to our book so , so we only exchange it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we will read the similar things . ( rudolf ) yeah , that\u00b4s nice . ( jind\u0159ich ) cool . ( david ) i mean , i mean , um , the introduction , so the introduction about the , about the deep learning and , and all the , all the bert and all the , all the notable models . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) it will be very similar . so we will only exchange it and , um , yeah . so we have one . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but professor haji\u010d , professor haji\u010d want- , wanted three so that he could decide , um , he could choose two of them . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so - ( rudolf ) so i suggest i can ask , um , p\u00e9\u0165a ( ? ? ) but i\u00b4m not kind of try to explain that , yeah , um , maybe she won\u00b4t understand it and like she shouldn\u00b4t care or i don\u00b4t know . we just need like one page review or something so , um , i don\u00b4t know . cause - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s like - yeah , like it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s not really like giving and easy introduction for somebody who never worked with neural networks . ( david ) yeah . so ( ? ? ) should - ( rudolf ) there is an introduction , which is good but i think it\u00b4s good maybe for someone who work with other machine learning ( network ) and so something . ( david ) hm . and what about the other , the other people there in a , in a document ? so all , all these people are linguists ? so - ( rudolf ) yeah , basically . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s people - i would say they\u00b4re similar to , um , silivie cinkov\u00e1 . so they\u00b4re , they\u00b4re primarily linguists and they\u00b4re trying to do some computational stuff but it\u00b4s kind of difficult for them . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so - but i don\u00b4t know if , if we think that the book is for them or not . ( jind\u0159ich ) i think it is . ( rudolf ) you think it is ? so - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) we can try and , yeah . ( david ) i think for these people the first , um , the first chapture would be quite hard . i think because it\u00b4s - but , but anyway they , they could , they could skip it and understand the , um , i , so i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) ok , so - so i can try to ask , um , p\u00e9\u0165a and petra . ( david ) yeah , you can try - yeah , ask them . send them , send them the current version of the book , of our book . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) so they can , they can skim it and see whether - sorry , coronavirus . ( rudolf ) ok , so yeah . i , i will ask them , um , and , hm , yeah . and it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s like one page review or , or what should it be ? ( david ) um , it was in the email . i think it was like one page review . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um ... ( rudolf ) yeah , i have it somewhere . ( david ) yeah , i , yeah . like ( ? ? ) to you but not , um ... ( rudolf ) um , yeah . i have the , yeah , one or two pages is enough it says , so ... ok . ok . ( david ) one or two pages . yeah , at least we , we can have from , from pe\u0165a and or , um , another linguist , we could have , we could have information what is , what is understandable for , um , for these people , so yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) ( ? ? ) for us . so because pavel kr\u00e1l he is mainly like , he\u00b4s not a linguist , he is like in- , engineer , more like engineer , um , so he knows what about , um , about all the deep learning technics and he knows a bit less about linguistic so it will be - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) very different , different point of view . ( rudolf ) yeah . so yeah , so , so he should really be able to asses whether ( ? ? ) is true kind of and so on or is for these linguistic reviewers , um , it\u00b4s like , yeah , they don\u00b4t have to i don\u00b4t know check the mess or check , um , check , that , that is true what we write cause they\u00b4re not experts but we\u00b4re interested in whether it\u00b4s interesting for them , whether they lear something , whether they understood something kind of . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . ok . ( david ) yeah , and we , we could - yeah . so - but we should have three revieweres for , for haji\u010d so maybe i could , i could ask someone from helsinky but , um , yeah , i don\u00b4t know where it to ask ( jork ) or where if to ask some of his students . maybe it will be better . or some of , um , post-doctorial researches there . hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) i would be afraid that ( jork ) would be too harsh . ( david ) yeah . so maybe i will , i will ask like the , not ( jork ) , not some people from - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) this group , but not ( jork ) . ( rudolf ) ( jork ) reviewed my disertation and what i understood is that , um , when he knows that it\u00b4s some kind of official review which is important for something so then he\u00b4s finally writing a nice review and then like unofficialy he told me the comments like what\u00b4s wrong and , and what should be done different and so on . but he didn\u00b4t wr- , write it in the review so - ( david ) yeah , yeah , that , that\u00b4s - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) case a bit . they don\u00b4t want very , what , how , how should , how it works ( ? ? ) university they whether write a good review . ( rudolf ) so , so , so this is what he did for my disertation . so ... but yeah . ( david ) ok , yeah . um , another question from , from the , from the last meeting . if tomasz should be a co-author of our book . um , i think he , there\u00b4s the potential part what was ( ? ? ) written by him so i would , i would add him . as a co-author . if you are not against this . i - but i suppose - ( jind\u0159ich ) sure . ( david ) yeah . ok . so let\u00b4s add it there , add him there and , um ... ( rudolf ) so just started and you\u00b4re already author in the book . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( ? ? ) for my english exam . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) because they want - ( rudolf ) aha . ( tomasz ) hundreds , n- , no , 30 pages but ( ? ? ) write - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) number ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) papers ( ? ? ) divided . i don\u00b4t know , i ask them . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) like lot of pages . ( ? ? ) to have think they don\u00b4t pay attention . ( david ) yeah , they don\u00b4t , they don\u00b4t pay attention ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ah , it\u00b4s ok . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . it\u00b4s fun . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) like 30 pages but already like with , with you and with , with david so - ( rudolf ) so yeah . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( tomasz ) so yeah , so , so it should be ( ? ? ) at least , if you ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) nice . yeah , sure . ( ? ? ) it is way . ( david ) yeah , regarding the new- , um , new paper , so we have , we have , um - tomasz paper was accepted to , to itad . so we have ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) but - yeah . it\u00b4s not a surprise of course . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , our , our paper - um - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) virtual ? ( tomasz ) fyzical . ( rudolf ) it\u00b4s fyzical ? ok , cool . ( tomasz ) i ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yeah , and i , um , submited , um , one paper , um , what i done with people from helsinky to pbml and it was accepted as well . so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) so we have two ( ? ? ) - yeah , ok . so now we have two , two articles in journals , um , on this , on this project so , so , yeah . so we have everything what we have , what he have promised but , but the book . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , by the way , how were the en- , en- , emnlp reviews ? ( david ) um , yeah , tomasz , tomasz\u00b4s paper was very good . it was like 3.5 , 3.4 i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) wow . ( tomasz ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) that sounds great . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know it\u00b4s - yeah . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) papers . ( tomasz ) i found out that\u00b4s one of the reviewers review wrong verison of the paper like - ( rudolf ) aha ? how is that possible ? ( tomasz ) because he refer to some things that were only on archive , not in our submitted version . so ... ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s dangerous thing . it happened to me as well that somebody refers to ( ? ? ) . in my case he was ( ? ? ) refer to some previous version which i submitted to some previous conference so , um - ( tomasz ) but i found it out after the response . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) just find it out some things that were really different - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) submitted version , but i didn\u00b4t rewrite that\u00b4s so ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s fun . yeah . so basically for tomasz i would say they complain that maybe it\u00b4s rather for a short paper than a long paper but otherwise they liked it . ( tomasz ) yeah , ( ? ? ) but - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) but , yeah . ( david ) and what about - what about your paper ? about m- , um ... about multilinguality ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... ( discourse ) were two times 3,5 and , and once 3 , um , if you , if you follow the slack , um ... ( david ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) i missed ( ? ? ) for the ( ? ? ) but i emailed the chairs . by the way , you didn\u00b4t tell me that , um , that email that i pasted it was like was ( ? ? ) 2019 chairs , um , so - anyway i emailed it 2019 chairs , they forward it to 2020 chairs - and they uploaded manually , um - the responses , so , so it will ( ? ? ) finally . ( david ) great . ( rudolf ) so that is email it looks something that you\u00b4re stupid that ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) yeah , ( ? ? ) email says well but ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , he just doesn\u00b4t have the concept of time . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s a nice ( ? ? ) . ok , good . ( david ) ok , yeah . um , let\u00b4s go back to , back to the book because , um , so wh- , what are your time plans for , for this , this week and the , the next week ? i think that ruda told , ruda wrote that he\u00b4s only , this is on- , only day he is working or what is ? ( rudolf ) yeah , so , um , wednesday to friday i officially have holiday and i will have to kind of shifted a bit anyway . so i , i\u00b4m not leaving anywhere and i realised i have too much work as ( ? ? ) - ( david ) yeah , but - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) . ( david ) yeah , i ( ? ? ) that . ( rudolf ) for emnlp and acl so , um , so i will be somehow working most of the week anyway . so ... so , um , yeah , i , iwill probably like say the holiday days and unofficially not work later . ( david ) yeah , i , i wanted to , to , i wanted to be in office every day in these two weeks , in this week and the next week but i , i , yeah , unfortunately - ( rudolf ) yeah . we see . ( david ) so - um ... yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way did you , did you get tested for the coronavirus ? ( david ) no . i don\u00b4t think it is , i don\u00b4t think it is coronavirus because i , i didn\u00b4t have temperatures and i have only , um , this caugh and - ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) and , and yeah - ( tomasz ) do you have lost of taste ? ( david ) no . ( rudolf ) smell , smell . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) ok , so yeah . this day , that , it should be write hackaton on , on this book so i , i suppose you will , you all will work , work on it today and i , yeah , i will also try . and , um ... so do you have any plans to what , what is needed to be done ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i need to continue with my chapture . ( david ) yeah , because , because last like the , the , it was like three weeks ago , we were working together or working together - ruda , ruda was writing and we , we are commenting it . i don\u00b4t know where it was , it was good or it was - because ... ( rudolf ) i didn\u00b4t find it very productive . ( david ) it was not very productive . yeah , but - yeah , i will ( ? ? ) up to you . i will continue with my chapture . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and - yeah , we , we should , um , because , um , from email , from the email from haji\u010d we should have it , um , how it was there ? um ... ( rudolf ) tdd . they need six weeks for the review . um ... printing text two wee- , um , two months . ( david ) yeah , we - yeah . it must be send to , to the reviewers , um , in october but i would like to have it finished earlier . ( rudolf ) yeah . because also - ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , october for having the book somehow in a half ( ? ? ) 2021 . yeah . ( david ) yeah , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s needed for , for ga\u010dr so - ( rudolf ) so that\u00b4s like hard deadline is june 2021 or ? ( david ) yeah . like - yeah , we can postpone the evaluation by , um , 6 months . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) or - yeah , i think six months or five moths , i don\u00b4t know . but - yeah . ( rudolf ) so you want to kind of at least have it submitted for printing this year ? ( david ) yeah . no , no . submitted for prin- , printing not . because we will - i don\u00b4t know . but it must be , it must be printed , it must be ready like the , the book must be ready , um , in , in june so i don\u00b4t know ... but the , the book should be , for the reviewers the book should be finished like at the end of september . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) i don\u00b4t want to prolong it anymore because it\u00b4s - yeah , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s getting even worse the writing and it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s really bad and i would like to - yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , and splitting else dated . ( david ) yeah , it - yeah , it\u00b4s , yeah , it must be updated so yeah , we should , we should finish it somehow and , and - the reviewers can , can get , um , on- , only version which is not finished , fully finished but it will be better if they , um , if they , if they get almost finished version . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) ( ? ? ) text part so - so maybe it\u00b4s - i don\u00b4t know what it - what to discuss now but it\u00b4s better to start writing and we can , we can - ( rudolf ) yeah . like my plan is to , to finish my chapture . and once i have my chapture finished then i\u00b4m happy to help with other chaptures . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) but that\u00b4s like - i would prefer first finishing my , my stuff . ( jind\u0159ich ) um ... rudo , i went throught the rest of your chapture and left 20 of comments . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , like half ( ? ? ) them are terminological distinction between , um , what are featchures and what are abstractions . ( rudolf ) great . yeah , i know we talked about this and we found that yeah , i don\u00b4t understand the terminology well , so um , i expect that there is a lot of mess in distance . ( jind\u0159ich ) on- , but otherwise i think it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) if you , if you read the comments . um , the only chapture that i didn\u00b4t read except for the unwritten parts of , of tom\u00e1\u0161\u00b4s chapture . is , um , is , is what david wrote but i , i\u00b4m not really sure where i star- , where i should start or - because , because there are some parts with my comments but they , they moved arround . ( david ) um ... ( jind\u0159ich ) so shell i read it from , from the beginning till the end or ? ( david ) um , i , i think i answered your comments - um ... um ... may i have your attention , yeah . i think i answered your comments in , in the first part . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) um ... i think - yeah . i - yeah . it was - i answered your comments in the first sections but the last section which is , which is - where it is ? hm ... section , um ... 5- 5.3. only section 5.3 . ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( david ) ( ? ? ) how , ( written ) but - so i think there are no - but i see last your comments is in , on page 71 . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but i think it , it appear just i\u00b4m moving some parts arround . because it\u00b4s like ( ? ? ) isolated in the middle of , of the text that i think i didn\u00b4t see . ( david ) yeah . i think i commented ( all ) of your comments . commented out because it was somehow solved and - and for some comments i\u00b4ve reacted , um ... and that\u00b4s all i think . ( jind\u0159ich ) right . and ju- , just being curious , what\u00b4s the expected outcome of today\u00b4s hackaton ? ( david ) um ... two , hm , two ( ? ? ) . because the , i see the , the last , the last week it was not , there was not , not much commits . only , only tom\u00e1\u0161 commited something , some small changes but - it was everything so yeah . so the goal of this hackaton is to write something , some substantial amount of text and , and move - ( ? ? ) somewhere . ok , so maybe it , it - or if you don\u00b4t have , do you have anything else ? i would , i would start writing and , and ( ? ? ) the - we can discuss thing on slack or we can , we can have another , another meeting at afternoon but ... yeah ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) ok , so ... so see you and , and - ( jind\u0159ich ) have a good day . bye . ( david ) bye . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( rudolf ) \u010dau .", "tgt": "rudolf did not contact any reviewers yet , because he wasn\u00b4t sure who he could contact . david asked pavel kr\u00e1l and he agreed that he could do the review of the book . professor haji\u010d wanted 3 revieweres , so it\u00b4s need to find 2 more reviewers . rudolf try to ask p\u00e9\u0165a and petra if they could write a review . review should have one or two pages . everybody agree that tomasz should be co-author of the book . tomasz\u00b4s paper was accepted to itad . david\u00b4s paper from helsinky was accepted to pbml . everybody should continue with writing book . the book must be send to the reviewers in october , david would like to have it finish earlier . the book should be finished like at the end of september . jind\u0159ich left some comments in the book ."}
{"src": "( r ) ( ? another language ? ) ahoj , sly\u0161\u00ed\u0161 n\u00e1s ? hi , can you hear us ? ( j ) ( ? another language ? ) no skoro v\u00e1s nesly\u0161\u00edm . ( r ) ( ? another language ? ) m\u016f\u017eeme p\u0159idat ten mikrofon nebo - ? ( ? another language ? ) j\u00e1 to m\u00e1m norm\u00e1ln\u011b p\u0159i ovl\u00e1d\u00e1n\u00ed . ( t ) ( ? another language ? ) to jsou windowsy . if you if you speak or if you hear us ? ( j ) yes , i can . ( r ) ( ? another language ? ) a mysl\u00ed\u0161 , \u017ee david v\u00ed , kam m\u00e1 zavolat ? ( t ) we see you twice now , but only one of you is moving . ( man ) hi , can you hear me ? ( r ) yes , yes . ( man ) pinda , pinda , yeah . ( j ) the copy of myself not moving . ( t ) i see . ( man ) okay , so , yeah , so ( memduh ) , ( memduh ) is there as well or not ? ( m ) yeah , ( ? ? ) the picture . ( man ) yeah , hi . ( man ) okay so let 's start . what we have in a document . so maybe we can start with tom\u00e1\u0161 and ( memduh ) and the data fix . ( m ) i 've been working it could be done it seems like chris chris romaine came out of paper ( ? ? ) . ( man ) i 'm sorry , i i i can't listen to much because , yeah , this - ( r ) okay , try to closer - ( m ) and so , what is it i look at the my papers - ( man ) yeah . ( m ) and was the manning paper people transports and you seen to do barely well and - ( man ) yeah , you mean to have it and manning , yeah ? ( m ) yeah , yeah . ( man ) yeah . i still not hear very good , but , yeah - yeah , it is very , yeah , yeah , this is very nice paper . i i i read them , it , and yeah - so we would like to do it is similar similar things are . so maybe we we agreed that you you will you will do some probing on on transformer networks . so that 's alright . ok so - and you you should you can try to probe on bert , or ( excellent ) or these of gpt tool , or i do not know - it you you have been working with the ( excellent ) , yeah ? ( m ) ehmm . ( man ) okay . so , so , okay . so the question is on what you would probe . which features . and - ( m ) we use ( ? ? ) one in in the paper . we should probably - if you really go down and probe you should probably use more than this ( cls ) . i think . ( man ) sorry , i can not hear you . ( m ) okay , so , we used the cls in a paper . and we did it use anything yet . ( man ) yeah , you you you cls , yeah , yeah and - okay , but , that you can use the ls and you can use sl the the word the read the context word and manning . i mean the individual positions . ( m ) yeah . ( man ) as well . ( m ) yeah , and ( ? ? ) we did , we we was barely admitted what we did but but in a paper . so we could differently do more stuff , we could do the tactogrammar , the ( propbank ) , ( ? ? ) you , as you said . another one was especially would you like ( propbank ) , can ( ? ? ) like rows and stuff . there was , this paper called , i give it ( ? ? ) to lp open sense to me , yellow paper . what they do attention and and compution scores would interesting in the sense that in their ( ? ? ) 60 internet use emm try to use sentences and test on harder , weirder like constructions to see introduction like like emm for like still means that would ( ? ? ) some basic characteristic . and , i think we used to be interesting and with if ( ? ? ) would be attention is in product placed - ( man ) sorry , i , now i have n't understand you at all . ( m ) okay . ( man ) maybe . yeah . you can , can you hear me ? you can hear me , yeah ? ( m ) ( ? ? ) i can hear you . ( man ) okay , so that problem is that - ( m ) okay , okay , i speak ( ? ? ) bit louder . so what the paper does is that they have distinct where they take attention between subject and verb , subjects and verbs and subjects and verb in in sentences . and they check how much it makes a difference if there is some simply intervening and now i 'm fraze . ( man ) hmm . ( m ) and it seems like the the attention actually still manages to find still manages to find the proper subjects for the nouns particular the ( ? ? ) about higher layers . now it through doing propbanks but kind of stuff might also be ( ? ? ) because they use like it 's a confusion score the psi too . ( man ) yeah , yeah . ( m ) with a proper . ( man ) yeah , yeah , it would be possible , yeah . so . okay so , okay so , you can start with i do n't know , if you can start with bert . ( m ) ehmm . ( man ) and and maybe , yeah , you can focus on ( propbank ) or or i dunno . how we are matter with pdt with the tactogrammatical ? you have n't attended a course in here . ( m ) no , i mean like automatic ( ? ? ) seasons i do n't know of the freement . ( man ) yeah , because yeah , because we have ee we have the tactogrammatical treebanks annotated on english and czech as well . so maybe you can try english english , is pcedt is prague czech english dependent the treebank and there are the manner annotations , and these annotations are - you can , for example , you can try to probe for the for the for means , which are really like more semantic dependence relations like ac- for example actor . which is real actor and this was not as subject what is real actor that mean that in passive sentences it 's it 's the object . the actor and other of but the actor , patient and these like or higher semantic labels . ( r ) do you speak what news ( ? ? ) functors ? ( man ) sorry , i ca n't understand , i i do n't understand you . ( r ) for means do you mean functors ? ( man ) yeah , i mean functors not for means . yeah , okay . so maybe you can you can start with with that . so try to use bert and use for example , single perceptor on to to - actually , what have you used in the paper with we need ? i mean , on top of the on top of the transformer you used a perceptor or - ( m ) is it a one one layer one layer what we need , it 's basicly like more than one ( ? ? ) . ( man ) okay , so you can start with something like this . i i think and you can you can see what what result it it you you have . ( m ) i mean ( ? ? ) like prepare to better practise ( ? ? ) that . ( man ) yeah . ( m ) and what was this collaboration that you guys were talking about with the people in norway ? ( man ) yeah , we saw we have n't we have connected , we want to we want to have a skype call that we need . and maybe it 's you , because you you collaborate we need . because we want to come to helsinky for i do n't two weeks and collaborate on something with us . so it will be managed to to you to know what we need will do here and so that you can contribute or i do n't know . but we have n't so far we have n't organized this call so we 've do first create organized call here with the leader here of this group . and then - okay , i will let you know and then we will see . ( m ) alright . ( man ) okay , so maybe we can shift to to proceed to tom\u00e1\u0161 . ( l ) luk\u00e1\u0161 . okay . what i did eh was looking in to a transformer attention matrices because previously and computive for for sentence from your call . ( r ) ( ? ? ) for use for ( byte ) box . ( man ) yeah . ( l ) yeah and i checked there is a measure , which measure is ( out ) the attention matrice is a line with particulations and actually i got this from from other paper . and it 's chunked down from much attention eh is focused of the first of words data in syntactic laytion . and we 've to look what are the patterns of the eeh what difference actually our results from ( though ) measure ( ? ? ) for jeny proposed one from different photo eh like one observation was that ( ? ? ) , let 's say easier ( ? ? ) find the determiners or multifiers . the lower layer the layer was quite good and for for one subject - ( man ) on the on the zero on the first layer the there are the attention looks on the previous on the next token so that 's that 's the determiners on the other . ( l ) there are some variances in that . but then it was quite good but say like the subject finding sub- object there 's one head one specialized looking for that particulation , let 's say . eeh it 's most in fact ( ? ? ) ultimate layer like there 's like it 's layer . ehm and it 's also one head that 's very very surprise look that ( penny sour ) for ( relations ) done for determiner is the multifier it 's subjects objects and looks in the last layer . then look up what is the layers how was attention matrices looks like for for other sentences . i think in mostly , yeah , it 's said like for the first layer many just low close positional in some cases which some variations like ( ? ? ) focused ( ? ? ) in the principe like bounce . ( man ) so i have better send the last the last last cut of the seconds . ( l ) so i thought those attention has the particular different parts for syntactic relations . and for those the determiners modifiers those heads look like justs looking up the neighborhood but context the words just shift that one of it 's one to way to find determiners and ( ? ? ) some clients is in that eeh operation that 's look plus one , minus one , just with any fix pattern . and the the higher layer components depend subjects was what was it was ( balustrade ) layer rows was looking in to different eh chunks . what 's this items and like i think it 's i think it 's the the relations eeh let 's say that can be drive from attention matrice some of correlate with ( syntactic tree ) . but it 's should n't be any head look an can not find , by any specific relation . ( man ) you are training about its raise or the dependency trees or - ? ( l ) dependency trees , yeah . ( man ) yeah . ( l ) it 's constructure which some heads correlates that some heads has connection that 's correlate with relation in different laytions in syntactic tree it also had like this different types relations adverb . and she has - ( man ) have have you visualised , sorry , have you visualise which which phrases or which which ( balustrades ) are there because it seems that there are almost all possible and these if you take the shorter phrases or shorter ( balustrades ) there are also almost all possible balustrades somewhere , or at least according my observations . so i do n't know how you - ( l ) you mean like the shorter phrases can be in like ( balustrades ) but like different ( balustrades ) in different heads ? ( man ) yeah . ( l ) okay . actually i only focuse on those heads that for instance was quite good at finding subjects the verb . there is one higher ( balustrades ) there . eeh , but actually it was only heads balustrades difference than have mix from cognition and ( balustrades ) . i only look at this ( balustrades ) heads . ( man ) yeah . ( r ) it seems that the different heads do different stuff . what what we need in our paper because we just use all of the heads . yeah , it seems they do different stuffs so it makes sense to try to seek which head those what try to hide them supportly , i guess . ( man ) experiments are done on our on our parametres on our training . so it is on europarlament translation , yeah . okay . i should say one thing we tried to have have the similar results here in a use not nevermind then use open mmt system and try to generate somethink like balustrades and we have many problems many problems with generating something similar , like similar to balustrades . then we realise that switch to some it was it was the option . so , so , i i i want to say that it 's not easy to eeh that there many different different settings and little bit difference settings of transformer that generates completely different results . very ( ? ? ) from the balustrades the matrices , the attention mattrices are very ( blurt ) and there ( ? ? ) straight and we have to it was like , the option . it was like normalization token , we even know what david mean in transformer . i do n't know about jind\u0159ich . are you there , jind\u0159ich ? ( r ) i think he got away . ( man ) aha , he went away . okay . so we do n't know . so , yeah . we start good quite long to to generate something like ( balustrade ) . so i only want to say that there are many , many things that made many , many parametres that may chains and the chains and there is completely different , completely different attention it 's an attention ways so , so . but if i we we get it and we have ( balustrades ) as well . that 's why we ( ? ? ) . the other papers do n't do n't report that there are some like balustrades maybe they have different different parametres a little bit , yeah . maybe completely different . yeah , yeah . ( l ) something becomes look at all all heads , they just pick from patterns , they they if i plan the person the head . but i think ( ? ? ) factor in ( ? ? ) paper some heads are a bit specialized in finding one high ( ? ? ) . because one head stamps finds the subject for verb . ( man ) yeah . ( l ) ( ? ? ) for free paper . ( man ) okay . and what 's your what 's your plan ? so , how long how long are you in prague ? you are until december ? ( l ) until half december . the 15th december . ( man ) okay , so , we can meet each other personally because i will i will be taken in the beginning in december . okay . ( l ) yeah . ( man ) okay , what what what what are your plans ? would you like to switch to another ? another network like bert , or or would you - ? ( l ) actually , i wanted to try ehm extract the graph structures compare how how was like similar syntactic trees or different types of trees we can ( ? ? ) from syntax . one aproach i think it can be checked for conclusions use the structure eeh with a with a graph conclusion layers . the syntax relations can improve eehm , eeh , machine translations for instance . ( man ) you mean , you mean , you mean to take the gold gold trees ? ( r ) there is , yeah , there is the papers where they syntactic trees from from syntactic parser and use that to form the the input of machine translation systems so you would just use and put using graph ( conclusion ) . and they reported some improvements over using charts ( ? ? ) which ( ? ? ) . so the idea was that we could try to replicate this and to compare it with ( ? ? ) the extract from the attentions . ( man ) yeah , okay , and we should also , memduh , memduh send me the paper where they they they had two two heads which are trained differently . with the objective function to to to be as similar as possible to the to the ( ? ? ) trees if i if i ( redisconnect ) it . memduh , is that right ? so they they have two two synt- two heads or eeh that were trained to to be similar to a that attentions in these heads , attention to the syntactic ( ? ? ) , syntactic ( precedence ) or syntactic - . and by this training they also , they also report better better results improvement in they in they these two heads like gold syntax . and they , yeah , they train it together so they do n't need they do n't need the syntax annotation when translating so it 's it 's learnt . because it 's an objective function . that it 's part of they added to the objective function . they added that two heads must be similar to the gold trees . so the trees are needed only in training and in in the there . and it is also very interesting . so you can try to read it and yeah - okay , so - i don t know what , do you have any other ideas , so ? memduh , memduh , i will i will send you the links to the tactogrammatic when you can when you can download the treebank and the other link you need and other other anything you need to start experimenting , and , yeah . ( r ) so so the paper working about ( ? ? ) . ( t ) or , i can add you to our doctor who and share ( man ) sorry , what did what did you said , tom\u00e1\u0161 ? ( t ) that i can add memduh to our zotero group . ( man ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly , exactly , definitely , add him , yeah . okay . so , if you have anything else , yeah , we can quit this call and and see you in next 14 days and i will be in contact with memduh , too . is there anything . okay . ( r ) officialy have a master thesis already or research for master thesis . ( m ) i mean ( ? ? ) . ( man ) yeah , of course , this is , this will be your master thesis topic , of course , of course , so , yeah . ( m ) okay . okay , so , see you in 14 days . yeah . ( t ) okay . ( man ) see you . ( ? ? ) i wanted to ask jind\u0159ich about bert secure . ( r ) did he contact you or he did n't contact you or we do n't know ? ( t ) no . ( r ) okay , so , so , actually , i think , yeah , we we - okay , so , so what what you that there are you working on , memduh , cause it seems you two are basicly working on similar stuff - ( m ) yeah , it seems like that . ( r ) we should we should at least know what each other is doing . ( m ) so , i mean , i 'll try the experiment tactogrammer and propbanks and - ( r ) and so you were reworking on the manual ( hewit ) paper ? ( m ) no , i this ( ? ? ) but experiment . ( r ) uhm uhm . ( m ) and right prophans cause i think this gon na be trying to get more reliable . ( r ) uhm uhm uhm . so get the semantic score . ( m ) yeah , actually . ( r ) not chicks . uhm uhm uhm . and so with the money paper you guess that that best trained or - ( m ) and be sure main paper soon better so it s all better then see it . i just want dimension . ( r ) cause cause i know you read the paper as well i do n't think need to talk about this one . yeah . is this final review . ( t ) you basic write your e-mail . ( r ) there is one ( ? ? ) more creation . ( l ) and this is more ( ? ? ) to to uhm uhm . uhm , yeah , i know . ( m ) okay , there . ah , okay . ( ? ? ) keybord . ( t ) what 's happening ? let 's try this . okay . so we will get invitation e-mail to join . ( r ) so here we ( excellnet ) . and to analyse you to have your own call there 's a poor based . ( m ) yeah , we have to ( ? ? ) . ( r ) uhm uhm . ( m ) ( ? ? ) experiment on project , because people who do n't have acces to the ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah , they do n't have word . ( m ) yeah . ( r ) i asked them like mostly common base ( ? ? ) are we don t ( ? ? ) here . ( m ) ( ? ? ) put bojar in seminar . ( r ) oh , this , uhm uhm , yeah . laugh ( m ) ( ? ? ) between ( ? ? ) ( r ) yeah . ( t ) just know we still recording . ( r ) oh , yeah , that 's fun . ( t ) and still the waiting if jind\u0159ich reappears . ( r ) it 's a - yeah , that the what happen there , maybe it 's a connection problem . ( ? ? ) contact us in argue . and , so , okay , guess , yeah , with the milestone part we basicly using what we did for award book papers appear something we use . yeah , i do n't actually know where it comes from . that it was it ( ? ? ) from ( ? ? ) disables strange ( monkey ) anything what were used . ( t ) like the - ( r ) transformer . ( t ) yeah , that 's trained in ( neuromantee ) , trained by jind\u0159ich . ( r ) there is this this thing , okay , so now we 're analysing is one of those retrained and test iniciate may be - ( m ) it 's model . ( r ) it 's a - it 's a evaluate makes more sense to to analyse bert . ( m ) when attention bit more seem like nowhere compare and we have multilingual bert than based multiligual bert and elmo . elmo better answer in syntactic ( ? ? ) and recognize more then ( ? ? ) yet . ( r ) okay . uhm . ( m ) but there was ( ? ? ) the paper it would become diversial one in elmo . but that seem to like in multilingual context into record most detected . ( r ) uhm uhm . ( l ) and as we tried to to ( mapping ) simple ? ( m ) it was this - it actually ( ? ? ) elmo kind a ( ? ? ) ( l ) okay , okay . ( r ) uhm uhm . ( ? ? ) and it 's anybody published anything like that ( ? ? ) i get in ( ? ? ) . ( m ) i do n't know . ( r ) i guess our our assumption is that we have probably the attentions are what task . yeah , is it reasoning that . something that we do understand ( ? ? ) . ( m ) ( ? ? ) discusion bit , okay is bert using my ( ? ? ) today . yeah , we should looking at probably something more abstract the attention then the abstract . ( r ) uhm uhm uhm . anything so using my ( ? ? ) machine translation so use okay . ( t ) and this was bert stuff . ( r ) yeah , yeah . is the question and the answer . so , so , you and i and someone else can be language model so bert language model or you can be a model payed person possibly task and then he could think okay , so , for doing machine translation it be into syntax or maybe it 's useless the syntax . i do n't know what we should expect . transformer trained for machine translation would be more syntactic and bert less syntactic . well . but models get different result but it 's hard to say okay . it did n't maybe prove because it 's different . i do n't know if it make sense to try to compare it . right , yeah , what i thinking it 's okay , should be really continue analysing the transformers that we have or should we ( ? ? ) someone ( ? ? ) . ( l ) it 's also so interpel ( ? ? ) between different model , ( ? ? ) ( shall pad ) that 's completely different model . uhm uhm . ( m ) the yellow paper was like the some reason the small bert model mention predict somenthing . ( ? ? ) passwords . the lower ( ? ? ) . ( r ) uhm uhm uhm . ( m ) i do n't know what exact from small bert model . ( ? ? ) base base the model and large one . large one did n't but it 's just layer just and predict ( ? ? ) in tact . and then the small and then the base one ( ? ? ) . which is the ( ? ? ) . ( l ) what i look in to small , right , what we have , or i have ( the player ) capture most any syntax crash . two heads let 's say be chunked . and that 's like ( ? ? ) . ( r ) and so so do you know the the large bert if it 's just large data or it 's ( ? ? ) model ? ( m ) even model . ( r ) yeah , so model do we have . uhm uhm . yeah , we tried this with the transformers we think ( ? ? ) models and ( ? ? ) . as are assumption okay , something ( ? ? ) we have it 's layers it 's to have layers model analyse small layers so easier to find ( ? ? ) that ( ? ? ) . if it 's too small than there is nothing interesting going on . okay . i think make something who ( ? ? ) model . ( m ) ( ? ? ) very find ( ? ? ) is expecting just ( ? ? ) research . ( r ) that 's all , the training model it 's just most train some ( ? ? ) and the stuff like that . okay , what 's analyse and completely different models and ( ? ? ) stuff and then looking something ( ? ? ) crash . these always maybe could differently . hm uhm . okay . and and so ( ? ? ) here anything ( alphe ) or - ? ( m ) yeah , we use some models ( in metro ) . ( r ) uhm , uhm . i do n't know is pcp use to . ( m ) it seems to be ( ? ? ) working on picture form . ( r ) aha aha . ( m ) the ( excel ) knows as best document ( ? ? ) basicly there ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah . do you want something guys ? there 's nothing going on there . ( m ) event to my ( ? ? ) or ( ? ? ) . ( r ) i do n't know . i added i uderstand now that david book invite her . okay . ( r ) so , i do n't know i do n't know these comming in december while i 'm staying where is ( ? ? ) . ( m ) i do n't know . ( r ) but he said he will be in the beginning december , so - you you you know - ( t ) i think he was planning to come back like before i will supposed to i was supposed to be 8th of december . and i think that he was planning to stay here after that but then ( ? ? ) deserving ( ? ? ) like maybe go back for another 2 weeks after new year 's . ( r ) okay , so . the ( ? ? ) make sense try to set up some more frequent ( ? ? ) with david like like model ( ? ? ) . ( m ) okay , yeah . and analyse that . ( r ) and analyse that , yeah . in some e-mail ( ? ? ) . definitely david seems to know what you might better ( ? ? ) . it s person that it 's right . and he deserving in beginning december basicly as well . nearly . that 's end . ( l ) is this your master thesis ? you 're ready ? ( m ) well , i mean , i analyse to some many ( ? ? ) . ( r ) and there is possible thesis ( ? ? ) may again . ( m ) yeah . ( r ) it is a ( ? ? ) already . ( m ) okay . ( r ) i can always submit it lenght tomorrow . yeah , there is not not - okay . i do n't know the ( ? ? ) deadline is delay just possible tate so the video ( ? ? ) . like anytime you have it ready ( ? ? ) . ( t ) well , you should ( ? ? ) . ( r ) oh , yeah , yeah , yeah . it seem to officially i have to david adds in in in ( ? ? ) . actually i think there is no like ( ? ? ) . we can david send today and then tomorrow ( ? ? ) . it 's not recommended way , but - there should be like at least one month . ( t ) because the dean has to . ( r ) okay . so let me ( ? ? ) the person ( ? ? ) inside . ( t ) we will supply it . ( m ) i should have some experiments ( ? ? ) . ( r ) it make sense that you know better . okay , yeah . yeah , i guess , that 's for the meeting . we together can then continue . i do n't know if tom\u00e1\u0161 need to discuss something ? ( t ) hmm , no . ( r ) rewriting this paper with jind\u0159ich .", "tgt": "man , memduh , rudolf: discuss probing on transformer networks and features . in paper is used cls . recommendation start with bert , maybe try pcedt ( prague czech english dependent the treebank ) or for example single perceptor and will see the result . memduh ask about collaboration discuss in norway . there is plan to come to helsinky for two weeks and collaborate on something . after organized skype call will be memduh informed . man will send to memduh links to download the treebank and the other link he need to start experimenting . agree with using research for master thesis . man , luk\u00e1\u0161 , rudolf: luk\u00e1\u0161 worked on transformer attention matrices . work with dependency trees where some heads correlates with relation in different laytions in syntactic tree . look at balustrade heads and it seems that the different heads do different stuff . plan is to try extract the graph structures and compare how was like similar syntactic trees . approach can be checked for conclusions use the structure with a graph conclusion layers . the idea was to try to replicate this and to compare it with the extract from the attentions . the syntax relations can improve machine translations . in december they can meet personally in prague . tom\u00e1\u0161 , memduh: tom\u00e1\u0161 add memduh to zotero group . will be send invitation e-mail . tom\u00e1\u0161 , rudolf , luk\u00e1\u0161 , memduh: discuss about working and using bert and transformer . next meeting will be in 14 days ."}
{"src": "( rudolf ) tom\u00e1\u0161 is online ? ( david ) tom\u00e1\u0161 is online , yeah . ( rudolf ) ok . so i take this chair . ( david ) yeah . we can not , we can not meet in the meeting room - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) because , um , because there are - ( rudolf ) yeah . what is it there ? ( david ) ( ? ? ) . i don\u00b4t know what is it . ( rudolf ) ok . um , so you ( ? ? ) . ( david ) ( ? ? ) people . no , i only like excused that i\u00b4m interrupting and - ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) and this is it . ( rudolf ) like it should be ( ? ? ) i don\u00b4t know when i shouldn\u00b4t go back and ask like what\u00b4s that cause we like should use the room . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) like it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s not people from our floor i think so ... ( david ) yeah , it\u00b4s not - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ( ? ? ) so - ( rudolf ) hm . i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) they are not discussing something connect to this building . ( rudolf ) hm . i don\u00b4t know . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) maybe it\u00b4s the physics slowly overtaking , um , our - communal space . ( rudolf ) yeah , i don\u00b4t know . so what do you think ? should i just go there and ask or should i leave it for now ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , i would leave it . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) yeah , let\u00b4s leave it for now and we , we - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we need to solve it somehowe because i , i , i also heard , um , cyril brom on friday that he would like to do the testing on , in that , in that room so - ( rudolf ) he has a testing room . ( david ) he has a testing room but he , he , he , um , he said that there is a not- , not air conditioing in his room - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so he would like to use that air conditioning because - ( rudolf ) ah , ok . yeah , yeah . ( david ) so that , that\u00b4s sure then cannont - i don\u00b4t know . so - ( rudolf ) ok . like temporarily , yeah . that i can just ( ? ? ) . ( david ) temporarily , yeah . i , i think it\u00b4s fine but we should - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) we should have , um , schedule somewhere . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . well , we do . but they ignore it . ( david ) they ignore it , yeah . but , yeah . because i heard , i heard that he , he ask david obdr\u017e\u00e1lek - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but then he dissapeared so i can not - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) tell him anything about it . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) and that , that also we , we would like to use that room . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) so ... ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) so we should , we should - ( rudolf ) we should have a talk a bit . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ok . um , so the first point of this meeting . um , we , we will need reviewers and we should choose - um , haji\u010d told me that we should , ideally we should choose three reviewers and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we , we should , um , we should let them know and we should have the confirmation them that , that they are , they would review our book . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and then , then haji\u010d would choose two of them and oficially ask them to review our book . so - ( rudolf ) so what kind of people should it be ? like - ( david ) outside - ( rudolf ) ( ph . d . ) , doctors or ? ( david ) it wa- um , he didn\u00b4t specified . only , um , hm , hm , hm ... ( rudolf ) ( david ) ( rudolf ) ( david ) ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so do you have anyone , ruda ? ( rudolf ) hm . so do we want like , like good people or , or lay people or ? ( david ) yeah , i think some- , something , something in between that . yeah . cause for example i , i could ask ( ander segan ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i , i think he is too - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) too , um , how to say it . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . so we could like ask people like , like ( anes ) give us some of his students maybe or some , some ( ? ? ) ( david ) i , i don\u00b4t know what it be , what it be , we - yeah . i can , i can ask ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) because i think he is - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah . we could do that . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but i don\u00b4t , i work for him . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) for , for - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) so i think - yeah , i think the google not be so greats so to ask like some super cool professors cause it will be waiting there ( from ) my point so , um - ( david ) yeah , i can , i can ask , um , haji\u010d , wh- ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what better they should to be like - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) docents or - ( rudolf ) yeah , like - ( david ) associates . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . so i expect probably they should be at least doctors ... so let\u00b4s try that like some , some young post docs could be good reviewers i guess . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . specifically i wouldn\u00b4t ask anybody here in munich because i think the opinion of the group is , is , is that , that , that probing doesn\u00b4t make any sense and , and our people that do , don\u00b4t have any real results claim that they are probing the models . ( david ) ok . and do you , do you have anybody else that they , other research group or ? you know ? ( rudolf ) to we can look at the paper ( ? ? ) and - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) just ask ( ? ? ) still be team and - ( david ) or we cited most if - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we could ask him because we would like - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) we\u00b4ll be happy that we ( ? ? ) - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) belinkov . ( david ) yeah , we can ask belinkov , who , who is he from ? um ... ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know . ( jind\u0159ich ) mit . ( david ) what ? ( rudolf ) what ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) mit . ( david ) mit . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) but we don\u00b4t , we don\u00b4t know him so we , we don\u00b4t know what , what he would say - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) if he - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know if , if he will be officially assigned by , by professor haji\u010d and , and , um , he will say that , that book is like - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) bullshit . i don\u00b4t know what it be , what to do then . what do we - we can choose another one or - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , i\u00b4m pretty sure heinrich sch\u00fctze would say it\u00b4s bullshit . um - ( rudolf ) oh , come on and let\u00b4s do that . ( david ) ( ? ? ) it is but maybe - ( ? ? ) goes through reviewers - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) it\u00b4s ( ? ? ) bad . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) and on the other hand it , it shouldn\u00b4t be anyone what who might work closer right now i guess . ( rudolf ) well , that\u00b4s we don\u00b4t know either . like how , how grave the conflict of interest is . ( david ) i don\u00b4t know . haji\u010d only wrote that , um ... they should be independent . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) but that means that they should be not from \u00fafal and possibly not from czechia . ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ( david ) ok , so i , i can ask him . ( rudolf ) yeah . like of course it\u00b4s easy to ask people that we know - because we know them so - but maybe it\u00b4s a conflict of interest . conflict of interest . ( david ) aha . ( rudolf ) so haji\u010d says to not what ( a regerest ) about conflict of interest . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) so probably it can be people who we know . i don\u00b4t know if it at least like shouldn\u00b4t be people with whom we alter papers maybe . but since we\u00b4re call ( ? ? ) in dependences - we are call throughs with half of the nlp people . i don\u00b4t know like about some past doctoral students of \u00fafal where you that ok or not . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) like i don\u00b4t know nathan or - ( david ) ( ? ? ) nathan . who are the past students of \u00fafal who - ( rudolf ) nat\u00e1lka . ( david ) nat\u00e1lka . luk\u00e1\u0161 ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) and then he says they shouldn\u00b4t be from czech republic so does it mean like we should originally not be from czech republic - or now they shouldn\u00b4t be in czech republic or never . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think that you ( ? ? ) with more details or - i think we want to go for it or like lowest possible - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , someone from slovakia . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( ? ? ) that\u00b4s a great guy . i don\u00b4t know how much he speaks english actually but - ( ? ? ) . or the , these , these bulgarian\u00b4s guys , um , p\u00e9\u0165a and - ( david ) p\u00e9\u0165a and ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . like - i think we would get very nice reviews from them . ( david ) where do they would understand our book ? ( rudolf ) well , just really don\u00b4t matter . i don\u00b4t know . like if we think the book will be good maybe should get good reviewers cause they will give us good feedback . if we will think the book won- , won\u00b4t be good anyway so - we shouldn\u00b4t just bother with good people i guess . ( david ) so we can - maybe we can ask if we have the book ready we can ask someone to review the book and send him the book and ask , ask him to do you think this book is ok - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and if you think would you , would you be the reviewer ? ( rudolf ) like we ( ? ? ) is so first if you think it\u00b4s ok - only if you think through that you should be reviewer . i think it\u00b4s not independent . ( david ) yeah , that\u00b4s right . that is - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) i know - ( david ) like what , what you mean by - yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i know tuns of people so i can ask a lot of people but - i just need to know like some rules like more , more details . so where you at should be at least a doctor , whether it should be someone with knowling to czech republic or i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) ok . so i , i will ask , i will ask haji\u010d what , what - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) where the ... ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . i don\u00b4t know what\u00b4s ( ? ? ) in our situations anyway so - ( david ) ok , so it should be less , less strict then for , for , um , for the reviewers of disertation so but you can have check reviewers of disertation . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) like - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) non \u00fafal , from outside - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) maybe not in , maybe only outside ... the our faculty . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) so i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) ok , so - i guess , yeah . ( david ) yeah , i can - ( rudolf ) you should try to ask haji\u010d again and ... ( david ) i can , i can ask pavel kr\u00e1l , he\u00b4s , he\u00b4s my friend for years . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) he\u00b4s best bohemian . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) he\u00b4ll definitelly say , ok , this book is great . and he is , he is associate professor so - ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , we could ask , um , what\u00b4s his name , um ... jel\u00ednek . ( david ) jel\u00ednek ? ( rudolf ) ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) ( david ) ok , so , um , what we have in the agenda ? nothing else . so let\u00b4s go to - what is new in the book . ( rudolf ) yeah . if anyone push anything in the morning ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i did . ( rudolf ) ok , so i shell pull and make again . did you fix the missing figure ? ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i did . ( rudolf ) great . ( david ) i think i have the version from which is one hour like old so it , um , should be updated . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) um ... i can share the screen . where is it ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i fixed it immediately after you , you wrote it , or probably not . anyway i , i fix it immediately after i turn on the , the computer in the morning . ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) which was like 7:30 or something like that . ( david ) ok , so i , probably i have the current version . ok . ( david ) today , today i , today i went through the all book , um , i , i haven\u00b4t read it all but just skim , skimed it like parts and i , i read the pre- , preface which is very , very good . does jind\u0159ich , jin- ( rudolf ) yes . ( david ) you , you wrote it\u00b4s jind\u0159ich . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , i did . ( david ) yeah . yeah . i think this is , this is great . um ... i , i skimm the , the first section . ok . so then we have the notable models . so that , that , that is , that was written by jind\u0159ich and ruda or , or only by jind\u0159ich ? ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . i think there are two sentences that i copied out from - from ruda\u00b4s text but other words is through the ( know ) by me , i guess . ( david ) so it\u00b4s word- , word2vec , um , rnn\u00b4s , transformer . transformer is very short . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , because everything is explained . ( david ) everything is ready in , um , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) the , the only thing i say , you take the transformer encoder and transformer decoder which i described in section 1 . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) 1.3.2 and , and that\u00b4s it . ( david ) yeah . kove , elmo and bert i suppose . great . and gpt is missing so that\u00b4s what , um , i suppose gpt should be there , here as well . ( jind\u0159ich ) um . ( david ) so do you think ? or it shou- , it can be - ( jind\u0159ich ) ( ? ? ) that , you don\u00b4t have the latest version by the way there\u00b4re like four more paragraphs about bert . ( david ) sorry ? ( jind\u0159ich ) um , that you don\u00b4t have the latest version but it doesn\u00b4t matter . ( david ) you - i don\u00b4t have the latest version ? aha . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah , the image is still missing so you don\u00b4t have the latest version . ( david ) aha . ok . yeah , so probably my morning was earlier than jind\u0159ich\u00b4s morning . ( rudolf ) yeah , so you wrote already something about gpt ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no . but i almost finished writing about bert . ( rudolf ) yeah , ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) and the ( ? ? ) or - ( david ) so should i - ok . um , yeah , i read this interpretation and i , i think that , um , there should be something like introductory , introductory paragraph to this . um , because when i , when i , when i read it i , it post like , um , bigger step for me . maybe it should be - so this , this was written by tom\u00e1\u0161 , yeah ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , yes . written , well . ( david ) maybe some introductory , um , ok that neural networks are like black boxes we don\u00b4t know . there are , there are plenty of parametres and we don\u00b4t know nothing about it and we would like to know what , how about their behaviour and , um , um , or is , it is here ? yeah , it is , it is in the to do , um , so ( ? ? ) black boxes , we need to interpret them . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) because there is - yeah , there are , there are so far there are many to does , so there is not , not much text . so i don\u00b4t know how , how much text you are planning to write there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i don\u00b4t know either . i\u00b4m like - i think it would be at least 3 pages . maybe more if i have time to read , um , the paper are in to do section . ( david ) yeah . maybe i , i , i , i would restructure it in the way that first i would write , ok , so these so all , all the methods , al- , all the , all the architectures we described in the previous chapter are very complex and , um , vital like black box and we need to interpret them and then you can - um , you can ask , what is , what is really interpretability may- but , but anyway you - yeah , these tell like to , um , transparency or post hoc interpretation and you will use the - we will , we will , in this book we will use the post hoc , post hoc interpretability so - um ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , i will do that . ( david ) yeah . or if , if anyone of you have another , um , idea to do it ? ( jind\u0159ich ) no , no , no . this is fine . ( david ) yeah and then - yeah and what is , what is probing , um ... so maybe we should , we should , um , write here about , um , what are the , um , the methods we will use for , for interpret- , um , interpretations because , um , ok , the probing originally it was for all the post hoc interpr- , interpretation methods . it was like , it was the synonymum of the post hoc interpretation . um , but then , um , this is mainly meant as , it\u00b4s mainly meant as , um , classif- , as a classifiers . so maybe we should somehow distinguish the methods we will , we will use in our book . um , so what about for example i don\u00b4t know sup- , supervised and unsupervised ? or how to would - if it is not probing what is it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , would you , um , for in senses hear it and manning paper when they do the projection , um , ( up the stace ) su- , such that there\u00b4s which are close an independency tree should be closed in a vector space . do you call this probing or no ? ( david ) i , i would , i would call it probing because they , they\u00b4re like training the , the metrices . so they are training the parametres . um ... is it all , this is only linear projection but it is something ... i don\u00b4t know . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , but it\u00b4s not - it , it\u00b4s still a classifier . ( david ) it\u00b4s not a classifier but yeah . ( rudolf ) they call it probing , yeah . ( david ) they , yeah , they call it probing but yeah , you are right that is not classifier but there is , something is trained there . so , yeah , it\u00b4s not classifier because it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s training for , for , yeah , for the best distances that are , that , that match the , the dependency trees . so , yeah , this is something in the middle , yeah . but , but ok . if , if he , if he would , um , if he divides the metod to supervised and unsupervised so this probing would be supervised because it is a training on some , um , gold data . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes , um . ( david ) ( ? ? ) , um , the pta and , um , what tom\u00e1\u0161 is doing on word embeddings or , um , like the attentions , um , gettig , getting the dependancy tree from attention metrices or this is rather unsupervised or because we are not training anything . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , i would probably say that we understood probing as supervised . ( jind\u0159ich ) um , what about the thing that you ( upgold birth ) it and , and the best paper from the last year ( nackled ) it . um , they , ( ? ? ) , um , just mask some words in sentences and looked , looked , if , if ( bird ) is capable of , of filling the gaps in tactical correctly and the paper from ( nakl ) was similar for multimodel translation there were masking words and , and wor- , and observing if the model can recover the missing words from , um , from the image . is that probing ? ( rudolf ) no . ( david ) i wouldn\u00b4t say it probing . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) both , both of the papers call it probing by the way . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) aha . ok . so , so do you think it , it should be , um , like the , the different methods like , like general method should be here in this chapture or ? ( jind\u0159ich ) probably , yes . ( david ) because , because later , like the attentions are , it is like , um , mainly not probing where ( else ) the , there\u00b4s ruda\u00b4s section is mainly probing so , um , it can be described in that chaptures as well . and tom\u00e1\u0161 in , in like the how it is called . um , neural language model embedding , so embeddings ... um , here in the methods are - there is not much probing here i suppose . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . well , not yet but there should be . ( david ) ok . so , so maybe , yeah . maybe the , like the methods in general should be described , described here after the , um , after the , like the introduction to interpretation . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think it , it should be descripted here in the section , yeah . ( david ) yeah . because - yeah . what , what is - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) what follows is the hidden states ( grape ) on ( insto ) input words , which is , which is - so this is , this is copied from , from your , um , this is still text copied from your , um - ( rudolf ) probably ... ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah , yeah . this is from ruda\u00b4s chapture . ( david ) this is from rud- ( jind\u0159ich ) it\u00b4s - first into the - ( david ) yeah , this is , this is , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) models and then i , then i moved it here . ( david ) yeah , this is the text that - yeah , that is very , or not very similar but it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s described as same as - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i described in my part and so it should be probably here because it is common for all the , all the fa- , at least for our two , our two attention and contextual - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and representate parts . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . for word embeddings it doesn\u00b4t have this problem . there is only the problem if you have subwords . i don\u00b4t know if we talk about that somewhere . ( david ) um ... ( rudolf ) like that - yeah , we\u00b4ll talk - we need very to representations but we usually have subword representations . ( david ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know . me , yeah . i , i will go through my text - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) maybe it is there so i - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) i can copy part of it to here and then we , we\u00b4ll somehow to mentioned . ( rudolf ) yeah , so we - so i don\u00b4t know . do we agree on , on what probing is ? or we should probably not like define it , we should rather probably discuss that there is like in general idea of probing in the sense of just looking for something and then some people understand it in a more specific way of training - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) and classifire . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i think we shouldn\u00b4t like define it here we should rather review how people use it truly and what they can mean by that . ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , that , that we still use the word - ( david ) if we , if we will use it in our text then - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( david ) we should , we could at least define not like , not maybe definition but we should say what we mean by the def- , by the probing and ... ( rudolf ) hm . do we have - what , what do we call it if it\u00b4s not probing ? is analysis ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) not probing . ( rudolf ) and there is lot of stuff which is not probing . like going shopping . ( david ) also some of the probing is not probing . so we can interpret a neural networks by going shopping . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . we could talk about unsupervise probing when it\u00b4s not trained . i don\u00b4t know if anybody uses such a term . ( david ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know will unsupervised analysis or - yeah , it is analysis . probing is analysis as well . ( rudolf ) cause - yeah . ( david ) like unsupervised probing . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) so ... ( rudolf ) yeah . so some people call it probing when it is - ( tomasz ) featchures analysis . ( david ) sorry ? ( tomasz ) featchures analysis . ( david ) yes . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah , but , yeah , but the , but important is that is , is unsupervised . ( tomasz ) hm . ( david ) because if you , if you probing for parter speech text it\u00b4s also featchures analysis maybe . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . and you can probe for parter speech text like by really training the classifier . ( tomasz ) hm . ( rudolf ) or you can just do some clustering or you can do key nearest neibourghs . i think that somewhere that they do key nearest neibourghs , well , maybe one nearest neibourgh even , so it\u00b4s not trained but it\u00b4s a classification . ( david ) ok . i have some notes here but i can not read them . ( rudolf ) ok , it\u00b4s secret . ( david ) yeah , this - we already discussed that . ok . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um ... ok , so who is , who will write this , um , like that , this distinctions ? or this definitions ? or this , this , um , um , types of methods ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm ... well , i can start with something and then you could all read it and then we can disagree and see where it goes . ( david ) yeah . if , if you , tom\u00e1\u0161 if you - yeah , you have many , many no- , like interesting papers here so , so you plan to include them ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ( david ) ok . and when ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) as soon as possible . ( david ) so , ok . so yeah , also - or maybe i can , i can write a bit about , about the , about the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( david ) about the ( recurrent ) methods and y- , you can write about , you can , about , um , like the , um , from these interesting papers if there is any interesting things to add . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) at least the first two i think should be added there . the rest it\u00b4s not so important . ( david ) ok , so if we - ok . so and then these , it should be also here the hidden states coresspond and input words because it\u00b4s common to , to out to that the following sections . so , um , so i will , i will , i will move there some text of mine and , um , you\u00b4ll , you will match it somehow . yeah . and i , anyway i will need to rewrite my , um , my introductory sections about it because there is , there is a lot of common ( ? ? ) and - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) um ... ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) i think like , um , yeah , i\u00b4m not sure actually . i understood that like first we should have all the content somewhere and then we can merge it and move it and - ( david ) yeah , of course . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) of course . ( rudolf ) so - ( david ) yeah , first - yeah , if you don\u00b4t have all , all your content - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) of first writed content . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so that we have , yeah , only information at least somewhere . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) at least on time . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) and yeah , and see . so because we have the deadline for , um , for all the content - ( rudolf ) end of june ? ( david ) um , the next , it\u00b4s next week , yeah ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) yeah . next tuesday . so next tuesday all the content should be there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok . ( david ) so stories from the neural networks . so tom\u00e1\u0161 , what do you , um , what are your plans with your , um , with your chapter ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) sorry , what ? what are my plans or ? ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , my plan is to write and write and then it will be written . i don\u00b4t know , right now - ( david ) this is starting , this is starting like language model before neural networks and neural language models and i don\u00b4t know where it this should - maybe this should go to the notable models . um , doesn\u00b4t it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , maybe . um , yeah , that i\u00b4m ... i , i think that i will like merge this with notable models in the end . ( david ) because if we had a section about mod- , notable models i , i would , i would start , um - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) vector - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i think that - ( david ) ( ? ? ) things and these are rather like description of the , of the models . like 4 , 4.1 and 4.2 . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah and some , some of what is , um , in 4.1 and 4.2 already is in the notable models so i will have to delete it and , yeah , just say that you should look in to the previous section . ( david ) you don\u00b4t need to delete it , you ju- , um , maybe there is more information here so just - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , um , merge it . yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . i , i avoided speaking about any interpretation , i just technically decribed how the models look like and how they are used in nlp tasks . ( david ) so i , i think - ( jind\u0159ich ) so all - ( david ) um , starting by thre- , 4.3 , um , like the ... ( jind\u0159ich ) 4.3 . ( david ) we side like the skip gram and the , and the aritmetic , um , vector aritmetic and the , so this , this , this , this can be , this is an interpretation of , of - ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) so it may , it may start by this , um , like the word analogies on , on word embeddings . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) i would say . that , that\u00b4s my opinion . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) if you have another , please say it . um , ok , so this is , these , these are word analogies . then , um ... um , so glove ... i\u00b4m sorry i , i haven\u00b4t read this part today so i don\u00b4t know what is put in . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , this is , um , unfinished text about glove . ( david ) but it , it is that glove is - so it\u00b4s only des- , description of glove or it is , um ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , als- it\u00b4s mostly interpretation . ( david ) ok . ok . so then the visualisation . which is ( ? ? ) and ( ts ) , ( tsn ) , nice - ok , then component analysis and ... so you plan to include , include your , your results of component an- , of pca ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes , pca definitelly . maybe ica , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) so it , it\u00b4s still lot of , lof of text here is missing . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . also lot of images are missing . ( david ) so , so basely please add it there . at least , at least copy , copy the text from the papers so that we know how much and what we have there . so that we , we have all the , all the content there , um ... ok . so these are the , um , unsupervised nmt . so that\u00b4s ... ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . hm , hm , hm , hm . ( david ) what is it ? or i , i know what is it but what , what\u00b4s that in the , in the paragraph ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , this is just a basic description and i\u00b4m actually not sure if this is going to stay there because i don\u00b4t really know if there are really interesting papers like interpreting unsupervised nmt . hm . ( david ) ok , so this is probably be , be deleted . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) and sentiment it\u00b4s , yeah , it\u00b4s from your , from your papers . and , um , the gpt ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , again i\u00b4m not sure . maybe i will just you know delete this section because i think that there are more , it\u00b4s more interesting to look into attentions in the transformer architecture in general than to interpret word embeddings which even aren\u00b4t there . i would just you know the simplifying , i would just concentrate on word embeddings in this chapture and leave this generative models . ( david ) ok . ok , so please in the next week do the ... . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) all the deletions and all the deletions and , um , move the - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) deletions mostly . ( david ) and add it then and mostly additions . yeah and all the , all the figures , um , add . add them there . no matter format . so , so that all , they , so that we know what it , what is it going to be there . and so we can see what , what - yeah , we can see the contents , um . ( jind\u0159ich ) by the way is , is anyone going to talk specifically about the gpt models ? because if not then there is a question if , if they should be - ( david ) yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) in , in the notable models . ( rudolf ) i mention , um , some gpt stuff but i don- , i don\u00b4t yet know if there will be anything ( ? ? ) like , yeah , some of the contextual embeddings , probings , also probe gpt . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) and say something about it . i just don\u00b4t yet know whether gpt is special in some way so that we need to go in to detail on it . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) but i very probably will mention some results that are on gpt . ( david ) yeah , i , i will also , i have also have one , one paper ( monday ) analyse the , um , analyse the attention , um , attentions , attention way of gpt\u00b4s and they - yeah , so i will mention it as well so - but - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) yeah , so i would let it there so far and we , we will see but yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , leaving it there means writing it . ( david ) because it is not , that is written . ( jind\u0159ich ) no . ( david ) aha . so maybe ... ( jind\u0159ich ) that i , i , i can write two or three paragraphs just , just briefly say that , that is a language model that , that it\u00b4s a transfor- , transformer without an encoder . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . i think , yeah . that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s probably reasonably , like nothing too detailed , um - ( david ) yeah , not to spend to much time on it - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) it\u00b4s like - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) two paragraphs about gpt and then we will see whether how much we - ( rudolf ) hm . yeah . yeah , that sounds good . ( david ) ok . and then there is the , in debiassing . so tom\u00e1\u0161 you , do you plan to write about this debiassing thing ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . ( david ) so , so far you , it is like one paragraph , like four , four lines . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , right now it\u00b4s just one paragraph . it will be longer . there is a figure somewhere . ( david ) yeah , the figure is - yeah , here is a figure . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . so i want to write enough to like explain this figure at least . ( david ) ok . dog is barking . ( rudolf ) who\u00b4s dog is it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) also , um , at the end of the chapture i would like to show you some images which i was planning to use but now i\u00b4m not really sure if - if i can , if i can . so there is a link in the discussion on the left . ( david ) where ? discussion on the left ? ( rudolf ) what discussion ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , events . i don\u00b4t know . it\u00b4s on the left . ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) - ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) under the lsd pexip . you can click the message thing and there\u00b4s a link . ( david ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) or i can share my screen . ( david ) ok . so let\u00b4s share your screen . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( david ) ( jind\u0159ich ) it\u00b4s a green rectangle . on a white background . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) wait the minute . wait a minute . um , um , um , ok . now . now do you see yourself on my screen ? ( david ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yes . ok . well - ( david ) i\u00b4m at least three times there . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) here on the left you can click events and you get the link here . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but i can also just click the link and show you . right . ( david ) ok . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) but there\u00b4s , there\u00b4s this image . that\u00b4s from glove web and there are these bands . these are embeddings . like every column is an embedding and , and the most frequent words are on the right . and it shows these bands and they claim that other embeddings have similar structure . so i tried that and i did word2vec on the czech national corpus and i took fasttex the , that was trained on czech wikipedia - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and word2vec looks like this . ( rudolf ) so there is nothing ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there is no bands it\u00b4s just noise . fasttex looks like this . there is a - ( david ) there is one band . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) one band , maybe more bands . but then - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) there\u00b4s much , much less noise than in the original image . and now i\u00b4m trying to train glove on the czech national corpus and it was running overnight and then it failed . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so now i\u00b4m reconfigured it and i\u00b4m trying again . so , yeah , i don\u00b4t know what to make of it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) like - ( rudolf ) hm , well ... we could just include the , the images and show that the embeddings different but i don\u00b4t know if we know why or ? like - i , i would , would for including it but yeah , i\u00b4m not sure what to say about it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) tdddd . um . ttttm . hm , hm , hm . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) the glove website says that the horizont to band result from the fact that mul- , multiplicatly interactions in the model occure component wise . ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and - ( jind\u0159ich ) have you idea what that means ? ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they say that - ( david ) we write the book for mark\u00e9ta . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) they say that this featchure is not unique to glove . in fact i\u00b4m annowere of any model for word vectors learning that avoids this issue . ( rudolf ) so we\u00b4ll see once glove finishes for you if , if you get it at least for glove . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . then right the - i\u00b4m , i\u00b4m not sure why are they calling it an issue but anyway they\u00b4re saying that all the models should have this property and i\u00b4m not really seeing it in word2vec and the fasttex this strange . ( jind\u0159ich ) and it\u00b4s trained on english . that to , the two plots you showed it\u00b4s english , isn- , isn\u00b4t it ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) um , no . like ok . ( jind\u0159ich ) it\u00b4s czech . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) that\u00b4s other ( scheme ) . ok , the , the original plot is on english , this is on czech . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so , but like that shouldn\u00b4t really matter , should it ? ( jind\u0159ich ) i don\u00b4t know . ( rudolf ) so we should try it on english as well , i guess . if it\u00b4s not much work . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , i\u00b4d like to do that and that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s , the other question is what data should i use for english . ( rudolf ) wikipedia ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . well , yeah , that was boring , but ok . i don\u00b4t know anything better actually . ( rudolf ) hm . we have one , one wikipedia . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , what reason that we don\u00b4t see the bands in czech could be that similar , um , that forms of the same ( lema ) got similar embeddings but the forms are of different frequences . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm , well , but still if you look at the original image - which one is it ? hm . here . you can see that some of the bands spent almost the whole vocabulary . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and i\u00b4m only because i\u00b4m lazy and computers are lazy as well i\u00b4m only doing it for the 10000 most frequent words , so the bands should be even more pronounced here then in this in , in - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) in this - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) this image . so i\u00b4m only creating like the right most part of this . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so the band should be clearly visible . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . you can try down- , downloading some , some already trained embeddings for english and , and have a look how it looks like . it should be easy . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) ok , yeah . ( rudolf ) just ( now ) you can download fastext embeddings trained for any language . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah , that - these are actually this strange image is from fasttext embeddings that i downloaded , um , and that were trained on wikipedia - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) and this is for czech . ( rudolf ) so you didn\u00b4t train this ? ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) no , i didn\u00b4t train this one . i trained to word2vec and now i\u00b4m training hopefully , i\u00b4m training glove although - it looks the same before . it takes lot of time and then it suddenly says , i don\u00b4t know , zero lines processed and - well , we will see . also i got an email that i\u00b4m approaching , um , the quota on , on - what is this ? ( elnet ) splash ms . ( rudolf ) yeah , so you can move it else where . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , bu- , i\u00b4m also approaching my quota on ( elnet ) splash ( spack ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) so i\u00b4m like need to go through my files , find something that\u00b4s not usefull anymore and delete it . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know - ( rudolf ) you can move that to ( elnet ) dep ) . i think the depo is maybe without quota . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) yeah . i don\u00b4t know how - ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) things for experiments right now but you don\u00b4t want to delete it yet . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) i don\u00b4t know how but i somehow manage to collect like half of terrabyte of data and ... ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) oh , yeah , you should clean it up then . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) on ( elnet ) list spack and i have a lot of , yeah . so that\u00b4s what i\u00b4m doing right now . ( david ) ok . so ... yeah . yeah , for my , for my chapture - yeah . i will need to rewrite , rewrite the introductions and yeah . yeah , i , i still , i will lot of , lot of , um , contents to write so ... um ... so let\u00b4s , let\u00b4s keep it maybe , maybe ruda , um , can talk . ( rudolf ) yeah , so - ( david ) the last what , what he has - ( rudolf ) um ... ( david ) well , i will share my screen . ( rudolf ) i ( will ) not , yeah . ( david ) share my screen , share my screen . yeah , and . . ( rudolf ) yeah , you have it there , yeah . yeah . so i , um , didn\u00b4t really change the , the beggining of it . um ... yeah , i\u00b4m rearranging , um , the ( stop ) , um , here a bit . basicallly i\u00b4m now working on integrating stuff from other papers . what i work on now is , yeah , ok , i added some things here . yeah , i , i don\u00b4t know how to structure thing like , yeah , grammatical error correction . so , um , yeah , like they , they did probing for the task of grammatical error correction but i structured it by , not by the probing task but by the abstractions that you looked for . so i\u00b4m not 100 % sure like ok what structures do you look for when you look for grammatical error correction . so at the moment i have it under semantics . it\u00b4s probably rather a syntax but , hm ... ( jind\u0159ich ) did do they show any examples of the errors ? ( rudolf ) yeah , they do 17 tasks in this paper so i think they don\u00b4t say much about the task but probably i will have to see what they do , like what they refer to - ( jind\u0159ich ) ok . ( rudolf ) to understand ( ? ? ) what it is . anyway , yeah , what i worked on now is , um , this thing ? yeah . um , yeah , this , this section . so how is the , um , information distrubuted across layers of rnn and transformers . and so this is kind of , um , how it say , model section how i would like to have it so , so to say how the things work and then just add the citations to the , the papers that say it . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) how , how many layers did be great in the rnn only ? ( rudolf ) 2 . ( david ) only 2 . ( rudolf ) usually 2 . ( david ) ( ? ? ) , yeah . ( rudolf ) some probings they have more . so kove and elmo are defined as having 2 layers . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) and then usually when they compare it to bert and some probing papers then they try it let\u00b4s take 4 layer elm- , elmo , 8 layer elmo and let\u00b4s see what happens . ( david ) yeah . so , so for this maybe , maybe of the first layer captures all these linguistic abstractions and the second layer is for like just task specific one . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) like you , um , i think i was some second layer so where you know from , from many - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) layers are there because - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) that - yeah , i know fr- , that from bert . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) like first , first half of the layers are like - ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , yeah . ( david ) um - ( tomasz ) the second is rnn . ( david ) yeah , these are rnn but yeah , but - ( rudolf ) hm , yeah . ( david ) it doesn\u00b4t matter . ( rudolf ) yeah . so yeah , i should explain that more i guess . ( david ) yeah , it seems that there aren\u00b4t many - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) there aren\u00b4t many layers . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . usually not . yeah . yeah and then for , for transformers i even tried to like , um , make to bullet list of , of the findings of how information is distributed in transformers . i know obviously like all the findings come from i don\u00b4t know like there are 5 different papers that basically say the same thing so i just tried to choose one for each claim . i , i\u00b4m aware ( you ) just to repeat all the papers that say it or - ( david ) oh , yeah . so this is all , this , all this things are like belinkov do just embeddings . ( ? ? ) , aha . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) only you . i know . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so like initialization morfological abstractions there are like 10 papers that find that - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) that , that morfology - ( david ) it\u00b4s maybe - yeah . ( rudolf ) comes in the first layers . ( david ) this , this maybe somehow aligned to the , to the , um , like attention , attention ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) cause there are also like the initial layers are like , um , ( ? ? ) looking at the next . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and this is like the morfological things . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) then the , the , um , the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) in the , in the half of the , of the layer , um , like the , in , layer in the middle - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) there are mainly capturing syntactic thins and - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) then there are some coreferential links as - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , like , like coreferen- , um , um , the layers of the attention heads which capturing the coreferent- ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) coreferences . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) so it maybe somehow ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . um . ( davdi ) it\u00b4s open . ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) um , yeah . so , um , yeah , what\u00b4s somebody said is that , um , yeah , they , they talk about like the locality of , of the representation so basically that yeah . in the , in the first layers you guess things they are more lokal like morfology , then constituency syntax and then you get like long ran- , more long range stuff like dependency syntax and then you can get through some semantics , coreference where you kind of need the whole sentence . so i guess that similar to the attentions . that , um , like theoretically even in the first layer you can look anywhere in the sentence but in practice it seems that it\u00b4s more like convolution like so that the deeper layers have a wider ( spen ) . so , so this is probably something you already say in the attention , um , attention chapture . ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) and i can just maybe refer to that . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) and we know that , yeah . um , it gets less and less local so , so , um , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s kind of related to that . that\u00b4s nice . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) about this distribution information that i ( ? ? ) like thing - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) visualizations , um , for actually most different transformers . ( rudolf ) aha . ( tomasz ) um , but , and it\u00b4s only - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) for syntactic information . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) it say ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) hm , but that\u00b4s nice . that\u00b4s nice . so yeah . um , it would be very nice to include . yeah , i think it\u00b4s exactly this picture here . ( david ) so this is , this is , this is your figure ? ( tomasz ) yeah , it\u00b4s my figure . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . that\u00b4s very nice . hm . so the , the darker it\u00b4s more - ( tomasz ) yeah , the darker is better . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( tomasz ) so this is like it\u00b4s always normalize . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( tomasz ) ( says ) like the best car is - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) because they do ( sources ) probing - ( rudolf ) hm . ( tomasz ) so the ( ? ? ) are better and the those are , um , like , um , yeah . ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( tomasz ) so just extracting tree - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( tomasz ) from random attentions . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( tomasz ) and , um , sorry i can not show you yet . ( rudolf ) hm . you can just - ( david ) you can , you can - um , you can show them like - ( rudolf ) on the ( ? ? ) . ( tomasz ) you have - if you have the paper in the - yeah . it is - i don\u00b4t know whether it\u00b4s like really visible . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . it\u00b4s - ( david ) i think it\u00b4s - they can , they can see it . ( tomasz ) ( ? ? ) show . ( davd ) it is - it\u00b4s , yeah , very nice figure , colorful . ( rudolf ) yeah . it\u00b4s like old style way of sharing screen . ( david ) ok , so don\u00b4t , don\u00b4t hesitate to include your , your - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) your nice figure into our book . ( rudolf ) yeah . so that we , we know that it\u00b4s - you have the - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) yeah . you have the rights to - ( tomasz ) yeah , yeah . just i need to find the , the best place because it can be like for probing - ( david ) just - ( tomasz ) and that can\u00b4t be for - ( david ) put it , put it somewhere - ( rudolf ) ok . ( david ) so that we know that we have , we have this figure . ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) and so - ( tomasz ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah , i think - yeah , yeah , so this , this is really - yeah , this should be show in abstraction across layers so i think it fit here nicely . ( tomasz ) ok , ok . ( rudolf ) yeah and , and fortunately that\u00b4s really the section that i , i was working on now so it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s in a good shape already rather - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so i tried to - ( david ) maybe , maybe i could , i could do as , um , similar , i could do the similar figure for this , like different types of , um , of attention heads across layers as well . ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) so like distribution . not the abstraction , but distribution of like , yeah ... ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , like different patterns - ( rudolf ) hm , hm , hm . ( david ) of , of , um , attention heads . ( rudolf ) hm . hm . ( david ) and it would be , it would be similar because at the end , um - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) the first layers are looking at the , an adjustement , um , position and at the end there are looking at like , like - ( rudolf ) hm , hm . ( david ) ok . ( rudolf ) yeah . i tried to do something like in the sense like the , the ( teny ) paper they have , um , some kind of nice but weird figures , um , where they tried to show which is , what , what\u00b4s where , so , so their probing does some attentions over the layers . so when they probe for morfology so in , into which layers it looks . so when they probe for name entities into which layers it looks . um , so i definitely can not recreate the , um , image . i could kind of copy paste it from the paper , i don\u00b4t know . um , so but , but i tried to interpret in , in this table so , um , they take the 20 ( ? ? ) ( birds ) and this is kind of an estimate from their groves like on which layers do these abstractions and merge and then , um ... yeah , the last column is ( rewrite ) just interpreting the , the image so it\u00b4s the ( desolution ) rather ( peaks ) or is it kind of flat that is everywhere across - ( david ) hm . ( rudolf ) model layers so ... it\u00b4s kind of stupid without the image i guess . but it will be better if we have the image for , um , for , at least for syntax i guess . ( tomasz ) but you can\u00b4t include like their image and size of ( ? ? ) . ( rudolf ) yeah , i can but kind of jind\u0159ich and tom\u00e1\u0161 i think said that we want to kind of avoid including other people\u00b4s images in general . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm , hm . ( rudolf ) like we can do it and we can just say , yeah , this is just copy from there . but they said , yeah , it will be ugly , which it probably will i guess . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) um , i - well , i don\u00b4t know if we can some whole extract it in a , in a good quality from the pdf . i , i don\u00b4t - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) i can just like copy , copy it with , with the pdf viewer tools , um ... ( david ) no , you , you can , um , you can simply , um , open it or import it into inkscape . ( rudolf ) aha , ok . ( david ) and then ( degroup ) - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) ungroup . ungroup it . ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) and use on that image . so it is possible . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , you can , you can open it in inkscape and , um , if you , if you ( willish ) to extract the paper from , um , do the image from the paper , you can save it , um , as a , as a pdf with text , um , in , in a ( latech ) format . um , which means that all , all the text labels , um , will be saved in a separate , separate tix file and , and you will include the tix file and what will happend is , is that , that you have a pdf without the text . and , and the text will be ( rendered ) during compilation so it will be the same font as , as we have in the book . ( rudolf ) yeah . if , um , the image , the original image in the paper is , is not ( relikely ) on image but , but the produced somehow within ( latex ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh , or even if you export , i don\u00b4t know , a pdf from matplotlib or , or , or , or g- ( rudolf ) ( ? ? ) the image in the paper so i don\u00b4t know whether the numbers and text are text and numbers ( ? ? ) or just an image . i didn\u00b4t try so i have to see what happend when i open it in inkscape . ok . i can try and we can , we can always delete it . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i just - um , yeah , doesn\u00b4t know what , what , what\u00b4s a good ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) there , there are ( ? ? ) if , if you can select , um , the , the , if you can select the text in , at pdf with your , with your mouse then you can export it . ( rudolf ) ok , i\u00b4ll see . um , i take just a note . ok . ( david ) ok . so , um ... ( rudolf ) um ... ( david ) anything else ? ( rudolf ) i think , yeah , that\u00b4s , that\u00b4s kind of what i did . yeah , um , yeah . so yeah , so , so yeah . what i tried to do here , yeah . so we want to know in which layers what is and in the paper they have like three different ways of , of saying this and always it gets different results because it\u00b4s hard to really say it so i just tried to interpret it somehow but - ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( rudolf ) that\u00b4s probably what we kind of want so we want to interpret the findings of other people , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah . ( rudold ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i guess , yeah , i didn\u00b4t do much more , yeah . ( david ) ok , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) can - can you rename the very last section of your chapture so that is not conclusion so we don\u00b4t have like several conclusions after each other ? ( rudolf ) um ... i don\u00b4t know . um , i removed some of the other conclusion so i think we now have just two . now we have to put in a summary so we don\u00b4t actually have two conclusions anymore . ( jind\u0159ich ) oh . alright . ( david ) that was also this conclusion of your chapture ? ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) so , yeah . so i , i actually - yeah , this , this is what i tried to do so - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) if you now look at the - where is the contents ? yeah . so my section and ( there is ) the conclusion and there is the summary . so it is - ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( rudolf ) kind of good to me i guess but ... ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) yeah , i think it\u00b4s good . ( jind\u0159ich ) well , it\u00b4s then a question is if , um , if you have a conclusion if , if all the other chaptures ( sure ) have a conclusion as well . ( rudolf ) well , i don\u00b4t know . i don\u00b4t know if i will - ( david ) i , i can have a conclu- ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) i can - ( rudolf ) but tom\u00e1\u0161 deffinitely have a summary at the end of his chapture . ( david ) ok . i have nothing but i can , yeah , i can have a conclusion . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) well , i - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) i don\u00b4t know what i do have there . ( david ) i , i also conclude something . ( rudolf ) yeah . like i think it\u00b4s not a bad idea to , to just summ up like the main findings . ( david ) yeah , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) ok . ok , great . so i , i suggest , um , i will , um , maybe i will create a table . who is , who is going - what is , what is missing so the - what is missing in the , in the book and who is going to write it . ( rudolf ) hm . yeah , like for me it\u00b4s really thi , this to do sections so - ( david ) these , these are through the - maybe you , you can , you can add to the table - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) um , everything we will , we would - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) have or should - ( rudolf ) hm . ( david ) you don\u00b4t have . and , um , if you are , um , if you are write- , if you , where you write it you will just ( ? ? ) that it , it\u00b4s finished . ( rudolf ) yeah . so , so - ( david ) so that we know - ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) that it progress because we have last week - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah . ( david ) to , to write it . ( rudolf ) yeah . ( david ) um , yeah . ( rudolf ) so , so my to do . yeah . yeah , i want include all the papers in my to do section but like i have to look into them and see if they add something which i still don\u00b4t have there and is imporant and if so then i will add them . and then like , like this , this merging of the information so that i , so that is not like just a review of the papers but it\u00b4s extract information - ( david ) yeah . ( rudolf ) and , and present it nicely so ... ( david ) yeah , but first - ( rudolf ) yeah . yeah . ( david ) we , we , we should have all the content - ( rudolf ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( david ) ( be on ) . so i , i will , i will go through , through the book on- , once more and i will , i will wri- , write that , um ... i , i will create the table , um , of missing things and who should do it and yeah . so that we , we know . ok . so anything else ? ( tomasz ) so - ( david ) yeah . try to , try to think about the reviewers . ( rudolf ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) hm . ( david ) i will , i will ask professor haji\u010d and ok . so see you next week . ( rudolf ) yeah . meeting is the ( at what ) time , i don\u00b4t know . ( david ) yeah , meeting , um , we will it scheduled . yeah , stop ( ? ? ) . this was - ( rudolf ) what ? ( david ) ok . yeah , so 11 ? ( jind\u0159ich ) and what about the meetings in july ? there is this on , on 13th of july then we have - ( david ) yeah , 13th of july because the week before i\u00b4m not here and it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s the acl conference as well i think . ( tomasz ) it\u00b4s on ( ? ? ) . ( jind\u0159ich ) no , it\u00b4s the week before . ( rudolf ) 6th to 10th . ( david ) 6th to 10th it\u00b4s acl , acl . ( jind\u0159ich ) yes . ( david ) and i\u00b4m not , i\u00b4m not here and i\u00b4m , i will be outside the any internet connection and , um , yeah , so - ( jind\u0159ich ) good for you . ( david ) so we will - yeah . so we will , we will see the next week what have and we can , yeah . ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( david ) because it , it\u00b4s , it\u00b4s tuesday and then , yeah , then it\u00b4s monday , the 13th it\u00b4s monday . so it , it\u00b4s in - ( jind\u0159ich ) yep . ( david ) it is in the 13 days . yeah , it , it\u00b4s easy to - compute it . ok . and the next meeting would be , i don\u00b4t know whether . how you are here in , in july but , um ... i , i think we will , we hav- , we will , we will see . ok . so , so but , ok . the next meeting is t- , um , the next week and then we will , we will see . ok ? ( jind\u0159ich ) alright . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) hm . ( jind\u0159ich ) have a good day , bye . ( rudolf ) thanks . bye , bye . ( david ) bye , bye . ( tomasz ) you too . ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) bye . ( david ) ( rudolf ) ( tom\u00e1\u0161 ) bye .", "tgt": "need to be selected 3 reviewers . ask haji\u010d on details about reviewers . everybody said what\u00b4s new in the book . every chapture can have conclusion . create a table of what is still missing in the book ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi chiara , hello . hello , does it work ? ( ch ) hi ondrej . ( o ) yes , it works , ok . great . yeah , so sorry for for being late . but yeah . you found the link . ( ch ) going to re-share everything with with ivan . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) i see ivan on the call . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( ch ) ok . and this might work . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah . internet work is low . i i 've disabled my camera . just to save the bandwith . ( ch ) sorry . ( o ) yeah , i 've disabled my camera to save the bandwith and i do n't see you anyway . but that 's not a problem . ( ch ) oh i hear you really really bad unfortunately . ( o ) oh . ok . ( ch ) i switch off my webcam so maybe it dispers . some bandwith . ( o ) yeah , that 's strange because my connection seems ok . ( ch ) ok , yes . maybe it 's mine . well , i share also the pexip link with dario , he should join us at some point . hopefully . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . so i 'm sending the e-mail . and i forgot to mention the pin . but i just send reply to that e-mail . ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) yeah , i 've i 've shared- ( ch ) ok , nice i see your-i try to go out and re-login just to try to fix this problem with my internet connection . ( o ) it could be my issue as well , but i i can hear you very well . i just do n't see you i see some bad image . but i i hear you very well . so maybe it 's my upload . i do n't know . ( i ) oh well , i can hear ondrej , i can hear you very decently . ( o ) yeah , like ok . ( ch ) ok , i hear also ivan pretty bad . maybe it 's just my . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) just a second . ok . ( o ) yeah ( ? ? ) ( ch ) oh i hear you much better . i change the ( ? ? ) ( o ) ok , yeah . ( ch ) nice . have you seen the ( ? ? ) document for the demo ? ( o ) well , i 'm i 'm just open it . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) so i can browse it now . i have n't ( ? ? ) before hand . ( ch ) ok , i 'm going to check the ( ? ? ) ( o ) and i need to fill the doodle which i'm-only sangeet , yes . so we specifically need surely kit and also edinburgh . so someone from kit and someone from edinburgh . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) so maybe tyson will be probably the the karlsruhe person . and then- ( ch ) yeah , but we do n't know tyson does n't appear really often . ( o ) no , no . but but he if if-i mean he , but he response up to e-mails pretty quickly . ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) so he should- ( ch ) ok , nice . ( o ) but maybe maybe he 's not receiving the the general elitr e-mail . i 'll check . contact , distribution list , elitr , project , yeah yeah yeah . so we do n't have tyson here apparently . no , yeah , he 's there . tay tay nguen . yes , so he is receiving that the elitr at ufal mailing list . so tyson- ( ch ) ok . we will prompt it here ( ? ? ) directly of this call . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ch ) and the from edinburgh . barry ? ( o ) so , maybe phil would be the- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) because it 's phil is usually responding and also the the slack for that is like we always use a slack when the session is running . but we do n't use it normally for the for the arrangement like when to start and so on . so . but . yeah . so i 'd say phil from edinburgh and then ma- we need to make sure that everybody will be on slack during the demo itself . ( ch ) hmm mmm . ( o ) slack to be used while the demo is running . is there a way to make a link directly to some slack channel ? ( ch ) mmm i do n't know . ( o ) yeah , that 's , exactly . ok . so monday seminar setting . screensharing . yeah , yeah , so exactly . so the demo input , i think everybody i 'm going through to do list . and i think that the set of the languages it should be all we have at the moment . but the main question is which should be the input language and in the call they karlsruhe said the german would be ok for them . so i think we should be ready for for german source . ( ch ) ok , nice . ( o ) and like double check with them but ( ? ? ) if they if they now realize that german is a bad idea then that 's now a problem and we switch to english as the source . ( ch ) ok . i 'm going to adds this one . german as input and english as back up . ok . well , and translate it in all the available languages are we sure ? ( o ) yeah , i would say so . why not ? it 's , what would , what could be the problem ? ( ch ) i do n't know . do we have a tested the machine translation , well the speech language translation starting from german to so all the other possible languages ? ( o ) so it goes via english of course . and what we have tested several times is from czech into english and then from english into the other languages . so we have not tested- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) with german source , i agree . but i kind of trust the german to english karlsruhe model . and i the the english to everything is the best that we have all the time . like it's- ( ch ) ok , ok . ( o ) we should we should double check the target languages and and make a clear warning to alexandr with romanian is not to up to our standard so to say . ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) so so alexandr is romanian . and we have- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) romanian speakers , there are some in , or there used to be , some in edinburgh . so we should probably do demo run and we should ask some romanian people to to check . so that would be another question for for the edinburgh people . ( ch ) ok . ( ? ? ) for the 2 check the unders- ( o ) yeah , yeah the quality of- ( ch ) yeah , i i did n't know how to to formulate it . ehm . ok . do we have romanian . ( o ) and the romanian speakers that we know about . no , ok . so we do n't have-we are not aware of any romanian speakers . ( ch ) ok . ok , write write- ( o ) map of colleagues who can speak some romanian or some languages . we have this ufal language map . we do n't have access to any any romanian speaker . ( ch ) no , we have but would you like we check with some romanian people- ( o ) yes , if you can-yeah . ( ch ) actually we do not have a sources . romanian sources . but you you told us that maybe the uedin have . ( o ) they used to have . but- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) that 's like a year and half ago . when that colleague defended her thesis . and i 'm not sure if she 's if she 's with edinburgh or not . i 'll actually e-mail her . i 'll try to find an e-mail . if i have it . yep , yep , yep . but i have only her edinburgh e-mail . ok . so i 'll try . so i 'll ask if if she could review that for us and i 'll e-mail you . can you check . and i 'll copy actually sangeet as well . who else should-so i think that for mari-her name is mariana desde . and i 'm thinking who should be involved in the testing . maybe phil then as well . because there should be like one session that she would watch . ( ch ) mmm mmm . ( o ) translation of probably german speech into . yeah . so i 've i 've asked her and hopefully she will be able to to check this for us . i have no idea . so we 'll see . so that 's it . so that 's we need we need to choose the date for the demo itself . that 's the doodle pool . i need to fill it for myself . we really should run a pre-demo session . and we can run it when we are available . and also we should run it when maria is available for the second like . possibly at the same time or at some other time . ok . and we need to choose the the source , here . ondrej ask maria which date . define demo input . yeah . what demo input . so can you pick something or . ( ch ) yes , actually i 'm little bit worried about the domain of the input . because actually we need something that performs ( ? ? ) . first of all-asr . ( o ) that 's right . ( ch ) and i do n't know . actually we as let 's say , as as project we have to prepare something related to the eurosai congress . ( o ) yes , that 's right . ( ch ) but i do n't know if we have actually real data or not . or if the ( ? ? ) prepared or not . ( o ) yeah , that's- ( ch ) usually- ( o ) that 's very good point , so there are . what we have is some youtube videos that are already consecutevely translated into czech . so we have one czech-german video . i 'll try to find it . data . youtube . youtube channels . youtube selected . translation , german , port view . ( ch ) often the the training data are from ted talks . but also european parliament sessions . and maybe also an european ( ? ? ) session like the something that looks like a congress let 's say . but is perfectly in domain , i do n't know . i do n't know , we have to ask first to to kit to for the germany asr- ( o ) sorry , i 'm loosing you now . because i 'm , this is . what is this language . ( ch ) we have to ask to kit the domain of their asr . ( o ) yes . i 'm now checking the video . but this is all english , it was supposed to be german . so google is very good . and it would be hard to compete with google . so that 's why we should pick really something which is not in english . because google 's asr so-possible idea 's , well concerns . and that 's domain match with our systems . yeah , possible ideas . so this is . ( ch ) ok . let me check it . ( o ) this is a german speaker . but he speaks english . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) google is too good on this i guess . so i thought that it was-actually this is strange , dutch-i 'll double check again . so this is another one would be part of the elitr edible slt test set if i 'm not mistaken . my ball , yeah . so i do n't i hear anything . speaking . that 's again ok . that 's still again english , yeah . i see . so i will-youtube channel . we had some which was german . so how about how about going for italian source . would that be risky ? how is your- ( ch ) yes , it will be risky . because we never test the italian asr together with everything . ( o ) that 's right . yeah . how do i get-if i know a channel id . ( ch ) if the problem is to search for german videos , well do n't worry , we we can do it with within this week we can search for something , do n't worry . ( o ) yes , so well . we already have some link and that 's why i 'm trying to revive some of those . that 's probably it . you see view . the channel id has changed . strange . so here 's to me , this is just-aha . mmm , google is great also also for german that 's too bad . google is very very good . so this is . ( ch ) well , you you test it several times ( ? ? ) ( o ) we could . ( ch ) actually you have tested each monday for several weeks . ( o ) most of these were actually in english . so it were , there were few more sessions in czech than in english . but it was like native speakers of czech speaking english . but . yeah , so doing doing czech would be also-german text . google also already pretty good . that 's too bad . and i 'll actually list the . so this is the channel . channel of german sai or of austrian sai . and for . so this is something which you could choose from . and i 'll also check that the czech one . so czech . there 's is so difficult to- ( ? another _ language ? ) yep . oh they have 22 subscribers and 50 videos . that 's a plenty . so there is like 3 minute video . so czech 3 minute and 10 . ( ? another _ language ? ) so just a second i 'll get someone some paper . so so here are some czech videos . there is a channel of the supreme audit office . some of the videos are in english and some are in czech . ( ch ) yes , but- ( o ) so there is there are very short like 1 minute . they 're really very very short . there is , yes . 5 years , there is 40 , there is 46 minutes . so lower in the list . there is a conference of 5 years of some reform or whatever . yeah , so so now i 'm checking one of the random longer videos . the 4 minute one . and that is the the person is is like slipping , his tongue is slipping . like i do n't know the english term for that . so that 's probably to that 's something to choose from . if we really . these are probably the best sources because we do not directly compete with google . ( ch ) yes , but we have to check the asr performance . ( o ) yeah , yeah . we have to choose something which which seems to . ( ch ) transcription of those videos to . ( o ) say that again , sorry ? ( ch ) we do not have the verbal transcription of those videos . ( o ) no , no . of course not . but that 's the point . like it 's , it would not be fair to to include it into language model i think . ( ch ) the performance . is required . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . so if you wanted like the exact evaluation . yes that . so if we-i think the point of the demo is to show how it runs when it runs . like . ( ch ) ok . that 's definitely fair . ok , ok . we will search for other possible ideas , of course . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) in focus on the german ( ? ? ) languages- ( o ) sources . yeah . ( ch ) sources , ok . ( o ) who 'll present the demo . yes . i can . so the location . like the location if we 'll be remote . so how do we do it ? ( ch ) who will run the pipe ? ( o ) who will run the pipe , yes . probably us , i agree . yes , yes , yes . so probably . ( ch ) i thought about this parts actually . we have to think about how to share also the audio . with with project officer because actually sharing the screen is fine in order to let him see the results . but sharing the audio might be a little bit more complex , unfortunately . ( o ) so what are the options . we actually need-so it should be like remote call . and then one of the participants should be the machine which place the video . for everybody but then . ( ch ) yep . could , yes . ( o ) but then we really need to check that the machine is strong enough for that . because it will be both like watching the video-yes , so this is something for sangeet to test . so to test for sangeet . so run the video in youtube . so so connect 2 machines . that 's it , so . connect 2 machines to conferencing platform . run the youtube . so . so 1 is for you to talk to others . the other one needs to be good enough to run the video in youtube . send the audio to the conferencing platform . send the audio to the complete subtitling pipeline . yeah . ( ch ) do we ever , ( ? ? ) conference single platform ? to be used for the call ? ( o ) no , we can choose anything . so i do n't know which is the most light weight . so pexip should be ok . ( ch ) ok . ( i ) pexip is this one , right ? ( o ) yes . but we need to book it obviously . and we can also use zoom but zoom was kind of heavy . so yeah please talk to talk to sangeet . what work best . so far . so i 'll actually . sangeet . please check which conferencing platform is the lightest for this . obviously we should avoid any videos transmission . only the sound and only out going . yeah , so i've . will . who will start the pipeline . after may 11 . so actually the restrictions in the czech republic are are getting easier and easier . so i think that we should be able to meet after may 11 . it 's actually a date in one of the recent regulation by the government . ( ch ) ok , nice . ( o ) so ( ? ? ) test . yes , exactly . so the test , test , test , test . i totally agree . yep . ( ch ) well . ( o ) so what else ? i think this is it , for for now . yes . so please make sure that everybody agrees when when to make these tests . ( ch ) i i hope maybe will be able to schedule ( ? ? ) check with my agenda because ( ? ? ) are really crazy . ok , maybe we can mix some more tests tomorrow with sangeet . i i i will ( ? ? ) sangeet in order to start checking the first things . ( o ) yeah . so today it-yeah , today it 's 6 , sangeet is still probably helping vil\u00e9m another colleague of mine , the uni hack . the hacketon i may- maybe i have mentioned it maybe not . we are trying to do remote subtitling for hacketon which run over this weekend in like only the plannery sessions . which run in the czech language this this last weekend . and today is the closing day so the already closing session , if i 'm not mistaken . so from tomorrow on word sangeet can focus on the demo . and there is no other session planned except the demo , so he can really put all his effort into that . ( ch ) ok . i read about the hacketon in your e-mails . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) ok . i think that for today it's- ( o ) ok , great , great . so thanks . i 'll fill the doodle shortly . but that 's not important , most important are the other and the tests . ( i ) yes . ( o ) ok , great . thank you . ( ch ) ok , thank you ondrej . ( o ) thank you , bye bye . ( ch ) bye bye . ( o ) bye bye .", "tgt": "choosing person from kit and edinburgh . choosing the language . romanian language . german asr input . czech audio on youtube . who and where it will be run . which platform will be used . cooperation with sangeet . hacketon subtitling ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello , does it work ? ( f ) hello . ( o ) yes , oh , ok , it actually works so i i do n't understand this . so were able were already connected for the last few minutes or not ? ( f ) yeah , i was connected . ( o ) yeah , ok . so it , because did n't seem like connected . ok . so . yes we we have we are still waiting for chiara . so one thing that i did n't finish writing in that comment in the google doc is the question about from you about the cheating . obviously i would not pretend that fo- the the cheating with having the language model over fit for the particular talk . obviously we would not be pretending that we do n't have this in , but it would be a nice contrast to show one session which has that the speech available . as in a former language model and one session which does not have it . so that there is very often the situation where the speech actually prepared well head of time . and all the like the speeches sometimes even given by someone who has not written it . and in that case the it 's fair to have that speech within the language model of the system . so it 's good good to be able to compare . so how far are we felix from from using some language model over fitting for a talk ? ( f ) as far as i know for the for the hybrid asr model it 's possible to adapt the language model and . now i 'm i 'm not super sure what we 've done before in this topic is often to go through the transcript and add words which we which we do n't language model as is and we can have those words in language model . i do n't think that they do like re-training of language model to that specific the match the the same structure- ( o ) to the engrams . ( f ) yeah , i i do n't think that they usually do that but tyson would know the details about that . ( o ) yeah , so please activate tyson on this so that we could als- if i do n't know what what is it 's capacity . i do n't know what is the the circumstances of your offices . whether ( ? ? ) ( f ) that 's that 's not a problem . the problem right now is that apparently some sort of catastrophe has happened and then in the server room . a yesterday when the when the workers were saying to fix the power they were saying this would take between 5 and 6 hours . today the power is not up and they 're saying it will take all day today and tomorrow . so in in in a classic construction fashion they appear to have fix it worse . so sebastian is is in communication with them right now . i imagine quite angry . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) and i mean probably we should we should determine some sort of time at which we you know pull the parachute and say we have to postpone the meeting because we do n't have any asr workers . ( o ) so we have so we can run our own , we can do czech sure . because that 's so sangeet please confirm . we can do czech for sure , and we have the english copy of kit model here . but we do n't have segmentor , aah that 's the problem . ( f ) yes . ( o ) i i do n't hear you , are you muted ? ( s ) so in worst case we can use peter 's asr and my segmentor . ( f ) but are we- like ( ? ? ) postpone the demo or to give a demo with like worst case scenario workers and very restrictive set of languages . ( o ) so i think the set of languages is ok . so we can from czech asr . and we have the segmentor for czech which we have tested before . so that is reasonable . but we would not have the german input because we do n't have any german asr . and for the english with the with the segmentor of ours it 's not as good as your is . so that 's that 's a clear drawback . ( c ) ondrej . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) good morning . ( o ) morning , morning , yeah , sorry . ( c ) do you think that it will be so so bad to ask for a re-schedule of the demo which since actually we will not be able to show all the power of we add in editor models of asr and machine translation . and i think ready , the project officer i i really like the the czech demo actually . but i think that we will not be able to fill one hour and half of demo just this kind of input . ( o ) yeah , that 's right . yeah . so that 's . ( c ) it 's actually a definitely a good good thing to say . well we do not have a control over power outage of servers and . ( o ) we should have some like ( ? ? ) plan so to say . we should have a set which is resilient to that . so i see that as , like regardless whether we ask for postponing or not . i see this as again a very important like lesson . imagine that this would have happened during the congress itself . and it is possible that this could happen during the congress . so we really need to be we need to have backup plan for one or two sides going of power . ( c ) ok . ( o ) so i know that the there is when the corona virus was starting and when when they were not sure whether the whether to like how to handle the congress when they were still considering to run it . they already had and i think they always have a plan to have replacement building so so in case someone like some there is a like bomb alarm they still have chance to to put these 400 people elsewhere . so we have we need to have the same thing . so so about the deadline for the parachute plug or so on . will sebastian let you know immediately after he learn something from the workers ? yeah , so like when . i think that we , if we want to postpone the demo , we definitely need to send the e-mail by today say 2 in the afternoon . ( c ) well , we can also tell alexandro if he prefer to see just the czech or to have a - ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so let 's i think i think that would that would look better . because that would document that we 're not like using false excuse . it would say that we have one site problem and we can show limited demo . because i imagine it could be firmly difficult to find a slot for all the participants . and also how much do we need to postpone that so by how much ? ( c ) well actually it depends based on . ( f ) i wish i could give you an estimate but it seems like the estimate ( ? ? ) from construction workers . optimistic . ( i ) i would say volatile but i will not want to use that word so postpone ( ? ? ) . ( f ) yes . ( o ) so when when is the construction going to be over because- ( f ) the construction it will be for another year . ( o ) oh , ok . ( c ) yeah , but the power outage . ( o ) yeah , yeah because like we are experiencing also network failures . like 2 days ago serious one . and that 's because there has been a building completed for our department our school of informatics . and they are now changing the network so that the other building is also like connected , fully connected with with the machines there . but often they misconfigure things and we loose our connectivity like fully . so that that has happened in the last 2 days as well . and they they keep touching thing these days . so , but that 's there is equal risk as i see it for tomorrow as for 2 weeks from now so i do n't see any difference in that . there could be- ( f ) there is a risk , there is a risk 2 weeks from now but there is a definitive power outage right now . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) as far as having some sort of back up location we can not duplicate our server infrastructure elsewhere . it was very difficult even to get a second server room that we can expand . it is not possible within kit to get another server room and to have some some sort of ( ? ? ) . ( ? ) we could- ( f ) i mean i do n't know i can discuss with our server admin maybe we can move some like some of the essential servers to the to the other side . so at least we have some basic servers running but i mean that just moves the critical infrastructure to a different failure point . you know the power- ( o ) yeah . ( f ) ( ? ? ) building . ( o ) and that involves like moving a server is half a day . so . ( f ) yes and and the real problem with that is we we do n't have physical access to the server room - we want . in the other building , in a old server room it can go whenever we want . the other building is very strict about that , only the it admins from that building are allowed to open the server room , they have to be there all the time as we have to actually schedule whenever we need to go in and press the button . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( f ) so , and i 'm not sure that that will increase the reliability of our system . ( o ) so i think that we need to replicate your your workers elsewhere . i think that tyson has already prepared a docr machine for segmentor , has n't he ? did that happen ? yeah . ( s ) yeah , so i did have ( ? ? ) for the segmentor and we have a start alone machine here dedicated only for segmentor because our machine did not support docr . but i spent week and i spent almost like more than a week in starting the segmentor and its dependencies but i i never ( ? ? ) successful . ( f ) really ? what what did we send you for the segmentor ? do we just send you like a zip ( ? ? ) because that does n't need any dependencies . ( s ) yeah you sent a zip doc . so it failed during installation , there were some issues with- ( f ) oh i remember going back yeah i i seem to remember that conversation and you were trying to build ( ? ? ) . ( c ) well , if it 's if it 's just a matter of servers , of course pervoice can make vailable some ( ? ? ) web server . but it 's not something we can start in half a day actually . ( o ) yeah , i was hoping that this this should be able to , so so sangeet . i 'll probably go outside because we have 2 microphones here . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so we have 2 microphones in the same room and that 's not good idea . so i think that it should be easy enough to deploy a docr on ( ? ? ) server . so i think it 's really should be doable within a few hours so half a day . but ( ? ? ) so what what there be an option that the zip image that sangeet has from tyson would be simply forwarded to pervoice and pervoice would get this segmentation worker running . because that would solve it . we would not have the german asr but we would have the english good segmentor and we would have the czech . ( c ) i can make running our ( ? ? ) server , pretty fast i can grant you also our ssh access to it . if you give me your public ip . so that we can restrict ssh just from your ip . and but it will be a completely new server so you need to install docr and all the other things by yourself . ( o ) so felix- ( c ) and then make it running and configure it properly i think it 's not that fast . but if if you ask it i will start it . ( o ) so felix , what do you think ? ( f ) ehm , so i checked , because right now i could n't send you a docr image even if i wanted to . because- ( o ) you do n't have it . ( f ) servers are physically off but the docr image which i sent to sangeet was uploaded to google drive so . that link ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ok . if you would like to make this kind of test at least i 'm just going to ask permission in order to run a new control machine . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) meanwhile , please , test with sangeet the czechs demo , please please please please . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so my question was now on ivan whether there is any update for the autoplay or not ? if there is any chance to have it . but obviously the autoplay is nice to have feature . ( i ) eh , yes , ok , so . the autoplay is definitely it 's impossible we can not the web up in conti based on on the simple player which depends on your browser . what we can not with is i have , ok sangeet already has a copy of a script i posted . the idea is this . instead of playing the video exactly ( ? ? ) is on youtube ok we we already add to process it in order to to make it faster to the stream , ok ? and additional ( ? ? ) step is to prepare to the video a 5 seconds of a clip , it 's a clip . it right now is 5 seconds it is it 's a parameter so we can change it . it 's it shows the literal logo for 5 seconds . during those 5 seconds people connecting to the demo will have to refresh and refresh the page on the publication platform and then click play . they have 5 seconds they all should manage once they click they are all sort of ( ? ? ) with the everything else . the playlist is already playing on the on sangeet side so the streaming is already ongoing and the the transcript is also going and all pipeline is going . ( o ) yeah , ok . so i think it 's good idea so the the solution is that there would be an image shown and i think that if this image if the first frame of the video contains also like instructions that remember to click play and then remember to- ( i ) going to be shown on the subtitles ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , but the image , the image could also include arrows like where you should click . ( i ) aaah . ( c ) please . ( i ) ok , it took a whole day just to have the logo . ( o ) oh . whole day . ok . ( i ) i mean , i do not i must rest i do not know anything about fm peg about video editing and stuff . ( c ) exactly . ( o ) ok , so i 'll have a look what what is available . i though it 's easy . ( i ) ok , the scripting relies on a single static image if i can edit that image- ( o ) yeah , yeah , exactly . this is what i meant , this is what i meant a single static image which has these arrows . ( i ) arrows spotting down i guess . ( o ) yeah , yeah . no animation because remember the image will be shown static . until people click play . so it has to be static . the information - ( i ) yeah , ah . ok , this is somewhat doable . ( o ) ok . ( i ) ok , i can work on a ( ? ? ) . despite all of this once we have the image the whole proce- there are 2 steps of the recording so the actually it takes let 's say 50 minutes to run video so ( ? ? ) for the demo itself . ( o ) yeah . ( i ) so and this this is time sangeet 's servers has to run it because there is no way for us to share the video and code it right so . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) guys . ( o ) yeah . ( i ) have to download the video again and run this processing . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( c ) which , guys sorry . which kind of operating system do you prefer on ( ? ? ) machine ? santos is fine for you ? santo 7 . ( f ) i mean probably we have the problems if the docr contains running the same system as the as the host . which is 18 0 4 i think . if that 's possible . ( o ) so sangeet can you confirm that the machine where we tested the image his was ubuntu 18 0 4 ? can you log in there just to check ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , i can log in definitely . ( f ) also our our machine is ( ? ? ) machine and the docr image ( ? ? ) i do n't know how well docr works when you 're running a different ( ? ? ) ( c ) she not be a problem but for me is the same . ( s ) it is open to ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) l lts . ( f ) 18 0 4 8 ( ? ? ) ( c ) ok . i 'm going to prepare the virtual machine . just please send me your public ips in order to grant you ssh access to the virtual machine ok . ( f ) can i send you a public key ? ( c ) i think yes . yep . ( f ) i would prefer that . ( c ) oh no no , because actually there is a kind of firewall in front of this kind of virtual machine . we have to . i i have to check , i check it . ( f ) i do n't have a static ip . ( c ) yeah , i understand exactly . ok . let me let me check it . meanwhile please test the fall back solution just just the czechs one . ( o ) yeah yeah , so . sangeet please let us know whenever we should . ( s ) so obviously we we can test ehm english and german right now because we do n't have segmentors for english . ( o ) no no , but czech czech input . ( s ) yeah so for czech i 'm connect with dominik and he 's helping me with fixing with mt wrapper . ( o ) so so let us know whenever this- ( s ) yeah sure sure i 'm just connect to him . ( o ) so in the meantime there we still need to prepare the slides so i 'll i 'll be doing that . if you have any- the link to the slides is already in the document . and if you have any work plans like future plans to be mentioned in this demo at the end of the demo session , please put them there to the slides . so create , feel free to create new slides there . this would be particularly i would expect karlsruhe to mention something , for example the asr end to end systems . and also edinburgh if they have any end to end slt experiments or plans . ( p ) we should probably ask barry to take a look . ( o ) yeah . there is so far nothing in this slides and if you add something then make sure that you know how to comment it during the live session . so i i can try commenting myself but there should be someone to step in in case like more details are needed . but this would be very vague these these people would be some of them would be probably technical people but some of them would be simple like potential users of of our systems i guess . ( f ) yeah so the question is even how how useful is talking about end to end asr ( ? ? ) mean to the users . ( o ) well it i think it is useful to if we can illustrate it then it is useful . so the what are the main benefits of end to end asr . ( f ) right now works better . ( o ) does it work better in in the word error rate but it 's that 's still offline set up and not online . and it 's not well connected with the segmentation . so i think this is this is easy enough message to to present . because people understand that the offline and online use can be different and if we have a system which is better in offline mode it is very good idea to try to to also adapt it for the online use when we want it . so . yeah . so chiara i 'm sending you the 3 , and also felix in in copy , the 3 machines that i came up with with static addresses from which will be mostly connecting . ( c ) ok . ( o ) but if you actually could allow the whole sub network then i think that would be safe , so . ( c ) i i probably will rent ssh well i have to reason about it . but do n't worry . ( o ) so it 's - so the first 3 numbers in the ip addresses are all the same so allowing all of them would would be safer . so sangeet what are we waiting now for ? what is what is the current problem ? ( s ) current problem is mt wrapper . ( o ) so what has happened with mt wrapper ? ( s ) i do n't know so . it 's pretty messed up right now . and dominik is helping . there is just like just one little bug which is ruining the complete pipeline . when the czech is getting translated , into english . because english is the pivot language . ( o ) and how come that we did n't have this problem before ? ( s ) because we were using mt cash . ( o ) ok . ( s ) and it was like super ( ? ? ) . mt , mt wrapper is quite , it 's complicated but it 's very sophisticated . so in all to effort it it need some time . ( o ) and can you go to the in the meantime , do you still have the older set up so that you would launch it with the older set up ? ( s ) older set up . ( o ) so this i suggest that you have like various versions of the script . and the older set up would be using the mt cash not mt wrapper . which does n't suffer from this broken pipe problem . ( s ) and if- is like i 'm really regularly ( ? ? ) the script , so it 's difficult to ( ? ? ) . ( o ) no , but whenever you have something that works , give it a name and do n't update it and do n't touch it . from that point on words . we need to have a version to to rivet to . ( s ) yes , i agree . ( o ) so felix , are you in the meantime , you have located the the google drive link , right ? so whenever you get access to that to the machine , you can get you can try to get the segments running , right ? and we 're waiting for sebastian to let us know whether the power will be on during today . so phil , how is your model , so can you , in the meantime tell me some details about the models that you have been training and you said that something new will emerge today or . ( p ) ok , so i 've been training models for each of the 7 source languages the asr source languages . ehm . the translate into as many of the eu and eurosai languages as i can get data full . so that 's pretty much all of the languages apart from like 2 or 3. when there 's no data in ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and it 's a single model for all the 7 inputs and 43 targets , right ? ( p ) ehm , 7 models , each have a single source language . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( p ) and translate into roughly 40 target languages . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( p ) so the trained on ( ? ? ) from ( ? ? ) . so in the models i used in first year there was a cap for million sentence pairs per language ( ? ? ) remember . so i removed i removed that cap but because obviously there is a lot small data for some language pairs and others . i 've used smoothed distribution sound put with them for the smooth distribution . and the same with sub ( ? ? ) . so for some language pairs it 's over ( ? ? ) like open subtitles data . for example so we try to balance ( ? ? ) . the english version is fine tune on ( ? ? ) of the sentence pairs . kind of similar to what kit do but it 's a simple ( ? ? ) when we do n't use ( ? ? ) . but i do n't need on that for the english version of that . ( o ) yeah , and these are now deployed as workers . ( p ) ehm , so the english and german are deployed as workers on setting setting the czech one up right now . ( o ) ok , yep . ( p ) so hopefully within the next maybe half an hour will be live . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) the others i could set up- ( o ) i do n't think that 's necessary . ( p ) ok . ( o ) and the older ones are still available as workers , right ? so sangeet can choose . ( p ) well actually they 're they 're configured and they 're like ready to deploy but they 're not running . we kinda sure on gpus at the moment , so if if we would it would be nice to have them running as back up i guess . but i may have to ask some people to experiments . ( o ) yeah . so yeah . so the thing is that we have not really evaluated this models and i find it a bit risky . to to just test them live . ( p ) right , right . so yeah the the english one is the model what was used in the edible slt submission . so i mean we 've test it yet . in that setting . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) yeah the other hopefully the the other models perform as well . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) but there not tested . ( o ) there is there is there is a big risk that well someone will just mess up the fingerprints . and if we 're still so much fidling with the set up it can happen that we 'll be translating from the wrong language . or so . so yep . problem is that at the moment really can not can not do anything because we 're waiting for the segmentor . ( p ) yeah . ( o ) so phil you have sent the translations of using- there was using the older models , right ? ( p ) no , this is using the ni models . ( o ) ok . but you still mention that something , ooh ok . yeah . so maybe , no you can not deploy these even for the translation because you do n't have any gpus at the moment right ? so you can not translate the files with the older model just for comparison . ( p ) ehm , hang on , let me let me take a look ( ? ? ) . ( o ) because mohammad is now or will be running blascores over these and comparing also to matu\u0161 . ( p ) ok , ok . ( o ) but again this this blascores would be full segment based and not the partial segments and the impression can be different again so . ( p ) ok . so actually we do have couple of gpus free so . ( o ) yeah , take them . ( p ) so i could n't run everything at the same time but i can run your test sets through them one by one . and send you the outputs . ( o ) yeah , yeah . i mean i mean deployed as run it as a worker , right ? the older model as well . ( p ) yes . ( o ) but the critical question is whether the fingerprint differs , so that there is no confusion which model is being used . ( p ) yes . yeah , the fingerprint is different . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) yeah , so we have we have at most mt workers running at the same time in the past . so yeah we 've come up with ( ? ? ) fingerprints . so they the each have unique fingerprints . ( o ) yeah . so i see chiara is sending the . ( c ) yes , the ( ? ? ) machine is up and running at the moment ssh access is allowed to everyone . with the password . i will change this of course . but meanwhile please check if the it 's what you 've expected . it 's the correct operating system or not . in order to become root sudo minus i and the same password , ok ? ehm . it 's it 's good virtual machine and i will switch it off after demo ok ? otherwise dario will kill me . ( o ) yeah . thank you . ( c ) no worry . i hope this this will help us in order to accomplish access for demo . ok . tell me if it 's the correct operating system . it 's it 's ubunto ubuntu 18 0 4 lts . ( f ) yeah , yeah that 's it . ( c ) i have n't found configuration for also dot 4 , but i think that is just a minor . ( f ) yeah , that should n't be a problem . ( c ) ok . another recommendation . this virtual machine has been deployed in the let 's say elitr production infrastructure we have ( ? ? ) is the the one where we run also mediator and presentation platform . this means that actually you can reach also the other machines . please do n't . please do n't , access just this machine . i i tell it because you will you will be you will have the power to become root . and this could be- ( o ) a disaster . ( c ) yep . ( o ) so i 've manage successfully to log in and but , well i do n't have the the files and i have never really work with docr , so felix can you step in ? does it work for you ? ( f ) sorry , i 'm i 'm getting the call from sebastian . ( o ) ok , yep . ( p ) so ondrej , coming to the question of testing these models . so actually german model was running during the last test we did with maria into romanian . ( o ) ok . ( p ) first test she did was using the old model , the second using the new model . ( o ) ok , i see that . ( p ) she thought the new- ( o ) the new one was better , yes . yeah , yeah . that 's good . ( p ) and there was a lot less ehm ( ? ? ) ( o ) but that was the , that was the asr segmentation workers which are not accessible at the moment at all . ( p ) right , right . so yeah i guess it was tested on the ideal conditions . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( s ) ok , so i have the pipeline done . dominik fixed there were there were 2 little box and mt wrapper . and there ( ? ? ) . and we can see it running now . ( o ) ok , so should we go to the elitr pervoice platform view ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so i 'll be back in a second . ( s ) yeah . ( c ) i can also resize maybe presentation platform . how far we are from starting the the test of the demo ? ( s ) it 's dominic we 're done . and just a ( ? ? ) thing . ( c ) ok , ok ok . i wait . ( s ) i also implemented i frames so ( ? ? ) to see pervoice and ( ? ? ) in the same . like a compact window . ( o ) paste the link to the google document . ( s ) ( ? ? ) in the in the same repository . ( o ) but so that people know worker watches . ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) ok , yeah . ( f ) allright . ( o ) yep . ( f ) so it 's it 's it 's really it 's the classical comedy of error going on at that construction site . they they ( ? ? ) power line on tuesday . plan to then completely dig it up and you know view the view the damage yesterday and the ( ? ? ) and they did n't have another one so this morning they 're getting a new digger to dig up the power language . they have done nothing yet . like literally nothing . and supposedly the electrician will get back to sebastian at 1. and then we then we will know whether they can fix the damage today or not . no , i do n't know how much ( ? ? ) i place in that whether he will be at lunch break at 1 or whether he will actually calls sebastian at 1. it 's it 's ( ? ? ) over there . ( c ) does couple of these ( ? ? ) . ( f ) i i i suggested that to sebastian he he disagrees ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ok . guys , do i have time to make also presentation platform virtual machine resize or not ? ( s ) yeah so there 's i firm estimate file which i post which i have pushed in the . ( o ) please , paste web page link on in the github repository so that we can see the file as as well . so that we know where it is in is somewhere in cruise control . ( s ) ok . ( o ) thanks for the the news , well . so i 'll have to leave before like i have less than an hour now . and i 'll have to go home and then like be with the kids in in yeah , whatever it 's compli . ( s ) yes , yes . ( o ) so between 1 and 2 we will synchronize by e-mail . and at 2 we will send the e-mail to the project officer ted we have we give them the option to have the full demo in what do we say week ? exact same time ? or more ? i think week should be enough but . ( f ) i i should hope that week will be enough . ( o ) yeah , so . so ok , so this is the plan for the few hours now , until we learn from the electrician . and felix please now try to getting the segmentor running on that virtual machine that chiara provided . because that- ( f ) yeah , i 'm working on that now . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . ( c ) thank you felix . ( o ) thank you . ( s ) so i 'm updating the google document on on how you can set up the thing . so . ( o ) so you have to download this extension , ok . ( s ) yeah , so this extension basically enables iphone policy . ( o ) yep . ( c ) this one . well it 's not bad . probably i do n't need to resize presentation platform virtual machine . just have to check what we run during ( ? ? ) workshop . just to be sure . but actually it 's a good ( ? ? ) . ( s ) so i need to start a few more instancies of the kaldi worker and ( ? ? ) start test . ( c ) felix , if you have some problem reaching mediator and so on , i have seen to open probably some ports on the file wall . so please tell me if you get stuck somewhere , ok ? ( f ) ok . ( s ) guys , we have it running now so let 's start . ( c ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so you have to download that file the easier set up is to just go to this page . but you probably need the extension so . ( s ) me ? ( o ) yeah , everybody . like who wants to see both subtitles and paragraphes . then yeah . then they can use this link which i 'm just highlighting in the google document . ( c ) ok . ( s ) i can share my screen if you guys want . because i have a zoom client and it wo n't share the complete window , extended window . it will be like . ( o ) i think it 's ok , yeah . ( s ) yes , ok . ( c ) look really strange on my side but maybe it 's just a matter of browser . ( o ) well . ( s ) and . ( o ) it does n't look strange . ( s ) ivan ? ivan is here ? ( i ) yes . ( s ) yes , yes , thank you . in order to get the 5 seconds of pre-video do i need to like do anything ? ( i ) yes , so at this time you can you can ru- i merge my my latest updates . ( s ) yeah , i already pull it . ( i ) ok , if you run the one shot one shot preprocess script . ok ? you give it one the input name and the output name . and that does the the pre-processing and it depends of 5 seconds of the logo before that . ( s ) ok , so i need to run the pre-process again with with the same same and it will automatically take the logo . ( i ) yes , the logo is ( ? ? ) it 's the same folder . ( s ) ok , ok . i get it . ( i ) the script expects the original mp4 video from youtube . ( s ) yes , yes , i understand . so yeah , let me done it so that we just to run it so i can heard . ( c ) sorry ondrej ? ( o ) yeah . ( c ) do i need to do anything in order to correctly see the iframe solution ? because actually i 'm able to see at least a part of the presentation platform in the bottom of the of the iframe , but the upper part it is n't displayed . ( o ) so can you share the screen so that we see what you 're seeing . ( s ) i think it 's because of the iframe policy of , maybe she is opening on google chrome and google chrome- ( c ) ok , which browser works ? ( o ) firefox . ( s ) firefox . ( c ) ok ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( s ) ivan in which directory is the preprocessing script ? ( i ) it 's the same set up set ups ffm peg with the longest name possible . ( s ) yeah , but i do n't see that preprocessing script . ( i ) ok , let me check . ( s ) maybe i have ( ? ? ) let me check . ( i ) ok , i push the master at 10 something i think so . ( o ) so by the way , i 've opened a private window with this url to to see both this subtitles and paragraphs . and the video started on auto- in autoplay for me . so it 's browser dependent it really some browsers play it upfront and some do n't . i do n't get it . ( s ) so it 's not one check process instead of preprocess i think . ( i ) yes . ( s ) ok , ok . yes it 's working and i 'll get the video ready . ( i ) yes , it 's going to incode the thing twice so it 's going to take a while . ( s ) yeah , no problem . ( i ) yeah , also the version you 're running will just have the logo on on a white background . i 'm i paint the image will be instructions but i i 'm still testing that it works . ( s ) ok , ok . and ondrej in this set up would you like to have the opening instructions . ( o ) i did n't get the question , sorry ? ( s ) so with this set up , would you like to have the opening instructions , the ( ? ? ) basically . ( o ) yes , i think that i think that , i think every every video should have this instructions . they , maybe not 5 but , well 5 is ok . i think all the video should have this 5 seconds delay at the beginning . ( s ) and the thing is that ivan again after 5 second you will have to reload the page . ( i ) yes , so , i thought about that , ok . the point is the the 5 seconds of logo are not meant they only work after the refresh . so only once the playlist is active . that means ffm peg is already streaming . ( s ) yeah , yeah , exactly . and that happens only after- ( i ) only after the refresh . ( s ) yeah . ( i ) so i 'm also preparing now a different , a completely separate video which can be streamed before , it is going to loop and that video is going to show the instructions . it 's going to say once the countdown reaches the 0 , refresh the page . ( o ) it behaves differently for me , so i do n't . ( i ) i have no- ( o ) i do n't see the problem that you are- ( i ) oh , ok . the issue is this . ondrej , i think you 're lost , i lost you . ( c ) wait a second ivan , because we lost ondrej . ( i ) yes . we also lost sangeet ? i do n't know . ( c ) felix is still there ? ( f ) yeah , i 'm here . ( c ) ok . ( i ) ok , let me repeat the let me state this idea just so , yeah , sure . ok , the the current proposal is this . when we are not showing anything , we must also be showing something . otherwise people wo n't wo n't have a let say ok . the set up is always have a playlist available . when we are not streaming something . so when the demo is let say not active , the playlist we show is going to have a loop showing only the static image of the logo and instruction which are saying `` watch , watch the stream and when you see the countdown below reaching zero , refresh '' . when you refresh . ( c ) a good idea i do n't know if actually we are going to have the countdown . we have the countdown ? ( i ) well , i though we have a countdown . ok . the point is . ( c ) please please check it carefully with sangeet . ( i ) i can not check anything with sangeet because , check it from here . ( o ) so guess guess what happened . the whole charles university network was like stop working . so this this is the network disruption that i- ( c ) ondrej , do you have , ondrej do you have a backup as speaker for tomorrow ? ( o ) we do sangeet has a big data plan , so . he has already working he has been starting that from his cellphone . yeah . but the problem is that if the servers are affective by this , then we do not have a second . ( f ) so what you 're telling you do not have a second server room of side . ( o ) we have 2 server rooms at different sides in prague , but we do n't have the entry points to them . like i do n't know how to log in to them . so i think they the machines in the server rooms are not affected by this network error . but they could , you know there there is the network administrators are now like running with diggers everywhere . only only technically not physically but it 's , yes , they 're re-configuring the network . so they , yeah . they can dig into any wire at any moment . ( c ) of course the pervoice virtual machine can host all of you guys . i have just to check disc size . ( f ) elitr is now sponzored by amazon aws . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) no , no no , we are on asian unfortunately . ( o ) this is crazy . ( c ) at least we are really doing our best in order to test ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ok so sangeet if you are connected . you 're now muted probably so . ( c ) ivan was explaining . ( s ) yeah , i 'm connected . ( c ) before a network problem . ivan . would you like to repeat it ? ivan . ( i ) yes . so , ok . i can only explain what i can manage to do . not something else . so . the idea is , ok . the the problem i see still is that . people are going to connect to presentation platform . they are going to see whatever playlist we have left on the on the web folder . the plan is now this . before we run , ok , when sangeet is not actually streaming . a video which is going to be subtitle and everything he is going to stream a different video , that video is going to be static . is going to be of course is going to be a dynamic playlist but it 's going to show something static . that is going to be the the logo and visual instruction saying to the peopl- to people `` watch the the countdown in a subtitles '' . are we still going to add the countdown ? ok . so . ( c ) no no no no . are we still going to have the countdown ? ondrej , sangeet , do we will this countdown instructions ? ( o ) we do n't need it anymore . because we , yeah , we we tested it on tuesday night when we were running the 10 machines or 20 machines in in the lab . and they 're whenever we connected a new machine , all we did was to open web page on the elitr platform , click play and click like live , which is clicking the very last bit of the of the slider of the video . and that joined the live streaming . the subtitles were always in sync and the the video was also very close to to in sync . so we do not need the countdown anymore . ( s ) ok . ( c ) so the instructions has to be fixed or we need to put the countdown in order to tell people when to refresh their pages . ( o ) so they the question is when the refresh is needed . in our experience the refresh is needed when we change the video . ( i ) yes . ( c ) exactly . ( o ) when the ffm peg is stopped and started again . ( c ) exactly , so the first video , the one who shows the logo and just instructions is the first one . the second one is the one which actually plays the video demo . so we 're going to stop one ffm peg in order to start the second one . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) and here probably refresh is required . and ivan prepare the first video with the- ( i ) i 'm working on it . does not exist yet . ( c ) is going to prepare the first video in order to show the elitr logo and instruction telling people to refresh their pages when- ( o ) when we tell them . when we tell them . ( s ) so ivan , could you look at this error which i got from the one shot process . i think it 's the ffm peg version again maybe . ( o ) there is a file- ( i ) this is about frame rate . videos are supposed to have a , you see the 48000 that is the audio frame rate . ( s ) ok . ( i ) can you show me the the input video you are using ? the name . ( s ) yeah , yeah , ok , so the name is is this nk use cz mp4 . ( i ) i only manage to test videos with 44 and 100 . ( c ) ok , which- ( s ) we can we can test this logo after we let 's just hold it for a moment . and let 's test our original set up and once- ( c ) ok , but may i ask you just a second to make ff probe of this video ? write you the - . ah ok perfect . this is correct , it 's the same as usual ivan . ( i ) ah , it 's not the us- the same as mine other- anyway the script should be creating the logo with the proper the proper audio frequency and it 's not working and i do n't know why . ( c ) it say that it can not find the- ( i ) find the file , yes . ( c ) some some wrong path somewhere . ( s ) yeah , not a problem so let 's hold this for some time and let 's get back to original set up . and you guys can switch back to your screen . where you see the where you see the 2 presenter window in iframe . and . ( i ) ok , the script is , do you have the the png logo locally at . everything i 'm making is supposed to be run from the same folder of course . not meant to . ( s ) aha , ok . ( i ) you need logo dot png ( ? ? ) logo dot png to make this work . ( s ) yeah i have the white logo png and logo png in same folder but the video is ( ? ? ) ( i ) yeah , but where you running the the call from this folder . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , so i ( ? ? ) the video so in the current folder . ( o ) just a side note , everybody should avoid any remove commands in their shell scripts . ( i ) yes , ( ? ? ) ( s ) disrupt . ( o ) oh . just comment this out it 's or- ( i ) temporary files and they are ( ? ? ) but yeah you can comment your line . ( o ) they will just remain there . yeah . ( i ) ok . find , ok , this . you 're going to get a lot of temporary videos concused inside this so . ( s ) yes . ( i ) watch your ( ? ? ) . sangeet can you scroll up i saw i think i saw an error . ( s ) yes . ( i ) i guess i somehow the yeah the the logo it 's failing to generate the the movie of the logo from the image . ( s ) i think it 's the ffm peg version . if it 's working for ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ivan . ( i ) yeah . ( c ) may i ask you to prepare the video for sangeet and upload it ? ( i ) yes , where ? ( s ) just upload it in google drive . google drive- ( i ) i already have a copy here but . ( s ) google drive just do it in google drive and and i have a very short command which should download it . ( c ) ok . virtual machine could be also used to as cp files and . ( i ) ok . ( c ) i know i do n't know nothing regarding your internet connection so ivan is it possible ? ( i ) i can only a ( ? ? ) . ( s ) ( ? ? ) hold this ( ? ? ) and run the remaining the old set up . so . shall shall i start it ? ( o ) yes please do so , what should we do ? ( s ) you just have to so . ( o ) reload . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , definitely reload . ( o ) it is playing . ( s ) but i have n't started the system . just do when they ask it , ok ? so i 'm starting in 5 4 3 2 1. yeah yeah . ( o ) so i 'm going to interrupt you because i 've been watching it and i my video has already stop playing and i still see the subtitles coming so my video was 10 seconds at least ahead of the subtitles . ( s ) so the sub- video also stopped in my system and there are still subtitles . basically so these are the very last sentence which i still render rendering ( ? ? ) . ( o ) but how is that possible that the asr is so delayed . the asr still getting some input that does n't make any sense . ( s ) ok , wait a minute . ( o ) so in the- ( s ) ok it 's taking from , no , that is . something is wrong . ( o ) so in the meantime phil i 've seen that in , there is oh , so there is just belgian or whatever language tag as the beginning of romanian outputs right ? if you look at the romanian outputs there is always this bbb . ( p ) oh , ok , i did n't actually look at the outputs . ( o ) i did so . ( s ) ok , so this is some ( ? ? ) from my side i think . ( o ) but how was that playing happening , how come that it was so that i saw the video so much earlier than the subtitles . ( s ) yeah , that's- ( c ) well , sorry guys . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) first , please consider that could also be the case that the asr server is still just processing things and maybe it 's not that a powerful machine and just a little bit slow . moreover consider that we are all streaming everything ( ? ? ) internet lag ( ? ? ) . but i would like to ( ? ? ) the noise problem . have you seen that from the czech asr the label ( ? ? ) noise underscore . is outputted . and it 's gon na be translated and making a mess in the translations . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) yes , it does , yeah . you 're right . ok , i 'll make this ( ? ? ) so ondrej , so . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so can you take your sub- the cuni presenter and see if the very last subtitles are very are related to the video or they 're like some rubbish . ( o ) there was , so i see sometimes forgotten sentences or sentence parts . which is strange . so as if there was some sound input missing during some like portions of that stream . but when this is not the problem then the quality is good . so i do n't know whether i do n't know how to check but we should be listening , ideally listening to the sound which is going to the asr . i think that in your new set up when you are probably directly sending from ffm peg to the eb client . it 's seems like that there could be lex or skipped parts of audio and there could be also this edit delay happen . ( s ) yes , yes , you 're right . ( c ) ok , but except from these i really liked the the demo . i checked both in the just presentation platform and also i really liked the splits screen in the - ( o ) i think the split screen is good for us but it is bad for the . so and we also have the problem of jumping subtitles so it 's again the segmentor is not perfect here . so the the split screen is complicated . i have a smaller laptop screen laptop here and it 's quite impossible to fit it so that i see it well . ( c ) ok . ( o ) i do n't think that audience will manage . i think the audience needs to show only needs to see only the elitr platform subtitles . ( c ) ok . but i enjoyed also the split screen it was really interesting and i check just the english translation and except from the noise problem the translation was good . i understood the at least the phrases ( ? ? ) . something that really works it 's really nice . ( s ) so ondrej i 'm starting it just again i made a little change in on how- ( o ) ok . ( s ) output of ffm peg is fed to the eb client . ( o ) so i 'm going to open the elitr platform only as if i was the participant . i see the last video bit there . ( s ) yes . ( o ) and that 's only the last segment . so it should ideally be the the loop looping video that ivan was talking about . i 'm going to enable czech and english , yes . and german . and i 'm going to , well , but when i refresh , so you tell us when we should refresh , right ? ( s ) yes . so you should refresh in- ( o ) we can refresh later , that i do n't think that 's a problem of . ( s ) ok . ( o ) or actually i can refresh whenever i see this subtitles appearing . ( s ) let me run it a once , let me see if- ( o ) yeah . ( s ) things really works . ( o ) so should , is it ready ? is the video playing ? ( s ) it should play . ( o ) no . ( s ) it 's not . ( i ) when after ffm peg stop streaming the playlist stays there . so what you are saying now is the last- ( o ) last bit , yes . ( i ) of the previous playing . ( o ) yeah exactly . ( i ) ok , i 'm meanwhile i ok , i 'm making videos in 48000 audio ( ? ? ) for sangeet . i 'm uploading them to the machine ( ? ? ) i let you know when i 'm finished . ( s ) yes , yes . ( c ) thank you ivan , but may i ask you to move it from tmp . leave it in the pvad mean ( ? ? ) because you know that it needs to restart- ( o ) just restart the loose the tmps . ( c ) just just as backup . at least we have a copy of all the files somewhere . ( o ) so sangeet , let us know when we should- ( s ) yeah , yeah , sure . so it 's strange . ( c ) meanwhile , felix , i 'm going to open a set of ports in the firewall for the ( ? ? ) virtual machine . so if you have some network problem probably it 's me that i 'm updating ( ? ? ) , ok ? ( f ) yes . i 'm just gathering the files right now anyway . ( i ) the videos are uploaded , they are in the home of pd admin . they are called please wait and refresh on countdown so they are , they are called as they say . ( s ) so ondrej . ( o ) yep . ( s ) ( ? ? ) help here . ( o ) should i come over ? ( s ) yeah , probably , that would be better . ( o ) yep , yep . ( s ) so here ... ( f ) ok , so i started the docr and compile and ( ? ? ) built it from sources ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) and i 'm gon na be- ( o ) so just to let you know we 're not there just yet because sangeet can now play like stream the video . but we are not good at sending it at the same time to the elitr platform . we need to figure out how to add the output from ffm peg . sangeet could you mute yourself while yeah , yeah . so i need to be in the same room as sangeet so that i can diagnose but i 'll i 'll have to leave very shortly . and . ( c ) so maybe first we have to schedule the next test session this afternoon . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so schedule something i 'll i 'll be busy and my machine will be busy with my kids and their like school duties . so i 'll be at home with with the kids and they will be using my machine from during some time , not all the time . so schedule anything . you need to unmute yourself . ( s ) and about this , ok . ok and about the segmentor if because i have most of the thing set up , already set up . it 's just some like ( ? ? ) installation issue . so i think if felix can assist me like one to one help , this can be diagnose quickly ( ? ? ) . is felix here ? ( c ) i think he needs ( ? ? ) for a moments . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . ( c ) and . is it fine for you to be back at 15 ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it 's completely fine . ( c ) ok , we will use always this zoom call . ( o ) this one will be busy . like please provide another zoom link because this is going , yeah . ( c ) in any case i can provide the usual 40 minutes . felix is on ( ? ? ) we will link in the document . ( o ) yeah , yeah . and- ( c ) some point- ( o ) i 'll be busy until prob- like sometime after 15 probably so well join without me . ( c ) yeah . ( o ) for sure . and also it 'll be good to learn from felix if he 's succeeding with the substitute server . ( c ) exactly . ( o ) and i have a question on ivan . the ffm peg- ( c ) ivan is not here . right now . ( i ) no i 'm here right now . ( o ) ok . ( c ) sorry ivan , scuza . ( o ) so the question is , the ffm peg command that you crea- that you use to create the times the short snippets of the of the video . ( i ) yes . ( o ) it outputs something to std out , some data . do you know what it is ? because- ( i ) ehm , no i do n't keep the locks . ( o ) it 's not the locks , it 's some data it 's binary format . it 's , i 'm not talking about some error , i 'm talking about the standard output of that command . and i have no experience with ffm peg you have now much better experience that i have . so . what is the output of ffm peg , how can we find out what the data is . can we somehow find out what is the output of ffm peg ? ( c ) well , the one ( ? ? ) in input to eb client it 's raw file , so actually . ( i ) aah , ok , now ok , now i understand the question , sorry . ( c ) if you write the output of ffm peg into a file actually it will be a valid pcm file . ( i ) yes . ( o ) this is this is what we assumed . this is what we oh i see that , the pcm as 16 le there is- ( i ) yes , that is raw audio . ( o ) but that has caused the delay . that 's the problem . so it has caused the horrible delay in the in the set up . so this is what sangeet did in the morning test . like when it work in the morning . so i 'm trying to figure out how come that there was this huge delay . eb client was receiving the the sound . we saw the correct subtitles . but the delay was in seconds , like 10 seconds easily . ( c ) well the ehm , the audio features are the only one which the presen- the pervoice architecture is able to process . so maybe you would like to resample the video . ( o ) what 's resampling ? no , we need , we need to avoid buffering from ffm peg . so ffm peg has some output buffer and it does n't emit the sound quickly enough . ( c ) well , when . ( i ) well that that piece is already on copy so there there is no way to make it faster . and . ( c ) exactly . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( i ) re-encoding . ( c ) re-encoding . the re-encoding is- ( i ) the re-encoding is already taking care in the pre-process script . ( o ) well , i i think there is a problem with ffm peg or some buffering of of standard output . so maybe linux buffering on the pipe is is stepping in . so sangeet can can you try using this unbuffered we have this unbuffered prefix . please put this in front of the ffm peg as well . so let 's try that . that 's . like it is , that our machines are too slow for this video ? ( i ) well , in principle it could be i mean the . if the video , you are you are passing through you 're calling that linux set up , right ? is that it . ( o ) well sangeet listen to that and i 'll mute myself and sangeet will now talk . ( i ) oh ok . just to make sure , sangeet you 're running the linux set up right ? ( s ) yeah , i run it the set up , yeah . ( i ) ok , ok . the this path , this script expects a pre-processed video input . ( s ) yes , yes , yes . ( i ) the encoding so it is already been done . it is assume that it is already done and this call just copies the input to the output . there is no re-encoding . so it can not be possibly faster than this . ( s ) so what i what just saying that could it be the- ( i ) the eb client could also delay it itself , i think . because is goin- well , is going to establish the connection and and everything . that is going to take some time but there is no way to to make it shorter . you can not prebuffer eb client . ( s ) that 's strange . ( i ) we can consider , you know , for the future . you can , we can try a different set up which has- we could have , i do n't know eb client already running from a queue , a ( ? ? ) some kind . and then i do n't know ffm peg right to that so there is no connection establishing delay . or eb client but yeah , that this ( ? ? ) at this point . they can not be done . ( c ) this picture is really is really . ( i ) yes , i mean . ( c ) no , exactly , for tomorrow it 's not possible to do a different solution . ( s ) yes , yes i i agree . so what i was thinking that could it be due to the quality of the video . the quality of the video is like too high . ( c ) no . ( i ) no , no . ( c ) the connection face of eb client can not be affected by video quality . it 's not something you can fix . ( s ) no , no i 'm saying that maybe ffm peg is intentionally causing delay . due to the quality of the video . ( c ) but it 's not ffm peg . ivan ivan said that the when eb client starts , ivan tell me if i understood- ( i ) yes . ( c ) when eb client starts , there 's the end shake phase with mediator . and this probably is introducing the delay . and this can not be avoided . ( o ) yeah , i see , so what do you - so there is the delay- ( i ) connect to the mediator then the mediator establish the pipeline and then the audio is getting process from ( ? ? ) is getting send to asr . ( c ) please remember that everything as being prepared for face to face conferences . so , and not for play video . so i think that actually we are doing really the best solution possible at the moment . it 's not possible to reduce also- ( o ) yeah , so in that case in that case the best solution is to have the machine following its own sound that we have done beforehand . so the eb client should be started all the time and it should be listening to the sound output of the machine . and we need to ensure that we run the ffm peg streaming simultaneously with a regular play of that movie . and the same video will be started from 2 like running in 2 streams . one stream would be playing it to the sound cart and the eb client would be stealing that sound output . and the streaming with ffm peg will go through the web server to to all the participants . and that will avoid the lag at the eb client start up . because the eb client will be prepared already beforehand . and whenever someone else would say something in czech on that machine then yes that would that would also get to these pipes . and it would also get subtitled . i think that 's the safest option now . so the these the streaming from ffm peg to eb client has this lag of start up which is inevitable . and that 's why we should not choose this . ok , did i get it correctly ? ( c ) if you are able to make the other option working . ( o ) yeah , yeah . i 'll also i tried grabbing the standard output from your ffm peg command . which is supposed to be pcm s 16 little ( ? ? ) . ( i ) yes . ( o ) and i tried to play it with a play minus f s 16 underscore le . and it was playing like very slowly . so there was a mismatch in the in the sampling rate . and i 'm wondering if there is if there is any other difference in formats if it 's pcm- ( c ) ondrej . ( c ) yeah . ( c ) copy and paste your comment please so so that i can check it . ( o ) yeah , it 's again on different machine so it 's it 's not easy . but i 'll i 'll so for , sangeet- ( s ) i can do that . ( o ) yes , sangeet paste the ffm peg command and i 'm pasting what i played this way . so i used a play minus f s. ( s ) i think ondrej 's right about the very noise which which is being emitted in in the very beginning . because i see ( ? ? ) underscore as a subtitler so . ( o ) the file with ( ? ? ) from . ( s ) shall i paste the command in the chat window . ( o ) yes , so please do . so what i 've pasted into chat window is how i played it . and the way to obtain this file was to run the command that sangeet will paste and that command ( ? ? ) and captured the output to this yeah , exactly . so you see these standard error being ( ? ? ) standard output to this the file with std out . so when i did this sequence of ffm peg ( ? ? ) and playing with it with a play i heard like very slow speach . and when i tried s44 then there was some horrible noise and some , so so i was not able to reproduce the sound properly . which indicated in my setting i was not able to confirm that eb client is receiving the correct sound . ( c ) yes , i 'm going to check it . ( o ) yeah . ( i ) yeah , it can be- ( o ) ok , so let 's i suggest to end this call now anyway . and felix should let us know any news from the electrician . and also , so there is horrible echo , can you mute yourself sangeet ? ( s ) ok , sorry . ( o ) it 's so annoying to be like in you have to always switch and like be in the same not be room , same machine , different machine , yeah . so felix please let us know about the electrician . felix are you here or not ? ( p ) i think felix is away . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . ( c ) ok . ( o ) so he , please tell him when he appears reappears to let us know about the elctrician . and also the status of the segmentation worker . and between 1 and 2 we will make the decision and yeah . it 's seems more likely that we 'll have to postpone the demo . i 'm afraid . but i think that we should give the option to have this simple and now walk over to sangeet to help him with the set up that i have in mind . and chiara you can debug the debug the or double check , tell us how to play the standard output of the ffm peg so that we hear it correctly . right ? ( c ) in order to fix it i just need probably a couple of minutes . ( o ) yeah , sure , yeah . ( c ) i will write you the the commands in the ( ? ? ) is it fine for you ? ( o ) yes , yes , perfect . ok . ( c ) and ( ? ? ) e-mails in order to define what tell- ( o ) yes . ( c ) ok . yeah , ok , thank you , so i 'm i 'm like leaving the call now . sangeet will probably remain connected and i 'll be sitting for few more minutes at his desk . but let 's avoid any more connected machines . thank you . ( c ) bye . ( i ) ( ? another _ language ? ) ( c ) felix ? is everything fine with the virtual machine ? ( i ) ( ? another _ language ? ) ( c ) sangeet ? sangeet ? sangeet ? ( ? another _ language ? ) ( c ) hi felix ( f ) hello . ( i ) hi . ( c ) i was trying sangeet . i was trying to get sangeet attention . the ffm peg problem check the command ivan copy and pasted in the chat . with this one actually he 's able to verify that the command it 's playing audio correctly . check it please . ivan has been faster than me . ( o ) oh , can you also paste it to the thing , can you also paste it to the google doc , because- ( c ) yes , sure . ( o ) on the machine where i can test it . chat is not available there . and . ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) i was not on the call for second , so any news ? either on the electrician or on the the set up of the segmentation worker on the ( ? ? ) machine ? ( f ) so it seems like the ( ? ? ) succeeded . ( o ) say it again ? ( f ) it seems like the build for the docr container succeeded . i 'm now uploading the the train model to see if i can run it . ( o ) ok , so there- ( f ) and as for the reconstruction ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so i 'm about to leave now but at 1 or at quarter past 1 , please send us all an e-mail with 2 status . ( f ) i will update you as soon as i ( ? ? ) ( o ) yea , yeah , yeah . whatever slack or e-mail . and it 's not only the electricity it 's also the the segmentation worker . ( f ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , ok , thanks , so yeah . i think that 's that 's it for for this session so let 's let 's get in touch afterwards , right ? ( c ) ok . ( i ) did you paste the . ( o ) sorry ? ( i ) did chiara paste the the ff the ff play command somewhere on the google doc or am i going to- ( c ) yes , yes , yes i did it . ( i ) oh , ok , i can not find it but ok i trust you . ( o ) i 'll i 'll try that . ( c ) it 's under next test session section . ( o ) yeah , ok , so we 're leaving out , ok , thanks , bye . ( s ) bye , bye , bye . ( c ) super . ( f ) oh you guys are still here . of course . yeah , the segmentor is running . ( i ) yes we are . ( f ) i 'm running 2 right now i do n't know how much the machine can do if you need more you can let me know or you can scale the service yourself . ( c ) i really , actually i do n't know how many segmentors are required for the demo . but the machine should support several instances of of services because actually it 's a good one . i were fixing connection policies and i forget to finish this part . if at some point you have problem accessing the service tell me . ivan . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( f ) ok , so if there is nothing else immediately to discuss i 'm gon na leave the call . i will keep you guys updated by slack about the power situation . ( c ) ok . i think also we can close the meeting here because we will , we are all going to leave for lunch . so thank you . thank you guys and see you later . ( i ) bye . ( c ) bye .", "tgt": "problem with fixing server room - no asr worker available . autoplay of video - possible ? slides for presentation . problem with czech asr - mt wrapper . postponing demo - for a week ? what to have at the beginning of video . countdown is not needed , only instruction . running a demo . delayed asr . output of ffm peg . may cause delay ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi , does it work ? am i muted ? can you hear me ? are you both muted ? i see someone . m. muted and i see sangeet . so who is this quest m ? remember you are all muted . ( s ) so as soon as zoom waiting to start my system flows for like 30 seconds . ( o ) oh ok . and and do you know who is this m ? ( s ) no no no , i do n't . maybe it 's maria i think . ( o ) i would not expect maria at this session . because . yeah it is possible but we should not waste her time . so sangeet before others join the plan b. does it work , does it were you able to your system is frozen again . ( s ) no it does n't work for me so i tried to create some fake time stamps and try to emit this like kind of instruction message so my it did n't work for me . so- ( o ) so the easiest way is to replay . do you know that dominik has these scripts to replay a lockfile . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah . ( o ) are you using that ? ( s ) no i- ( o ) so this is what i would do . i would create the file with time stamps and use dominik 's replay scripts to to to feed it to eb client and to the presentation workers . ( s ) aha . so what i 'm afraid this time the first so so like we have much depl- language ( ? ? ) we have english , we have czech- ( o ) yeah yeah . so it should be fed to all of them . ( s ) in ( ? ? ) language or like ? ( o ) yes , english or in all . in all it should appear like get ready and click on the click instruction 3 2 1 click . and that should appear in all the languages . so that that way it is the highest chance that people will see these subtitles . ( s ) aha , ok ok ok . ( o ) yeah so it should it should it should not be that difficult . yeah , so phil hi . thanks for joining . ( s ) hi , hi . ( o ) we do n't know who this m is . ( p ) ehm i have no idea . ( o ) we 'll see . and we 're still waiting for chiara and ivan . so this this zoom account is shared with like it 's across the whole ( ? ? ) of from our building . ( p ) ok . ( o ) and occasionally it happens that that like people join and that 's why the pins are used . there was a pin right ? was n't there ? ( s ) yeah . ( o ) or was n't there any ? ( p ) i do n't think so . ( s ) we just click the link i think . ( p ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ok , so maybe the link included that that pin . ( p ) yeah i was i was ready to type pin pin but i was n't actually prompted for . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) ondrej i have a question . so today at the same time we are also having the ipr prohamiting so what do you want to do with that ? ( o ) let 's hope that they are recording it by themselves . i totally forgot . and i do n't know whether they wanted the subtitling or not . ( s ) so i just e-mail you and i think it 's better to e-mail update that i - ( o ) yes , please e-mail ondrej and yeah , and we 'll see . ( c ) hi . ( o ) hi . ( s ) hi , hi . ( p ) hi . ( o ) so i do n't know chiara if if- yeah ivan is here . fine , great . so we still have this strange person m , i do n't know who that is . let 's not be bothered . ( c ) i think that 's ma- mati ( ? ? ) the the first path of the zoom us link we are using . ( s ) yeah , it 's it 's . ( c ) ( ? ? ) user . well do n't worry . ( o ) yeah does it ? the first path of of the zoom path ? matfyz ? no no no matfyz is the the faculty of math and physics . ( c ) ok , maybe it 's the- ( o ) ok , so let 's let 's get started . so and we have felix as well , great . so i 'm i 'm getting very anxious about the demo actually . because we had these mini sessions . and i knew how that system was like . i knew it reliability and the quality of translation . and that was everything like . i was happy to fight for that the quality is something which is hard to gain and and all that . but we are now struggling with the set up . that 's that 's my main worry . so we need something very simple . so that we will not share a screen , because we can not like broadcast . we need something that will work remotely for the project officer and also for other quests he will invite . so each of those has to independently start watching the same thing at the same time . and the simultaneous time is the is the problem . that- ( c ) ok . i i ivan told me the result of yesterday test . he 's working he worked on the plan e. i have also a plan c which is the one i 'm focusing at the moment . my idea the following and let me know if sounds reasonable for you . the idea is you usually ( ? ? ) the mtray- m3u8 url putting the frame in the cuni server which expose also the ssl ( ? ? ) . so actually on the cuni server we are able to expose an ( ? ? ) url , ok . can upload the video file we would like to demo on the cuni server . and then on the server run ffm peg command which actually streams the video file . ( o ) i do n't know how to do that . i haven't- so i 'm i 'm serving like regular files and i do n't know how to how to stream . i haven't- ( c ) ok , i i will have some idea . let me finish . prepare the ffm peg command which streams the video file and both provides the inputs to ab client client on the server . which starts the transcription . actually i have n't yet finish to prepare this kind of pipe but i 'm already able to swim an mp4 video file . ( o ) ok . ( c ) i i do n't know if you have time to now i i can demo - ( o ) so can you paste the link where we can watch your streaming ? ( c ) actually i 'm publishing on my ( ? ? ) so reachable . but it it actually it takes inputs path . a local path . if they actually were ffm pegs wrights ( ? ? ) expose the directory . it works . but at the moment i 'm not able to publish on a public server because of . i 'm just trying to fixing the pipe . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) but at this point we can let the video be playable from a common web browser , vlc , because also vlc take input network streams . and also presentation platform because actually presentation platforms the video box takes in input a public m3u8 url . and i suppose that we are able so to stream and simultaneously provide inputs to ab client . ( o ) yes so this this last bit is something which we well we have not really done that . but it should be just a t command hopefully . normally what we do is that we set the sound input to follow the sound output . and run a record on this like loopback sound device . and this is how the eb client gets the get the sound . but the t command should also work . so this is this is this looks very promising if you 're able to do the streaming . on public server . and then if you 're able to do this then i think . yeah , so so this this is the best solution . because we would be not relying on youtube , they could not ban us from from anything . and then the machine which would be streaming this we could even as a fallback solution if if like if we are not able to create the public frontend url . then we could set up an account for you so that there would be a net cut solution , like a horrible one . but you could start the streaming and- ( c ) anyone with the access to the cuni exposed server could run this pipe because you just need the ffm ( ? ? ) if you- ( o ) actually i. yeah i 'm really curious about the set up that you do on your local host . because- ( c ) do you have time now to discuss it ? i can explain . ( o ) no i think sangeet should should discuss it primarily . ( c ) ok . ( o ) but there is also firewall issues . so sangeet should tried yeah . we have to see what the what on what what is port 80 really , yes ? is it htp accessed ? ( c ) yeah . ( o ) so then . i 'm not sure if we are allowed to . this is something that would need cooperation from our admins . very likely . ( c ) yeah . ( o ) that they would- ( c ) because we need to be able to well . who will run the ffm peg streams ? ( o ) yeah . ( c ) local to the web server . because you need to stream both video , audio , eb client . so actually needs to be run the in the web server . but those are technical aspects i know it sounds critical . but i think the most critical part is to identify the video file into ( ? ? ) test of- ( o ) yes . ( c ) and machine translation on ( ? ? ) because you know . we will be able to justify in some way lags , not very fast streaming because of course we are all remote . but probably the project officer will focus on the quality of the provided translation . ( o ) that 's right , yeah , and not on technical issues . this is like necessary condition but it does n't help in the assessment . yeah , i agree , yeah . ( c ) so maybe while we , me , ivan and sangeet we focus on the technical set up . please i ask all the other i see there is also phil and felix . please try to identify the good video file suitable for this kind of demo . ( f ) yeah , i put some suggestions for german ted talks in ted- ( c ) ok , nice . ( o ) yeah , so it 's i have n't seen those possible ideas ted talks . yeah , playlist of german ted x talks . this is by you , right ? ( f ) yes . i tested those with our current best set up . which we will deploy for the pervoice mediator also for the demo . the german segmentation is not as good as the english one . but it was ok . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) i tested i tested a couple of ones but the one , specifically ( ? ? ) but i link one specifically was i think possible to follow . ( o ) this one might be good so i can have a look . yes , i agree with you that these youtube subtitles are excellent . including the translations not just the transcriptions . and i 've i 'm quite sure that they are generated offline . so they appear before the text is spoken . actually , they are even they could be even manual . ( ? ? ) ( f ) yes . this one has both , this one has both human gen- human transcription and automatic transcription . you can you can switch on the video . ( o ) yeah . this is a tedx talk ? it 's actually remote . hm interesting . yeah ok . so the the channels that we have or the videos that we have recommended was this austrian supreme audit institution . and for that the translation model may work better . so we 're not only we 're not only transcribing but we also need to translate . and vocabulary would be probably better fit for the auditing domain . because phil has created the models for that domain . ( f ) so 2 thoughts about that video . i watched the video , the german one . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) first , it the the project officer maybe consider it too easy . because it 's very stage recording the person speech much more ( ? ? ) than the tedx speaker . and the other is , it may actually not be that easy because this person is speaking austrian german . ( o ) ok . ( f ) i have n't run that through our through our system to see if that 's make a big difference . but i 'm not sure that the austrian german could cause problems for the recognition . ( p ) and also the the current mt systems are actually adapted to this domain . ( o ) ok . yeah , i thought that- ( p ) the general ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok . so you know bet then . than we . so so i agree with what chiara suggested that phil and felix should focus on the selection of the input . and test it probably like separately just on using felix direct tools . while sangeet and ivan and chiara will focus on the on the technical aspect . right ? ( c ) ok , just secondary topic . the schedule for the project officer . we identified 3 possible days which are tuesday , thursday and friday . maybe can propose just thursday and friday . ( o ) yeah . sounds a fair . ( c ) what do you think ? ( o ) yeah sound a fair . or or we like when we are voting we could down vote tuesday . with the yes no if need be . ( c ) ok . so i propose all of them or not . ( o ) i do n't know . how confident are we that we manage the plans abc running at these one of them . ( c ) in my opinion thursday and friday because once we- ( o ) yeah , let 's go for thursday and friday . ( c ) it fix the ( ? ? ) then we fix the the quality . then we have to fix the presentation . which was another another parts . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) ok . well . ( o ) yeah , so now for the set ups . so the plan b , that i have with sangeet is that we will use this standard youtube included youtube iframe within the presentation platform . and the youtube iframe will not have the auto play on . instead it will only show the the video , the pre-recorded one that we want to subtitle . and the subtitles will show instructions . the instructions would be like look at the subtitles now , we will do a countdown for you and on the click when you see the word click you need to click the play button on the video . and that way we can start the show at the same time on our side where it the recognition will start . and every participant will be suppose to click the play button when the instruction says so . i know that this is like very faulback-y solution . but still it 's it 's doable . if sangeet succeeds in injecting these instructions to the subtitles to all the languages . so that people would select all the languages and then they will see the subtitles telling them scroll back to the starting point , if the if the video has already started yet . pause it and then wait for the click instruction so that you would be in sync . and if you get out of sync then you can try to re-synchronize yourself whenever you like . but we are not going to restart the main broadcasting . and we could simply say that this is due to the fact that we want to show real youtube videos and we would have to clear copy rights to to re-broadcast them . and that 's like extra burden . so this is this is- ( c ) i can also explain sangeet how to to send let 's say a free text to presentation platform through the- ( o ) ok . so there is a back door . there is another thing aside from- ( c ) but it 's not actually a back to , because it 's the presentation platform has its own worker . and receives like for the worker so that we can actually call directly the worker . instead of transcribe later so on . so actually it 's pretty simple to paste directly text . ( o ) ok , that 's , yeah . and we need to to inject into all the languages . ( c ) yep . actually it 's a matter of make the script . the complex part probably is to let it be synchronized , let 's say . and and- ( o ) no , the idea is that there would be first the instructions and then these injection would stop release the worker and immediately the full pipeline will start and this has to be tested so that the delay is like known how long it takes or or there is no delay ideally . that would be even better . maybe you can set it up because you know the presentation worker . you know how to set it up so there is no delay . so that more workers are connected there , but maybe that's- ( c ) ok . ( o ) start their play back simultaneously . yeah . and the plan a , the re-broad casting on ivan side . ivan , are you ? ( i ) yes , sorry i was mut- ok . i can add a pipeline for a ( ? ? ) audio from a video . ( ? ? ) it 's working , i 'm now putting it together with the other piece of the pipeline . so that the same call to ffm peg can also output the video streaming playlists . ( c ) yes , he is talking about the plan c. ( o ) yes , he is talking about plan c , exactly . so this is plan c. the plan a is to re-broadcast with youtube broadcasting . ( i ) ah , yes . we do n't i 'm very very worried about that because i did a bit of research about the copyright infringement ( ? ? ) on youtube . and it it appears to be extremely vo- volatile , let 's say . and ehm i can not find a way to to be sure essentially . there is no there is nothing more than a gentleman agreement . we could obtain from the original uploader . but then that does not it does not protect us from any 3rd party claim . or automated claim . so . ( c ) exactly . ( i ) there is no there is no practical way to be sure about this . we could only try it and then get banned essentially . ( o ) oh , ok , yeah . ( i ) so . yeah . plus i have no legal expertise so . ( o ) well it 's not it 's mainly technical so if if there is no technical means which seems reliable then- ( i ) no there 're not . there is none . ( o ) yeah , then let 's forget it . let 's forget plan , so . it 's it 's too risky . ( i ) essentially but i am i am still waiting on my my personal youtube account it 's not able for streaming yet . so i can not even test this . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( i ) because there is a full day await it 's not working yet , so . ( o ) yeah yeah , ok . so let 's let 's simply forget plan plan a. it was risky from the beginning . it was , the reason to choose it was mainly because we knew how to present youtube videos . in the in the elitr window . so there is . yeah . and there is no way to do it when we want to replay some videos which were already previously uploaded to to youtube . so what we will do is we will we should demo the system transcribing and translating our speech as the meeting goes . and then this demo video . and for the our meeting- sorry ? ( c ) are you 100 % sure to to stream also the the meeting ? ( o ) so well , to show the subtitling of the meeting . that 's what i meant . ( c ) are you sure ? ( o ) i think it 's very good to explain how badly it it like handles non-native speech . and none of us , including the project officer , none of us is is a native speaker . well phil is and felix is for german . but others , if we do this if we do the meeting in german , sorry the meeting in english . then the most of us are non-native . and i think it 's good to show how it handles that and how people can improve their pronunciation as they go . to get themselves better recognized . i think it it gives us flexibility show what it what it does . ( i ) yes , but- ( o ) but if you if you disagree , then we can use the tested recording . only . ( c ) i i did- well it sounds just risky in my opinion . first of all , it requires a completely different set up , respects to the one we are preparing for the ( ? ? ) ( o ) not really . this is just this is just the that sangeet needs to start the machine to follow the sound output whatever is being played . in in his machine through the speakers . is also immediately recognized and send to the like in the in the pipeline . ( c ) ok , so that you are already able to catch the audio from the let 's say- ( o ) we have done that we have done that in the past . few times . ( c ) ok . ( i ) just just just to to be clear . these this thing ondrej is talking about does not pass through the service architecture . ( o ) it does . ( i ) it does ? ( o ) it passes through the service architecture , but it does not pass through youtube or whatever . it 's not related to the videos . ( i ) and i mean is it the same thing we used yesterday ? ( o ) yes . ( i ) ok . ( o ) so yesterday sangeet was following sangeet was running the the pipeline that was feeding the service architecture with the sound . and the sound was coming from sangeet 's output . so when sangeet was talking it was not part of the subtitles . and when we were talking it was part of the subtitles . is that clear ? ( c ) ok , let 's take it as we as possibility to to be tested . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( c ) ok , i will definitely propose project officer only thursday and friday . ( o ) ok . ( c ) that 's everything pretty pretty ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( c ) ok . well . ( o ) yeah . so i would like to disconnect now . but so so plan a is crossed , like we do n't want to go for it . plan b is something that chiara will very quickly help sangeet with set up . and it should work . it should be fairly easy to set up . plan c is what chiara and ivan will focus on . and it 's the best solution . that we would really prefer . and please contact ota ( ? ? ) he has some experience with the servers that that we have . so that he would know what to ask the network administrators for . ( s ) ok . ( o ) and phil and felix should select the video and test the the performance . and this needs some deadlines . so that we know when to invite maria for the next test . she ( ? ? ) agree with thursday , tomorrow tomorrow afternoon . and friday is a national holiday in the czech republic , i do n't know if if it 's the same for you . ( c ) no . ( o ) you do n't have a national holiday on friday , right ? ok , yeah . so . ( c ) ( ? ? ) national holiday , ivan ? we we had one in the first of may . ( i ) yeah , the first of may but no- ( o ) yeah , we have also the 8 of , the 8 of may . ( i ) the 8 of may is nothing . ( o ) yeah , yeah . and one thing that i also wanted are talk sangeet is that we really need to test restarts . everything can fail . so i told sangeet to be nasty once the test runs smoothly . he should just take out the internet cable and see what happens . and you should do similar things . so you should you should try killing your workers and and slowing down the machines . and we need to know how to restart it quickly if this happens . so there is like do not test only for the success but test also for the recovery from a failure . ( c ) ehm well . i think that probably the project officer also knows that both we online text flow and the presentation platform are developed for face to face conferences . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) so that probably it will not be a problem to see some kind of- ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( c ) but be prepared to recover fast is always good idea . since well you know , it 's important demo . ( o ) yeah , ok , so let me disconnect now and you keep talking and and oh this is this only end meeting . i do n't want to end the meeting . ( c ) you can end it also only for- ( o ) for myself ? ( c ) yep . ( o ) i 'll i 'm i 'm clicking the end meeting button now . but check it . ok yeah i 'll just leave the meeting . yes . it allows me to leave it only . and it should be running for for the rest of you . ( c ) bye . ( o ) bye bye . ( s ) bye . ( c ) ok it worked . well phil and felix i , we are going to work on the technical set up . i do n't know if it 's interesting for you , or otherwise , sorry . i can- ( f ) it would be interesting for me is if- ( c ) ok . ( f ) well if i have video that i think would be good but i can test it on our set up . we have a mediator too , we can i can test it on that presentation platform but if you have some way that i can just pipe audio into the pervoice mediator and and see the output of that system , that would be good . i mean of course it can used eb client but only for 1 language . ( c ) in the cruise control gitrepo our stored the ( ? ? ) cuni scripts used to make multiple streamings . for example of of the 1 audio file into multiple translations . for example , we did it for example for the french watching session . let me check it . sangeet do you have the the scripts to run multiple translations simultaneously for felix ? ( s ) yeah , i have one right now . so it uses german asr and english english asr . and it does the translation into i think 10 or 11 languages . so felix do you want to share the script ? ( f ) sure . ( s ) ok . and do you want for german asr or with english asr . ( f ) a german . ( s ) german asr , ok . ( c ) do we have chat here ? yes we have it . while sangeet prepares the- ( s ) so i have send felix an e-mail with that ( ? ? ) ( c ) for all the others i copy the cruise control github repo . in the set ups directory are stored all the cuni 's scripts used in the various testing we did during the project years . for example the french watching the session does exactly this kind of scription translation . ( s ) but i i think that a french one might not work because it uses some worker which do not exist more . ( c ) yeah . ( s ) which exist no more or which are have been ( ? ? ) and then which i sent to you guys it should be working at the moment . so you can try . and you should just like do dash the name of the file and yeah . ( c ) ok . then i 'm going to search for something for you sangeet in order to pipe text to the presentation platform . meanwhile maybe it could be interesting to . is it possible for us to look in on the https web server , the cuni the cuni 's one ? might be interesting to test everything directly in the final machine . what do you think ? ( s ) yeah i think , so , i will be using basically 2 machines during the demo . 1 machine to run the set up and the other machine i think to inte- to talk with vs . it will be both like ( ? ? ) laptops . ( c ) ok . for the plan b it works fine of course . for the plan c and as as each access to the expose the server is required . because did you get the plan c idea ? ( s ) c , just a moment . ( c ) no i can re-explain it , do n't worry . ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) the idea is to log in on the cuni 's web server . upload on it the video file . have the ffm peg tool installed . upload also eb client with its libraries . i suppose it 's it will be server . then run ffm peg in order to ( ? ? ) the m3u8 playlist which is a standard to for for web streaming videos . and also provide on on standard output the samples to be pasted in input to eb client . so actually we just 1 command . we will be able to both stream the video on a public url and provide input to eb client . but in order to ( ? ? ) we should be able to write the video playlist file which is the m3u8 directly in the public directory . ( i ) so the the aplica- this ffm peg pipeline needs write assess to the publicly exposed directory . it is not strictly required that the machine is the same if somehow the the discs available on the network on the inside . but you know . ( c ) ok , we have to ask to ota if i correctly understood in order to- ( s ) yeah yeah yeah . ( c ) ok . so i i need couple of minutes to recap our stream text to the presentation platform sorry you guys . meanwhile ivan is testing this idea of plan c , thank you ivan . ok . ok . ok . aah , ok , this , my internet connection is not that stable unfortunately . ( s ) so could you demonstrate how the plan c which you 're doing on your local host right now ? ( c ) sorry ? ( s ) could you demonstrate the plan c which you 're currently having- ( c ) ok , i can explain you one half the part which involves the ehm video streaming . ( s ) ok . ( c ) and the second part is the one who 's working on ivan in this moment . but i can share with you my screen maybe . maybe . stop video . share screen , ok . let me understand which one is the screen i have to share . ok this one . this one . which is- ok , now you should see my shell . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) ok . it 's just sharing this window so that if i show this part do you see my windows explorer or still the shell ? ( s ) we can see your shell . ( c ) just the shell . ok ok ok . ok . ok now if i change window here you should see . here the shell , and here the window . correct ? ( f ) we see only the shell . ( s ) only the shell . ( c ) still only the shell . ( i ) i i see the window now but there is a huge delay . ( c ) ok . yes unfortunately i told my ( ? ? ) not have really performing the connection , sorry guys . and i 'm also streaming the this . maybe i can stop streaming my video for example . stop video , ok . and hopefully this will work a little bit faster . ok the idea is the following . in the windows folder , this one , the example acati docs streamer . this is a local apaches server installed on my laptop . and the streamer is the exposed directory . so th- so that if i publish a file in this directory this is switchable via web browser . we have the ffm peg command . we are going to fix it in order to performance likely better in terms of performances ( ? ? ) . well , seek during the day . these takes an input the file boris zero 1 zero one mp4 which is the video file i would like to stream . a lot of parameters . ( s ) yeah yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) it writes the output in the acati- acati docs stream directory . ok . ( s ) ok . ( c ) ok when i run it , it starts preparing smaller ts files which are the segments of the playlist . act- ( s ) it means it slowly increasing in size . ( c ) yep . ( s ) ok . ( c ) in fact if we go back to the ehm expose directory we will see that dts files start appearing and being ( ? ? ) . ( s ) aha ok so it 's like kind of frame window which is being updated every second or every few seconds . ( c ) yeah . ( s ) ok . ( c ) exactly . our real is more fragment of video of 3 seconds . ( s ) aha , ok ok ok . ( c ) if i connect to the exposure directory which is ok . this is , since i 'm running apache on my laptop , i 'm able to reach the expose directory through the web browser . and . ( s ) yeah , ok . ( c ) ok ? i can refer to the index m3u8 file which is the the index of the playlist . ( s ) ok ok , so can you play this video ? ( c ) and this is the ehh the video streaming . ( s ) ok . ( c ) this kind of url is accessible through the browser . ( s ) aha , ok ok i get it . ( c ) i can put it also in vlc , for example in vlc you can open the network stream . ( s ) ok ok ok . ( c ) is exactly what at expects in input the presentation platform . actually on my laptop i have a self signed ssl certificate . but cuni and having the self signed certificates requires that each one who would like to access to the to the signed content needs to accept this certificate . instead on the cuni web server there 's a regular certificate installed . so that it will be much more ( ? ? ) for users to access to the hts source . because they do not require to accept or install due anything , it will work . smoothly . ( s ) so if i 'm correct this this video looks like ( ? ? ) kind of broken . ( c ) no i stop it . ( s ) ok . ( c ) i just stopped it . ok . it pretty works we nee- we just need to tune the the pipe . ok . i 'm going to search for the for the text input for presentation platform for you . ok ? ( s ) ok ok . so and now like our task is to if we go for plan c our task will be to anyhow transmit this video to to quest , right ? ( c ) well it depends . it depends . if you- ( s ) like it should be publically avieble available to the host persons of the meeting . ( c ) yep . we will have many option if you remember we agreed that actually the the project officer will see the demo through the screen so we 'll be able to present both online text flow and subtitles of the presentation the platform . in splitting the screen . ( s ) yeah , yeah it 's splitting the window , yeah . ( c ) which is the the solution used during the monday seminaries . so that you should be pretty confident to organize the screen , let ( ? ? ) be available . it it looks also good because we will see both kind of the presentation nice . ( s ) how will he see the video ? ( c ) yeah many option to see the video . for example we can organize still in the share screen put also a vlc for example which plays audio video . or we can put the video in the presentation platform which actually has the the box . ( s ) yeah . the video pin . ( c ) or we can ask to the participants to connect to the public url . we will see which is the most performing solution . actually in putting everything on the publics server will also grant us to avoid at least one part of the connection problem because you know if you play everything on your laptop , you will have the problem that you are on the conference call , streaming the audio , streaming the video and this will probably kill your connection . ( s ) yeah yeah . ( c ) i think the the demo running actually remotely will will let us at least let the demo run even if internet connection will at some point fail . or not be back that good . but in any case we can not fix users internet connection problems . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah . ( c ) if i , because , for example , if i 'm joining the the conference call . i 'm downloading video and audio of all the participants . but you i would like also to stream my web browser the video source for example . i 'll in any case have a kind of delay . well . actually both presentation platform and online text flows are meant to work in locally and in face to face conferences . are not meant for work for live streaming . but well i think it will be interesting to check it . ok . i go back to the text problem . ok . we should have still 35 minutes then i think we have to leave for lunch . and in the afternoon i will not be available because i 'm in another meeting . but the idea could be to check now together all the possible problems and thing that we need to do together . and maybe schedule another test session for tomorrow . try having fix during the afternoon or the set up and technical aspects . in order to proceed maybe tomorrow with transcription and translation and checking that everything works and start making something more interesting also for felix and phil . ( s ) yeah yeah . ( c ) sorry guys . ( s ) as for as i understand plan b is the most easiest and i mean like , plan c seemed like it 's like over loading the system too much . if your if your like ( ? ? ) the whole slt system . and if you 're also streaming it 's like using up your internet connection as well . ( c ) in fact in my opinion putting everything on a different machine letting the demo run remotely . will will helps us a lots . but please please please please sangeet touch with ota- ( s ) ok ok . ( c ) because ( ? ? ) plan plan c in any case we need to be able to access to the published to the public server . ( s ) ok ok ok ok . ok . ( c ) ok . ivan . maybe do you have the the client c client . commands this one . ( i ) the audio client ? ( c ) maybe well you not the tixti client the one who sends text i do not remember how it 's called . we have one linux client in the pv platform . ( s ) so . ( c ) switching to italian just one second . ( ? another _ language ? ) ok sorry guys . i need to make search . ( s ) ok so i 'll talk to felix . felix has it worked for you the script which i sent you ? ( f ) i have n't ( ? ? ) yet . i will see about that later . ( s ) ok . ( c ) ok . ( s ) let 's see if i can contact ota to join the meeting than . ( c ) i 'm on the wrong machine that 's why i 'm not so finding . i was looking for , ok . here we have . this one , let 's text it . ( s ) so i i have sent an e-mail to ota if he responds then we can add him for few minutes in this meeting . and we will be to fix ( ? ? ) ( c ) sorry ? ( s ) so i i 'm saying that i just shot an e-mail to ota and if he can join us for the meeting then we will be able to fix ( ? ? ) quickly . ( c ) unfortunately i have still just i have just half an hour and then i have to leave unfortunately . and- ( s ) yeah , definitely . ( c ) i will not be available . maybe we can directly schedule also a meeting for tomorrow . ok ? i should be available at 11 as usually . ah ok . i should be available starting from half past 10 . ( s ) ok ok . ( c ) ehhm felix is it fine for you ? ( p ) yeah , that works for me . ( c ) ok nice . ( f ) so- sorry what was that ? ( c ) tomorrow the next test session at half past 10 . ( f ) do you need me for that ? ( c ) well if you would like to join us . ( f ) ehm i think as long as you have a set up that i can use to test the videos and ok , i 'm actually- ( c ) ok . if you need us well you will you will know where you will find us tomorrow , ok ? ( f ) thank you . ( c ) ok , i will send the e-mail with this kind of meeting scheduled . today . zoom worked fine today , what do you think we can keep working on zoom ? ( s ) yeah , it seems fine too . ( c ) so that at least i should be able to prepare the the call ink for the call for for all the participants so that at least we spend this kind task . just pretty . ( s ) i think tea tea is responsible responsible for so , we actually need to book zoom meeting slot and i think tea is responsible for that . ( c ) ok . and she 's happy or . responsibility . ( s ) she should be happy . ( c ) ok . then i just send the communication . ok . ( s ) and you will for plan b it is so so you will show me how to insert test text into the pervoice presenter pervoice presentering . ( c ) yes . i just send the e-mail and i keep testing my idea and when the idea is more than idea and actually it works , i with you this comment . ( s ) ok . ( c ) is it fine for you to have , ivan . is it fine for you to have the next test session tomorrow at half past 10 ? ( i ) yes so . yes . ( c ) perfect . ( i ) no each other . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( c ) do we have ctm ? ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) and the source language for the meeting will be english , right ? or ( ? ? ) ( c ) for the meeting yes . for the video file it would be german . probably german at least . so ivan . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) so all those list of videos in the section the finder demo input in the google document . so i see that lot of links all those will be used during the demo session , right ? ( c ) as output . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah , ok . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) ok , then i think if we have no more to discuss anything i 'd like to leave then . ( c ) ok , i hope i will send you as soon as possible the command in order to pipe the the text the presentation platform . actually is really straight forward but i drink something wrong in my vocation that have n't yet figured out what exactly , where is the problem . i hope that in the first afternoon i will have an answer for you . ( s ) ok . ( c ) because it 's really really something stupid that i 'm not getting exactly what it is . ok . ( s ) ok ok ok . ( c ) guys , see you tomorrow ok ? ( s ) ok . so see you , bye everyone . ( c ) bye and thank you . ( s ) thank you bye . ( c ) ok . so ivan . ( ? another _ language ? )", "tgt": "playing the video at the same time for each participant . video to be used . adding instruction for playing . introducing the plans . plan c explanation . arranging the next day meeting ."}
{"src": "( o ) yeah , hi felix . ( f ) hello . ( o ) yeah ( ? ? ) works . so i guess there is no news . ( ? ? ) or is there . ( f ) well ( ? ? ) apparently temporarily we stored some power . ( o ) okay . ( f ) but they they will shut it off again , they have not told us yet . and and . ( o ) yeah yeah so i think that you should focus on copying over all the various files , because i think that we would really like to to a i 'll write that to sebastian separately . but i think this this really confirms that everything , including our systems obviously needs to have a backup somewhere else a a tested backup . uh . ( f ) uh yes . ( ? ? ) maybe something like that ( ? ? ) happen although it will not happen today . the recommendation for us was actually to keep the servers off because . ( o ) oh okay , because they will . ( f ) we dont know when the server when the power will actually turn off again . and i think the risk of actually using data is . the servers just unexpectedly shut down . ( o ) that 's thats true . yeah . ( f ) so we 'll keep them off . ( o ) so the ehm um your your keep them off . so you are not going to copy anything out . for the signal . ( f ) no no no . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( f ) when the power is back then we will . then we will probably talk about how we can be more robust to this sort of failure . because there will be construction there for . at least another year . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( f ) i mean the situation with that server room is actually complicated anyway . we were supposed to vacate it like two years ago . but they didnt provide us an alternative where to put our servers and unless we all put our servers in our living rooms . we are we need it . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) i guess the good news is that it seems that the bomb was a false alarm . ( o ) okay . ( f ) anything anything else about that . ( o ) yeah . so there is one more thing that i would like to get from you . and that is in the slides . which are in overleaf . so i guess you already have yeah you are maybe looking at those . ( f ) i 'm looking at them now and and checking where to where to put our stuff . ( o ) yes exactly . so there is a slide 21 end to end neural asr , but well feel free to do any slides you like . this was just my suggestion . ( f ) overleaf is highlighting everything in red . ( o ) yeah not for me . ( f ) unclosed end document . ok it seems like some of the beggining ( ? ? ) didnt match up . which i fix now . okay . i 'm going to alert ( ? ? ) . do you have to know when the notifications ( ? ? ) except for elitr for for ( ? ? ) . ( o ) no ? i dont . ( f ) i thought it was supposed to be yesterday . but i can not access the website because its posted on our servers . ( o ) oh . so the iwslt is now without the website right ? ( f ) as far as i can see iwslt ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay . i dunno , i. i think someone told me it was the 15th so that technically means tomorrow midday . ( f ) i think okay . ( o ) but i dont i dont really know . ( f ) because i do have a paper in there that is relevant to to elitr you know . if it was accepted now that ( ? ? ) . ( o ) um-hum , um-hum . ( f ) most reasoned results we can put it on the slides . ( o ) yeah . ( f ) ( ? ? ) we 'll know . ( c ) hey guys , good morning . ( o ) hello , morning . ( f ) morning . ( o ) so i 'm still adding url 's to the . to the presentation . this is too complicated actually so i dunno how to . so chiara would ivan join as well ? ( i ) hi . ( o ) so ivan is probably already there right ? that was dominik , right . so chiara would ivan join would you know ? ( c ) yes yes , he he ( ? ? ) minutes . ( o ) okay . in the minutes okay . and you are listening , you can hear us right ? okay , so sangeet can h- is listening to to the zoom call . but he doesnt have the microphone because that was causing the loop yesterday . so its only me who has a microphone . so dominik , v- . how much time do you need ? dominik is not here . so dominik is also trying to set up what what he posted yesterday . so that while watching the videos , a participants who do not speak czech should be clicking to buttons , like how well they like the current subtitles , and it would be timestamped . and we can then align it and see like where the problems it is going to be approximate because the sync of the video . is not perfect , as you know , but it still , will probably be useful to to identify the the to give us some measure of the overall usability of of that . so a please look up in your emails , because dominik sent it this morning . the google document and please sign up yourself if you can to the subtitle rating uh , documents , so . whoever is available . please write your name here that is what i 'm going to highlight . ( z ) i 'm sorry i didnt catch it , where is it ? ( o ) in your email it it was into elitr yeah elitr it ( ? ? ) . hi phil . ( ph ) hi , ( ? ? ) buttons . ( o ) yeah , so we 'll i 'm waiting for sangeet to confirm that the videos are ready . and i 'm also waiting for dominik to confirm that his instructions are ready . ( z ) its almost ready . i need sangeet for . for . ( o ) so you , in the meantime you can look at the slides in overleaf especially at the tail to add anything you may want to add in your future work . ( z ) freddy are you asking me ? ( o ) not no this is for the slides thats for phil and pervoice and felix already is looking there . so thats if we want to show in the real demo . any new findings or or any any like preview of plans for the upcoming months . this would be the place to to put it here . ( c ) okay thank you . ( o ) yep . ( z ) we actually do have updates about the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay . ( z ) now there a news article . ( o ) oh great . ( z ) yeah its suspected to be an unexploded ( ? ? ) . they will they will further investigate on tuesday 19th of may . only then will they decide to whether or not a defusal will be necessary . when it will happen and what areas will be affected . ( o ) yeah . ( z ) so we can add to the to the slides with the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes . ( z ) the bomb . ( o ) yes yes . ( c ) nice . ( z ) we should 've had demo last week . everything was fine last week . ( o ) except for the demo . okay yeah chiara would you know the command line flag for ffm peg to stop at a certain position i think its like minus ss space and then . ( c ) ss . ( x ) ss is the starting position . and ( ? ? ) is the time time to stop . ( o ) so so maybe chiara . so we are trying to cut the the second video which is an hour long . we are trying to pre process it but get only the first 15 minutes so that we dont have wait too long . but this is this is failing . ( c ) okay . i 'm copying the base thing with ( o ) um , ma- i dunno if chatbox is best accessible to sangeet . yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i dunno well um . because anywhere . ( c ) ( ? ? ) . this should work . ( ? ? ) . okay nice . ( o ) so sangeet says that within 10 minutes the conversion will be ready . so lets plan to start the demo at 11 to give us ah . ( ? ? ) 10 minutes . so at at 11 we will start with all the broadcasting as as yeah . as dry run thanks . ( ? another language ? ) so dominik are you ready as well . sangeet says that he is testing it and . ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah so in addition to the slides themselves , we are going to like ask you to annotate how much did you like the the subtitles at various stages of the subtitles being presented . dominik has , so you are all looking at that instructions subtitle rating the document ( ? ? ) . have a title there . and the webpage of the subtitle rating is very simple thing it contains just 5 or 6 buttons and the idea is that you will you should overlay this over the set of languages . and click what is your evaluation on these on this buttons . whenever you have any opinion so the more you click the the better . but obviously , you should not uh , like damage your capacity of following the subtitles that because of this annotation . so we will also probably for other runs we will improve the user interface , so that its easier to to make your evaluation . and what the interface is doing . it is only only a recording timestamped evaluation . uh . so dont worry if you like start looking at the subtitles too late , or if the video is it out of sync . so the the video out of sync is is little , uh , problem , um , but there is not so much information in the video anyway . if you are like late with following the subtitles . that is not a problem at all . your annotations will be simply in absolute , times aligned with when the subtitles are presented . so we will know what subtitles you are evaluating it at that moment . so that your annotation would be incomplete , but we will still have relevant portion . yeah . so thats thats for the extra to task , and what i 'm going to do now . yeah , so sangeet is testing something something is appearing in the . so i 'll just recompile the slides . present the slides , share my screen and we will switch to the demo since sangeet will try to follow me as i 'm as i will be giving the instruction and this will be live test . of our like cooperation . yeah , so . we have this demo session . and then ( ? ? ) . ( c ) okay , just just a ( ? ? ) your screen resolution is not enought you can avoid the three lines of subtitles just pressing ctrl - to decrease the zoom of the webpage . ( o ) yes yes excatly . so this is what also wanted to uh , to mention a when i 'm getting the instructions . but i do not have the shortcut there . so maybe i should add the shortcut also to the to the slides . ah , and i will have this one . yeah okay so . ( c ) i checked the optimal screen resolution . and it should be 1920 for 1080 but of course i also a secondary monitor and it doesnt match of resolution so i just control and minus and it works . ( o ) okay , so i suggest that we get started . we dont have any external watchers who have asked or dominik has asked or so our colleagues , but none of them has responded . so it would be just us if i 'm not mistaken . yep . yeah , okay , uh , and i 'm going to start sharing my screen now . so there is now now you are hopefully seeing my screen and you are hopefully seeing the the slides . and there is . i 'm trying to hide the . okay . so there is one thing , which would be useful for you to know when we are giving the demo , and thats how to minimize or like an and how to demaximize the screen sharing now , because i know that zoom is stealing all your uh , desktop space . and so at the top of the screen share window . you c- there is some button , which uh , which allows you to like a a leave the full screen mode . and in that case , you will still see my screen shared but in a separate window . and you can also go back to a web browser , which would be needed for the demo afterwards . so i hope that everybody is now paying attention to uh , the test presentation , and i 'm going to start . i hope that you can see my slides . welcome to this dry run of a demo of the elitr project . here is the overview . we are . i 'm first going to briefly discuss the goals of the project , and the current status of the development . and then we will have most of the time devoted to the demo sessions . there would be actually two demo sessions and the first one will be subtitling stream videos , and there would be another one . where we will be trying to follow our discussions and have it live transcribed into multiple languages . and then we will . we will have uh , some time , for any of your questions or comments . and depending on how long we spend with this time . uh . i will also present the future plans that we have withim elitr . so to start with elitr description . we have multiple , uh , research and innovation goals . we are trying to to improve multilingual machine translation system , and also to include a processing of speech . at the beginning of the pipeline for machine translation . we are also looking at the document level coherence . and that includes both written documents as well as spoken documents , so speeches , uh , and . we have also a separate goal , which is the automatic summarization , especially of meetings , which we call minuting . there are three research partners , and two companies in the in the project the project is coordinated at charles university , and we have university of edinburgh and carlsruhe institute of technology . as the research partners . pervoice is our integrator partner . and alfaview is one ( ? ? ) user partners , and we also have an affiliated like separate like outside of the project consortium , but still close the link user partner and thats the supreme audit office of the czech republic . and the supreme audit office provides the project with a main event . uh , where we are supposes to test the technology and the technology of lif- live speech translation into text . uh , is going to be used in the eurosai congress . the congress was shifted by one year . so its going to happen in may 2021 , and this has been just conference . so we know the exact date of of this congress . thats luckily still within the time frame of the elitr project . so it would be easy to to respond to this new new changed conditions . the project is research and innovation project . and that means that some of the activities that we are doing . are uh , well , understood . and uh , they only need to be put into practice . thats the innovation part . and some of the activities of some of the goals are still too unknown , and we are combining both of these goals . so machine translation and speech translation have been studied for decades . and uh , they are close to becoming more useful in practice . but what is new is the high highly multilingual aspect . and thats what we are of researching , or studying in in our project . and also one machine translation works for some language pairs very well , at the level of sentences the level of the whole documents is still a very much unreliable . so there can be incoherence into translations of of various types . and thats also what we are looking at . and the topic of a meeting summarization . that is highly uh , unknown area so obviously this summarization has been studied . and transcripts of meetings are also being recorded . but still the task of automatic summarization of meetings into meeting minutes is something which has not been put up as a research task . for example , as a shared task for a conferences . so that we are just like paving the land for uh , for future research , by collecting data , creating some baseline models , but it can not be expected that we will deliver working solution for this task within the project . this is a picture of summary of that , uh , we i just wanted to illustrate that by spoken language translation . we mean , the concatenation of a processing speech . into the transcript of one language possibly . and then uh , going to the to the translation in the other language . the spoken language translation can be done in two steps , a as separate system for speech recognition and separate system for speech translation . and uh , the minuting is is something which uses this transcript to populate the agenda with with minutes . and here with the colors . i again , ( ? ? ) that asr the spoken the speech recognition and machine translation . a separate tasks have been studied a lot but the spoken language translation as one shot end to end task is something which is still a under research . and and so is the automatic minutinh . elitr is quite ambitious , uh in terms of languages covered . uh . so we have a was seven source languages . so we are developing or improving systems for speech recognition of english german french , spanish it during russian and were also experimenting with czech , and we are a targeting primarily a subset of these languages . english german czech but we are covering all european languages . and actually experimental . we are trying to cover all 43 languages that are needed by our affiliated user partner by the supreme audit institutions who who are connected in the eurosai consortium . uh , yeah . so uh , with this many target languages , and this many source languages , and with the ambition to do subtitling of of a congress . we know that this can not be achieved without serious testing . so we had this time line of events in the project proposal . uh . there was a a. it was planned to have to uh , to uh , two two test events that the supreme audit office has provided . but we are adding many more other events . so here is summary we started already . in the third month of the project . we started with testing and preexisting technology , to see how it works in practice . we got in touch with uh , in interpreters students of interpretation , a difficulty of arts of a charles university . they run mo- conferences and interpret them to uh , to practice interpretation , and we are uh , and connected to that , and we are getting there a data . and we are using that as as a benchmark , and a a comparative resource to uh , to relate our systems to the performance of humans in the task . there was uh , the uh , the workshop on value added text , which was the first event that the supreme audit office ran for us . and there was another event last october . and then we added the uh , the the demonstration of the system at the university open doors day . then we try to demo it at at one of like social events in prague . and we are also preparing for workshop that will describe language technologies to to employees of the supreme audit offices so that they know what computers can do and how computers can help in their daily practise . so this is the ( ? ? ) tools workshop which had dry run in february . and the first real successful public demo happened last november at university open doors day . the best of prague i event was actually a an a failure . and the reason was that the wifi was overloaded when the audience came . so the test fully worked before the audience came , and then the audience came . and suddenly our system was not able to deliver the sound to our systems , because people simply have their cell phones nearby . they didnt use them , but still the the network failed . and in the lengtools workshop dry run with the uh , an employees of supreme audit office the whole system worked well technically . but there we ran into the issue that the users are actually overloaded by the translations , and it is hard to follow even if the translations are uh , are acceptable . so aside from tech- technological problems were also fighting with like user , usability problems . and this is probably something that you will also experience today . when working on the systems under the hood . we take part in various competitions , and we are also running a shared task dedicated to this in iwslt . so uh , there is many , many events where we ( ? ? ) testing parts or parts of the system or the system as a whole . uh , if the uh , should demo fail today . there are a luckily some recorded demos from the the previous events . so here is summary of links , the first demo from the very beginning of the project , the students ( ? ? ) then the uh , the short demo at the university open doors day which worked pretty well . then i was giving detailed lecture on the technical aspects like , how what is why is it so difficult to translate speech , uh , highlighting all the problems that can arise . and this lecture , a was a live subtitled . and you can see our our english subtitles appearing at the bottom of this lights in in the recording of of this lecture . what you dont see any more are the live translation of of the . so if you want to see the uh , the live translations appearing . then we have a lecture snippets actually this this video content , just a few snippets from a lecture given by a colleague of mine , martin popel in czech and that is being live translated into many target languages . and you can you can see the video and and try to follow . what is what is being said . here is an overview of the architecture . i do not want to go into the detail . but we have mediator central point in that architecture and their systems from the various researh partners , connected to the mediator and then someone who needs to process the sound will connect as a client and the the sound from the client would be processed through this complex pipeline of speech recognition , sentence segmentation , machine translation . and then it will be published on the web . and the user can then look at the website to to see to see the subtitles . these connection to the workers are always open . so they are reused . so the start up is pretty quick . uh . but its based on tcp communication . so it actually relies on network throughput . and if there is heavy traffic that can cause problem . so over the many test events . we have observed many issues with sound acquisition there is whole signs behind that , how to receive sound and record it . so that is sufficient of sufficient quality for speech recognition . we have had slowdowns at the asr research partners for some network issues . we have had queueing of web events . so everything was actually processed and available on time . but the end users web browser was overloaded , and therefore it , uh , displayed the subtitles too too late . and then uh , you know , that our demo was was was found , and that is because the power line to carlsruhe servers room was cut by digger . uh , and there would be one more picture with the bomb . so you see that even if everything is well prepared . and if the architecture allows for like duplicated workers it still can be pretty challenging to to get it running on the on the spot . so for the eurosai congress we will have to have all the workers replicated across sites , and we will have to have a fully running a secondary solution , in case someone cuts a wire again . so now lets go for demoes . yeah , the first demo is subtitling of stream videos . and for this , there is so for this i would like to highlight that this is slightly from the users point of view , its slightly different setup . out for this . i would like to highlight dead . this is slightly from the users point of view . it is slightly different set up . and from technic point of view is is pretty new setup compared to what is planned to what was planned in the elitr project . we were always expected to just acquire sound and provide the sound with the text the translations . but now we are for the demo , which has to be run remotely . we are also expected to actually broadcast the sound . and that should be in sync in sync at the same time as as the subtitles are processed . so we have spent multiple weeks in preparation for this new set up actually , and the solution that we have is is not as a user convenient as we would have liked . its we are not developing new youtube platform unfortunately . and we can not rely on youtube platform because we can not rebroadcast the movies that that the video they have already there because they would immediately stop us from broadcasting . so while we have a setup where we can life subtitle youtube broadcasts . we can not run these broadcasts with prerecorded videos because then they would ban us . so we are doing our own streaming . and for this to work if you are using a firefox then it would be helpful if you could allow autoplay in in firefox . so if you can go to the elitr . pervoice . com webpage . and then when you are there . if you can click on this on this . on this icon next to the url bar . and allow autoplay that will simplify the the playback in sync with the subtitles . if you dont have firefox , or you do not find the setting . what you will have to do when looking at the subtitles you will have to open the web page , with the video and click the play button thats indicated as one here , and then because your your browser can be somewhat late compared to our streaming of that of that video . you have to click , at the end of the bar to move to the life , a to the life , watching of of the video . and to validate that you are receiving the videos correctly . you will see that the duration of the video is constantly growing as we are streaming more and more content . so you should be always watching the varied tale of the video as it is coming to your web browser . so this is our broadcasting . and their underneath below that that video . there would be the subtitles . and you can choose which languages you want to see a by clicking on the language buttons . we have for use the set of languages to keep the user interface , complexity reasonable . and uh , as you may , uh , need to reuse the font size . so here is a summary . so right now i 'll make this make this slide smaller , and you are still seeing my screen . and i 'll try to demonstrate what you should prepare on your screens as well . so no , no , no , this is this is the right user interface . so you should you should go to this web page . there are some some dum- some dummy subtitles appearing there . so please go to the web page , ( ? ? ) elitr pervoice . com . and if you are prompted for login then enter the username elitr at elitr eu . and the password is elitr . and i 'm going to to show that here . here , you see the the subtitle , sometimes do not fit . so i hit control minus . and maybe once more so that the two lines of the subtitles fit well on in my screen . and so that is that is one important thing to reduce the font size . if your browser doesnt show it correctly . with the default setting , and then , because our platform is a poor substitute of of youtube . you will have to reload the webpage and you will have to like depreload , so control shift r to start watching the video . so at the moment . my web pages is is showing some old part of of the video , and i would now like to ask my colleague uh , to to get ready for broadcasting the video for all of us . so he will let me know , and i will let you all know . that you should when you should press the control shift r on your screen on the elitr webpage . to get the fresh video appearing . so remember to remember to allow auto play if you can use that . and if you can not auto play then after the shift reload . you will have to click the play button and click at the end of the bar of of the of the video . if you are late with this clicking . that is not a big problem problem . the subtitles will be running as the video like in sync with the video , but you will be watching the video late . and whenever you click the the most recent , uh , a bar whenever you get back to the live watching of the video that would be that would become again in in sync . so uh , there is no , uh , the the this can be done at any point during the the full video . so if you are very late that is not a problem . just reload the page again , maybe if you lost and click play and click on the end of the bar to get the live presentation of of the video . the subtitles are independently presented , and they are always in sync with the main broadcasting . yeah so i got a the signal that my colleague sangeet has already started the video . so lets all do the control shift r. and i 'm going to play it . yeah . yeah so i 'm going to leave it running , you can play with the languages and follow the subtitles which you would like to follow . and i 'm going to anotate also it with the quality of of the transcript . ( ? another language ? ) ( d ) ondrej we can hear the audio from this video . ( o ) sorry say it again . ( d ) we hear the audio from the video through your ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i dont hear because i hear the i 'll stop my watching of the video . say it again sorry . ( d ) we can hear the audio from the video through zoom through you . ( o ) oh , i didnt allow zoom to do that . okay , so i 'm . ( d ) it sounds more like its being picked up by microphone somewhere . ( o ) okay , from my headphones , thats strange . so i hope its better now . ( o ) yeah yeah so the video is over . that was just a first 15 minutes , so can someone confirm that you can hear me . ( d ) yes we can hear you . ( o ) yeah yeah okay great . so i 'll share my screen for a second like for us in addition to uh , that ( ? ? ) . yeah . so this is the the set up that i had for myself in the end , i use this subtitle rating window . uh , and i used it for a while , when looking at the subtitles in the subtitle view . and then i modified my view so that i saw the paragraphs , because well , i know how to access it . and i was a rating the english , uh , subtitles for a while , english transcript for a while . and then i was also annotating the the quality of the czech . and we can discuss the the technical your observations in afterwards , i suggest now that we go for the second video , the shorter one , the 3 minute run right ? uh . and yeah , sangeet is getting ready . and again , feel free to choose whatever interface you like . for the real demo people will should be watching the subtitle view in the elitr platform elitr pervoice platform . so this one and . ( d ) i can show you the final unprocessed results if you want . ( o ) yes , so i 'm i 'm stopping my screen sharing for a second . or maybe can we do it after the second video as well . ( d ) yes , in the document if you want to see . ( o ) okay yeah . so who is curious about the results . ( d ) it seems that its horrible . ( o ) its horri- yeah exactly . ( d ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) yes yeah unfortunately the the translation was fine i think but i had to stop reading it also ( ? ? ) get headache . ( o ) yeah yeah so lets lets discuss this later on . but actually , the czech transcript looking at the czech transcript this ondrej watching czech paragraphs in the document . its often also perfect perfectly usable like one or a usable with a as as some problems or a reasonable . so uh , so that the czech transcript is actually not that bad . the segmentation is is bad . and the segmentation causes a flicker for the translation . and that translation is is heavily damaged by the bad segmentation . so this is the problems that we have at the moment of uh . and also for this video it was really really like it is difficult content that we do not know . so maybe if we watch content that we would be understandable to us . it would be also better . but still , the problem would ( ? ? ) that the machine translation system is too much relying on the segments which are wrong . uh , so sangeet . are you ready for the second video ? so everybody , sangeet wait , wait , oh , okay . so sangeet has already started it . yeah so everybody . please go to the to the screen . as i have it now and do a shift reload and click play and play the video for yourself and watch the subtitles . yeah okay , so the video is over , i 'm stopping my screen sharing in case have that . and lets lets do the discussion and in the meantime sangeet can try to switch the subtitling to do czech asr of the zoom talk , so then with dominik we 'll discuss something in czech and you will watch us in the paragraph . before that happens we can discuss our observations yeah sangeet right . so dominik should should people be people who will be looking at the paragraph you . should they be also clicking the the rating ? ( d ) right now ? for . ( o ) yeah , once sangeet starts this . ( d ) its up to you , you can . ( o ) yeah yeah so so it would it would be useful as well . so i 'll quickly share my screen . ( d ) ( ? ? ) who followed which language in the first video and in second video . ( o ) yes so that we know this . so everybody please say , which language you have followed . ( d ) or you can do inserted into subtitle reating ( ? ? ) . i think everyone followed english but felix maybe it was german . ( f ) yes , i looked at the german . ( d ) yeah . yes , and here second video . ( o ) yeah , so in in the meantime . this is so we have just had the the demo with the lif subtitling of a video . and then the demo the second will be the paragraph you of the discussion here . here the link is different . and well you can uh , as as i will probably that is , what should do . i should actually paste this link to the chat window . so that people can uh . can follow it . we 'll still somehow need to simplify the the way of getting the link to you . but you know , the link yourself , right ? please everybody confirm that , you can open the uh , um the user , the paragraph you . ( c ) i 'm going to open . ( o ) yeah . there is no way to copy the link . yeah so i can not really copy the link because it it like changes it immediately . and it opened the wrong web browser and so on . so this is i will keep it for you to ( ? ? ) . ( d ) chat ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and i think it redirects you . but theres nothing so far . ( o ) it depends . so if you reloaded , obviously there would be nothing . and there should some garbage be . yeah . so i think started right . it started sangeet . so sangeet will start it will start subtitling . ( ? ? another language ? ? ) if i start speaking czech . then yeah , it recognizes me . ( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( f ) yes we do see understandable english subtitles with quite a lot of delay . ( ? ? another language ? ? ) so we are switching back to english and now the subtitles will become horrible . so i think sangeet maybe if yoyu can kill it so that it doesnt scroll too far . ( f ) no honestly the translation is fine , i 'm i 'm i can read it its not perfect but read the german transcript no problem . ( o ) yeah okay , and were you able to click that also in the user interface or no you have just the general impression . ( f ) the the rating thing no . ( o ) is it , yeah nevermind . ( f ) i know this clip i can click in the and i get some debug output . ( o ) yes this is something that i forgot to mention and we may want to like disable it for the demo . the the reason is that if you want to copy and error you can not copy it from the scrolling window so thats why you get this separate tab with that so you can easily take a record of of the of the problem . so thats indeed a mental like a debug few . so . ( f ) i am interested in whether you . the czech transcript looks like its ( ? ? ) in czech . but interestingly , in the in the german translational of saying about the video that i selected . in english thats pretty good . my guess is probably multilingual system opinion confuse sometimes . again its probably what you said but it is very good to draw that pretty good out . ( o ) thats pretty good , thats pretty good ouch . okay . this is interesting . yeah . so i do not know how that show up so which which german , who is producing the german . is it phil system right ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) right now . ( o ) no , how is the german produced . the german comes from english . the german comes from english right . sorry , which worker ? mari- so marian workers from , running here . so its phil 's model . or . yeah so well sangeet says its probably phil 's model . he 's not totally sure . ( i ) sorry , so its being pivoted through english ? you think . ( o ) i think . ( f ) it could be that thats actually yeah . ( o ) i think its being pivoted to english . but there was no need to do this . right . its ( ? ? ) mt . so that english to german is lindat . okay , yeah . so again , we see some serious think we really need to know which models we are using . and we need to have these models evaluated because right now like i th- thought that . the preffered model would be the multilingual czech to many languages that phil has trained , right ? that would be the best choice would need . we dont have to phil has the model which goes directly from czech to many languages . ( i ) that model was a very late edition . so . ( ? ? ) . i mean configure the worker couple a couple days ago i think . ( o ) um hum , yeah . ( i ) and the translations to ( ? ? ) . ( o ) but he has not evaluated yet . yeah , i can seen any i havent seen the score from mohammed yet . so , so we should really carefully evaluate , which of this systems are to be used . and so this is now for the coming days through like finalise the set up for . so for each of the setups . you should have a a script . and that should contain the right workers selection . and it has to be evaluated . and like double check that the set up is the set up that we want . so like technically now everything was put together . and thats great that it worked and its great that you understood . there was a huge delay , because the segmenter is new , and it has a window of 100 words . i was told by a dominik in in czech , and this window is probably too big . and also it is a big , uh , neural model , which is now being run on cpu 's . so we dont know its performance . and that was that was causing the delay . and i 'm actually surprised that uh , uh , the translations that i followed when i was clicking the rating interface were not that bad . given this this huge limitations , so um . i saw a lot of ( ? ? ) resets when the subtitles have to scroll back , uh ? and the same content is like repeated again , because the punctuation has end- has changed in the in the process , um , and that was very frequent with this run . so we need to reduce the the length of of the window , that the segmenter sees . so we 'll do some , uh , like , tuning of of the set up early next week . and hopefully we 'll be able to come up with something more stable in the subtitles . and also we will have the numbers from mohammed and we 'll carefully select which model still to use . so the overall set up . uh . i think it is a really good idea to start with the longer lecture , which has worse impression , which is harder to follow . and then to move to the shorter video , and ideally the longer lecture would be the one that felix has selected . about the coca cola guy , uh . and their he , . i followed that i will . i listen to the the beginning of the of the talk , and he also speaks pretty fast . so it will have the same problem . but hopefully the topic will be not so difficult for uh , the general audience , so that people could recover based on their word '' knowledge . yeah , so that is that is my hope , but we should evaluate this . any any further comments to to this . ( c ) well , i really enjoy the the demo , i 'm really happy to see that actually some everything is working pretty well , i followed the english translation . which was well really good , the only point i would like to highlight is that in the first video several times the word dog has been . ( o ) yes yes thats the ypsos . i looked at the slides . and there is there is an abbreviation . ips as a something . and this is miss recognized as pes or psa , and thats the dog . ( c ) the corresponding german translation has been translating in hund which is dog too . and this is quite annoying . ( o ) yeah . this is an asr error . ( c ) yes . i think that this is the only asr error i would like to mention . i ( ? ? ) some name in the . i dont remember when what what i recorded everything . at some point if my internet connection will help me i will upload the all the recorded video somewhere ( ? ? ) . was fine the only thing as you know is the flickering problem of subt- in particular , when the speaker speaks really fast . or this is just my my feeling when the the the discussion goes lets say out of domain from the asr . the asr starts changing really frequently the the transcription on ( ? ? ) the translation flickers a lot . but discussion is pretty much on domain the flickering problem is slightly ( ? ? ) slightly better . works ( ? ? ) better . thats all from my side , thank you for this ( ? ? ) i also enjoy these lights i like your idea to i like with different colours research and innovation . maybe do not call ( ? ? ) presentation platform substitute of youtube if possible . ( o ) thats was just the streaming thing . you and there we are substituting . so i should be clear about this or . ( c ) but this is everything on my side , i really enjoyed this . this demo . ( o ) yeah , okay thank you . so had one question , but i forgot what uh , what was or what one comment and that was yes . the the flicker you said that the asr is changing frequently , when it is like out of domain . it is the ( ? ? ) the sequence of words is not changing . it is only the punctuation and casing which is changing . so as far as i know , the czech system is ( ? ? ) . and it only grows . it only adds words . but the segmentation and thats what we discussed already before . that causes the disruptions . so we need to have like tune this . ( c ) i checked the . i dunno if ( ? ? ) the same kind of system we use the in the . in the french watchin session , if its ( ? ? ) . but the french transcription change also , its not the only . ( o ) that was a different system so that was carlsruhe . ( c ) okay . ( o ) okay , so i think . ( i ) i mean depending on on you know my accepting or not accepting all the ( ? ? ) . i will have something also specifically to that to add to the future work section . because i am developing model that we 'll not need segmenter . ( o ) oh okay yes , that would be great . so i 'm not going to discuss the the details here . i 've added to tables . we may not discuss this in the in in the real demo as well . so this is this is too my- two master students . one working on the domain adaptation . and then uh , that we are going to gather all the talk . so for this . it would be i think very good if we could really use the language model data for the asr . so if we could inject the that the related or maybe even the the planned transcript of the speech . uh . not like the uh , or well , in our case we will be injecting the the real transcript manually corrected . but many of the speeches are delivered a be- by reading kind of , or they are written by some by team of members of the of the group , and then only delivered by the head of the group . and in these circumstances . it is totally ok and , actually no cheating to have the transcript as part of the training data for the system . so this is what we would like to include in the london in the real set up for the congress . and where we have a very simple , a file uploading interface , and we have the pipeline , which distills plain text from that . so if we could get the demo , also with a asr workers that have language model adapt- language models adapted to these videos . that would be excellent . so felix please confirm early next week , whether this would be possible or not for your systems . ( f ) you have to correct that to tyson . yes for the pipe- models we can do that . we 've we 've been doing that often , so thats definitely something we can do to add unknown words to the language model . i do not know how much actually the language model is retrained or not . ( o ) yeah , its not just . so actually , we . this is what we al- already have with with the copy of your worker , which i dunno know , whether was recovered after the unfortunate delete . uh , that happened two days ago . so sangeet was was was it recovered ? do we have the carlsruhe work asr worker here . yeah , so we can do this lexicon adaptation . that was not done for today , but we can do it . and we already have the data for that , and what we are not doing . so would be the language . ( f ) if i can just finish my point , as far as i know we currently dont have a facility to do that for end to end speech recognition model . which was one of the points of criticism and against going to end to end . but we are doing that . so that would be an open area of research i suppose . ( o ) um-hum , yeah . so that , that would be that would also be best mentioned in this future work slides . ( f ) speaking of those can you invite tyson to the . ( o ) its a , it is a public link so you must not share the link that you see . but we we we have to send him the link that i 've put in the google document . so overleaf is overleaf is obscruing the the public access , and uh , its only like the first link that works . and you get the second link , which is now a personalised for you . and you dont you can not share it further . ( f ) oh right , hold on . ( fr ) is in one of the google . ( o ) in the google docs yes yes yes . i 'll search for overleaf and i 'll do editable slides . so i 'll do one thing copy link url where is the overleaf . i 'll put it at the very beginning . ( ? ? ) . agenda . ( f ) okay i send them the update . ( o ) yeah so i 'll also put it . so its actually in the slides themselves . there is now the link that work . okay , so please also ask tyson , if he could figure out whether he can inject not only the . we we can inject the the vocabulary , but whether he could inject the texts for us , because that would be uh . that would be helpful . so please . ( f ) to exactly output the transcript . ( o ) yeah , because for some of these videos , we we can easily go for video which has a corrected transcript . and uh , we could in the demo session , we could uh , run first , like the the the than the the non assisted one . and then we could move to a system , which knows what is going to be set . ( f ) mm-hmm . ( o ) because this is natural uh set up there for many of the speeches . that is well known what is going to be set . not the exact words but what is changing is actually just the full of words . and the ( ? ? ) words are are recognized pretty well . so my impression is that the asr , and even the segmentation . uh , works very well for this generic , like a low content sentences . and this is this is what is changing when people are giving speeches that are pre-written . ( f ) okay , how about you put that into an email , because i think , you know , best exactly how you imagine this . ( o ) well , just we will send you the plain text file . and we want this to be heavily promoted in the language model , that the anagrams . ( f ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , ( ? ? ) please do it to and if if if i get if if every ( ? ? ) , i will do it as well , its better to us ( ? ? ) not at all . ok . so uh , yeah . one last thing , uh ? t- t- two things . um , hopefully on wednesday , carlsruhe will know both about the electricity and the bomb . so on wednesday we should should create a new doodle poll to ask for the substitute slot for the for the demo , right ? so chiara please take care of that . ( c ) sorry ? ( o ) so please take care of preparing a new doodle poll for the project officer and ourselves . ( c ) yes . ( o ) when exactly . yeah exactly and i guess that on wednesday we should know the availability of carlsruhe building . ( c ) optimistic . ( o ) no i 'm not saying that the building will be available on wednesday . i 'm saying that we will know when it will be available . ( i ) we have an estimate . ( o ) yeah , we 'll have an estimate yeah . okay . ( f ) we had estimates before of course . ( o ) yeah yeah . and the other thing is that , so we 'll be doing these evaluations . uh . we may ask you for some evaluations by clicking as well , and we will try to do it ourselves as as much as possible . one important lesson i 've learnt with this demo prepations . is that we must avoid switching for new components before the demo . so there has to be at least i dunno know like uh , i would say like week of testing of the exact set up on the exact inputs that we are going to show whether assisted like domain adapted or not that is that is like a decision . that is made once . but it has to be tested the exact command the exact workers and no changes in that before the demo , because and improved segmenter . was actually killing the show today , uh , because it was causing the subtitles to reset too much . so there are too many parameters in the whole pipeline . and we really need to be sure that the bids that we have put together are compatible with each other . and the better component can actually damage the the overall performance , and it had happened . so please take keep this in mind that is a message important for everybody . and in the long term , we really need to have for like two running versions . one will be the production version , which contains things that have been tested for number of weeks on the development running version . and this development runing version is the thing that we can uh , that we can damage easily , but something will have to first work in the development running version for a week , and only then we 'll put it to the production version , and then we will not touch it , even if we have a better solution . so this is something that we really have to have uh , like separate the development version and the and the production version . okay , so i think that that could be it for me . i do not know whether you want to discuss something else . the zoom call will be still running . if if you like . ( d ) yes i would like to ask ivan which language did you follow . if you can confirm . was it english ? ( i ) yes was english . ( d ) in all . ( i ) in all the time , yes . ( d ) okay thanks . ( i ) i 'm sorry i i i barely made it to understand a bit . ( o ) you dont have to apologise . its . ( d ) chiara and do you check discussion , was it english ? ( c ) english yes . ( d ) yeah thanks . and ond- ondrej . ( o ) i wrote it in in the name so if if i didnt write anything it was english and i was also watching czech in the paragraph you and the name indicates it . so i actually used the name in the response form to indicate what i was watching . ( d ) okay thanks . ( o ) great . ok . so i 'm i 'm leaving thanks to everybody . for that , all the work . and um , yeah . we can thank the bump . and and the bigger forward , the extra days that we got . but at the same time i would like this demo to be like already after us so that we have passed the demo whatever the result will be . because it is quite stressful . i dunno know how for you . but , but for me . it is the really um a little bit . over . my capacity . no not really capacity but the level of stress that i can handle well . okay , so thanks and keep discussing whatever needs to be discussed i dunno maybe sangeet can . if if there is sangeet . anything that sangeet needs to ask . he can no . okay . so i 'm . i 'm just connecting me and yeah , so we 'll be in touch over the email we 'll find another slots for test and then the slots for the demo . so thanks a lot . ( c ) bye . ( o ) thank you bye bye . ( d ) bye . ( o ) i can not leave the meeting . yeah i can , thank you .", "tgt": "iwslt is without website . optimal screen resolution for demo should be 1920x1080 . developing and improving systems for speech recognition of english , german , french , spanish . overleaf is obscruing the public access . many words for segmenter . segmenter is slow . congress meeting was shifted one year ( may 2021 ) ."}
{"src": "( i ) hi sangeet . ( s ) hi , hi ivan , how are you ? ( i ) so i.sorry i i , yeah . is not straight . ah and that 's maria too , ok . ( m ) hello . ( i ) hi . ( m ) hi , how are you ? ( i ) i mean hi . ( s ) hi everyone . ( i ) so maria , you do n't know me , i guess . i ( ? ? ) . ok . i 'm , this is ivan from pervoice . ( m ) nice to meet you . ( i ) well , i i am ( ? ? ) . and chiara will join us in 20 minutes or so . the objective of today 's meeting is to well work out with sangeet . we are going to display to them . so i am told by ondrej that we 'll going to show the the what 's the word . ( s ) the subtitles ? ( i ) no i 'm think . the person who is going to watch the demo . ( ? ? ) comisor ? the reviewer . the . ( s ) he 's a alexander i think . ( i ) alexander yes . ( s ) yeah . ( m ) project officer . ( i ) the officer is going to see is going to connect to a meeting like this one . and we are going to show him a screen capture i guess . which is going to be split in to 2 vertical , 2 vertical parts . the the video with the subtitles on the upper side and on the lower side there 's going to be pervoice 's presentation platform . showing the subtitles again . the idea is to well some some video from from youtube or from some other source . with either german or english spoken language . which is going to be transcribed and then translate that to romanian . and shown on the split screen . today 's objectives are to first we we must ok . we need to test this set up and see it works . then we need to ehm you know select one of the a video to to translate . and then we are going to need maria 's feedback on the quality of the on the translation to romanian . eh i 'm told sangeet , ah sorry . is it sangeet with the soft g or sangeet with the hard g ? no i ca n't hear you now . i guess you 're mute . ( s ) yeah , so the little one , it 's sangeet with hard g. ( i ) ok . so now we know . thank you . so sangeet i need you to i 'm told you are some kind of powerful server i guess . ( s ) yeah . ( i ) which is going to to perform almost everything , right ? ( s ) yeah yeah . so first introduce myself . hi maria , i 'm sangeet sagr . i 'm working close with professor ondrej and i i 'm responsible for maintaining and running the system from from charles university . and right now so our work conversation is being live subtitled . and i would like to share you the the server where you can see the live subtitles . let me copy it . so here in the tap box i 'm i 'll be ( ? ? ) . ( m ) hi ondrej . ( i ) hi . ( s ) send messages . ( ? ? ) tap box in this , how it send message ? in in here ? ok i 'll i 'll paste in the google document . ( m ) there 's the side panel , you can use . if you click side panel maybe , there you could send the message . ( s ) i can see only the list of the persons . it has to be somewhere . ( m ) if you click side panel- ( s ) aha , ok , i got it yeah . so i send the link there and if you click there if you click it . and password , user name password is editor editor ( ? ? ) . so it will once you once you 're able to be with the subtitling platform . ( m ) ok . ( s ) so there are like lot of languages . ( m ) ok . ( s ) and you white one to like unselect most of the languages from the left side . from from right side . ( m ) ok , so now i see them all and i would have to click on each of them to unselect them ? ( s ) yeah ( ? ? ) yeah . ( m ) ok . can i left only-oh . well i think instead of romanian it 's showing russian . ( s ) i , yeah , are you already switch last night i think . i think russian and romanian there are like swapped . i i will soon . so can you choose russian ? ( m ) yeah , no , russian looks more like czech or slovak i think-oh ok , there are thing they are like polish is romanian . so i think they 're just-the ui is just it should be ( ? ? ) . ( s ) yeah , ok . so that 's slight bug backward that means . so i i i 'll fix it ( ? ? ) . so right now the polish is the real romanian right ? ( m ) yes . ( s ) ok , ok . so we need to keep up in order to view the subtitles . so i i think ondrej will ( ? ? ) to take over from here . ( m ) i think now it stopped . the thing . ( s ) yeah , because we are n't talking so . so . so , what we see . so can you comment anything about the subtitles the romanian subtitles ? i mean if you look at the real english asr and compare how how worse is it ? or is it . ( m ) so i think it does have a little bit of trouble telling when new turn started . or maybe just has lag . and it does have some some non sense in there to be honest . ( s ) aha . ( m ) but i do n't know if it 's because of the quality of the how how we 're speaking . so i can-i could n't say what we were talking about by reading . ( s ) ok , yeah please . ( m ) i guess i would also i 'm curious if you have some like what kind of quality feedback would you like me to give . maybe i could look over the transcript later on and give it some annotations or do you want just a general field to it . ( s ) ondrej , we can not hear you . yeah , we have not been hearing for you for long time . ( o ) oh yeah . i keep forgetting . yeah . ( i ) no i hear . ( o ) yeah , ok . so that 's i pasted the shorter url and you did n't hear me . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so so to answer maria 's question . for now general assessment is just like general confirmation whether it is usable or not . with all the troubles that are common to to machine translation . would be enough . later on we actually do not have anyone to review romanian . and what we are doing is we 're collecting very diverse test set and we are asking people to not really to translate . but to check the alignment of document so that they can serve reliably as as test sets . in our case . but romanian was was also included in wmt in some years ago . so we 're focusing . so this is what we should do . and we have not like carefully evaluated romanian with numbers yet . but we would like to have this test set focused on the auditing domain . so right now i see that sangeet set up is recognizing what i 'm saying in english . and that is , that means that the system is following the the audio output of of his own machine . if he starts playing video on youtube then we all should be watching the same video and and we should we should be able to assess also the delay with that . and you should give us a general assessment like how bad the the romanian is . and the set up that we would like to present to the project officer would be starting with czech instead of starting with english . and there it would be good if you could like tell us how bad it the romanian compare to the english . which is already result of a translation . ( m ) so czech audio which has english subtitles and i would be looking at the romanian- ( o ) yes . ( m ) subtitle that are generated with your your- ( o ) from the english . ( m ) from , ok , ok . ( o ) so would there be , would there be , would there be a source language that you could you could understand the source as well . czech is obviously not the one . ( m ) yeah . maybe we could make sense to the both . one where i do n't understand the language so i can tell you if i understand what the romanian saying about . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) yeah english would be the source that i would understand best . and maybe something like spanish would be- ( o ) yeah , i 'm not sure if- ( m ) or italien . ( o ) french . ( m ) french may understandable bit . ( o ) ok . ( m ) german very little but we could try it . but probably french would be if it 's not a lot of ( ? ? ) i might understand a little bit . ( o ) yeah . ok . so so we have tested french asr some weeks ago . so sangeet can you check whether french asr is available ? at the moment . and right now , maria you can check whether the romanian translation of what what i was saying in english is acceptable or or not . and it is delayed . it is delayed again , i do n't know why . ( s ) yeah , it is delayed , you 're right . ( m ) so so what is it translating from ? is it english- ( o ) from english . ( m ) ok . ( o ) from english , yeah . ( s ) right now we have german asr and french asr . so i can start start inter of them . ( o ) and then we need some source to to follow . some some like really speech- ( s ) yeah . ( o ) in french . ( s ) so actually i have german set up ready . and it can be started instantaneously . ( o ) ok . ( s ) so if you 'd like to , if you like me to start the german set up . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so i 'll i 'll briefly . so are you all looking also at this demo with alexander ( ? ? ) that that document , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so at the bottom , i 'm starting like note from this test session . and so first assessment and that was simply us talking english mt into romanian . and here so yeah . hard to understand what we were talking about , right ? is that is that a kind of a summary maria ? ( m ) yeah , i was looking to that translate . i say like some sentences do make sense but others are yeah do n't make sense . and occasionally there some random entities in there . i found one . yeah , funny . ups . client to translate czech but that in romanian is the same as writing like a bank check . there is a few confusions . yeah . yeah there are few sentences that makes sense and then some that are kind of half make sense . ( o ) yeah . so ok . thank you . so this is this is the result that i was hoping for . because obviously it 's not error proof at all . and it was not domain adapted for this particular setting discussing about the system and the language . we should do better in the domain of interest . but i 'm not sure whether we will do better . so there is a channel . yep . so here is a video , i 'll copy the link . it 's , how long is that . tell me . copy link location . so sangeet can you now try and we we all should try looking at this video . in the german subsection . ( s ) ok . ( o ) yeah , that 's just 2 minutes . 2 and , 2 minutes 41 seconds . that 's the video . so the link is at the very bottom of the google document . ( s ) aha , ok ok . sorry . ( o ) so if you can switch now the system to follow german . and the question is-how do we , how do we play it . so that we all have it like shared with the . how do we play the video so that we all see it at the same time . ( m ) maybe somebody could share their screen ? ( s ) share my screen , yeah . ( o ) but that yes , you can try . but that will kill the performance of your machine . because it will be like downloading the video , and sending the video and also doing the recognition and sending the so that's . and and the video quality will be pretty bad when when screen shared . i 'm afraid . ( s ) so i can try it once . so i think now you 'd be seeing the youtube . ( o ) yes . ( s ) yeah , ok . so i i.set up . ( o ) so maybe , maybe before just click play . so that we will see whether it will play . and . and then in the meantime try setting up . yeah , it 's delayed . horribly delayed . ( m ) i 'm going to turn my camera off for bit now . so that mind . ( o ) yeah , feel free to ( ? ? ) but i do n't think that it will help . yeah , so there is no way . there is no way to watch a video in in this like share session . so the way , maria if you can hear me . so sangeet please stop the video now . or actually stop sharing the screen because that is that is only killing the the perform the performance . so what we have done in the past was that we all had our mouse buttons ready on the play button . and through this shared conference call we clicked we said 3 2 1 go and on the go we clicked the play buttons . and everybody was watching his own copy of the video . and this- ( m ) ok , we can try that . ( o ) the start was synchronized . and and sangeet did that on the machine which was recognizing . so the subtitles were then available in the as as you are looking at them , in the online text flow window . ( s ) sorry , i have to ( ? ? ) to transmit the youtube audio . ( o ) sorry , say it again ? ( s ) i have to mute the meeting audio in order to transmit the youtube audio to the pipeline . ( o ) ok , so that means that that you will be there but we would not be able to talk to you anymore . because you could not hear us . ( s ) yeah , because if you if you speak again the your audio will also be transmitted to the pipeline . ( o ) yeah , so that 's why you should have for the real demo , 2 machines . ( s ) yeah , exactly , you 're right . ( o ) and with one of the machines the speakers will be muted from from the pexip call . and only the video would be there , right ? do you have a cellphone that you can connect with as well at this moment or not ? and that actually does pexip work with cellphones . ( s ) i have a ipad which might work with pexip but , so right now we do not have ( ? ? ) credential with pexip we just use like quest link . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and that has n't been working with with cellphones and tabs . so do you want me to try it . ( o ) no no , let 's let 's do it later . so please stop sharing your screen . but then if , when when you mute the pexip , then you still can talk to us , right ? your microphone-no . can you , can you still talk to us or not ? how do we synchronize the start ? ( s ) yeah , so i can speak but i i have to mute your audio . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) ok . so are you ready for the german sound input ? ( s ) yeah , so i- ( o ) so please set it up . please set it up so that now if we keep looking at the same thing , the same screen . then still hopefully it will like be recognizing . so should i now- ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) ok , so . i have to restart it now i stopped it . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( s ) yeah , it 's ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so now when i speak german it should be recognizing german , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely . ( o ) yeah . ( ? another _ language ? ) so so well . so in principle it is set up now . so sangeet . we will now everybody will now go to the video tap . and everybody will prepare window the window so that we see both . the the subtitles and the the video . and you will say 3 2 1 and on go you will click the play for the video link , right ? ( s ) ok , so- ( o ) and we will , and we will hear , everybody will click that at the same point , at the same time on the go signal . and we will hear , everybody will hear there own copy of the youtube video and every one will see the the subtitles that you are presenting in the elitr platform , right ? ( s ) yeah . yeah , right , i got it . ( m ) so so i will look into this text flow window to see the subtitles and then have another window in parallel where i 'll just watch the youtube , yes ? that where i keep the tap subtitles . where they displayed now . ( o ) yeah . i 'll i 'll try to illustrate that on by sharing my screen . where is that , pexip , share my screen . entire screen , allow . so this is what i 'm sharing now . so i have the video in the left hand part . and i have the subtitles in the right hand part and they they are like i need to scroll them to the very bottom . i 'll disable whatever i do n't want to follow . so i 'll keep following czech , i 'll keep following english and no , i 'll i 'll kept . yeah , ok . and then i i i would probably disable the other languages . so 3 languages fit reasonably well . so you in your case it will be good to see the german , english and romanian . ( m ) i do n't know if i will be able to follow . ( o ) yes . and then you can-yes exactly . and then you can dis-so you can keep just one . so whatever , it 's up to you . ( s ) i 'll try romanian and for now , that 's it . ( o ) and then and then sangeet will say 3 2 1 go . and then i have as i've-i do n't whether you have seen that but i 've played the video for myself . and i heard this also in my headphones . and the subtitles on the on the video are by google . so google is pretty good with subtitling . this is auto generated german and they can also auto generate into whatever we like . so i do n't know whether you are seeing that . ( s ) i can see that , yeah . ( i ) yes . ( o ) so , oh . this is no africans , i do n't want africans . i wanted , oh gosh . subtitles , auto translate . i wanted to scroll it , if there is romanian . russian , yes , there is romanian . so this is the google performance . and there are they are pretty good . i 'm i 'm afraid . so you can probably watch just romanian by google and romanian by us . ( m ) ok . ok . ( o ) so does that make sense ? ( m ) yeah . can you share the link to the youtube video so i can set up the windows . ( o ) yes . elitr window , that 's here . yep . so this is the youtube video link . i 'll i 'm stopping my screen sharing now . but this is something we need to simplify . i think we heard that . ( m ) ok , it 's ready to . ( o ) yeah , but it 's interesting , it 's interesting that i was that i heard that actually . ( m ) yeah , i i have headphones , so . i do n't know how . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) are we ready now ? ( m ) so so how do i put the translation on . ( o ) the google one ? ( m ) ok , german auto translate , ok i found it . i 'm just setting up to for the youtube one to have romanian . ok . ok . ok , well i 'm i set up my window so hopefully . when you when everybody else is ready , i can start . ( o ) yeah , so everybody should have now their-so and we should not be talking and you should actually mute us . so so sangeet please mute us on your machine . and then get ready to play and then say 3 2 1 go and on the go we all will click the play buttons . ( s ) ok . so , ok . right now , ok , got it . so on a count of 3 i will get started . so 1 2 3. ( ? another _ language ? ) so we have , we have audio being repeated from some someone . i think it 's . ( m ) i 'm going to mute my- ( o ) yeah , no but then you would not be able to hear the german . is that a problem or not ? yeah , ok . so so . so maria mute . ( s ) yeah , she can see it in the video . ( m ) let me just . ( o ) or , since we , since we all hear you , let 's make use of this . so i will mute my video . and and you . i will get the sound from you . through the pexip call . but then this is too bad for sangeet . because sangeet will get it twice . ( s ) no , i can even pause myself . pause the video and only- ( o ) that 's that 's that 's that 's low quality . ( m ) so so to be honest i do n't understand anything in german from audio . i could also cut the sound on my video display . ( o ) so so cut the s-please cut the sound on your video . and sangeet , remember , you need to mute the speakers . right ? so . so there is mute incoming audio . so there is there is this button on the pexip control panel . ( s ) aha , yeah yeah , sorry . got it , sorry . yeah , yeah i got it now , ok . ( o ) so so please try muting incoming audio now . and then confirm , that you can not hear me anymore . so i hope that you can not hear me . can you hear me ? now it 's muted . and please keep saying , please keep s- keep talking , so that we now that the outgoing audio is fine . please keep talking . so are you- ( s ) yeah , i i i just muted my audio and i ca n't hear you ( ? ? ) anything . ( o ) yeah , we can we can hear you . yeah yeah yeah . and we can hear you all the time that 's good . so please mute mute your incoming audio . and then tell us like 3 2 1 or you prefer 1 2 3 , right ? yeah ? ( s ) 3 2 1 is fine . ( o ) so no no no . do n't change it . so just do whatever you like but just one . and remember everybody remember to scroll the the set the video to the very beginning . ( s ) yeah . ( ? ? ) to zero . ( o ) zero ? oh , ok . i did n't know about that . ok . ( s ) i 'm muting myself . ( o ) so now should we be no longer recognized . when i say . ( ? another _ language ? ) yeah , when i say anything in german it is not doing anything . on the recognition . but he did n't tell us . where to start . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( m ) i ca n't really follow , do you mind if we restart ? ( o ) yes , sorry sorry maria , i 've stopped my german now . ( m ) i was n't able to follow any of it . ( o ) yeah , yeah yeah it was too- ( m ) and i think i started a bit later the video . ( o ) exactly . because we did n't hear sangeet . so i 'll i 'll yeah . ( m ) but also it 's hard to read to subtitles at the same time . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( m ) i could n't even read the youtube subtitles . ( o ) yeah . exactly i could n't follow either . so i was trying to do the same and it 's very difficult to to follow it . so how how can we simplify ? the set up . ( m ) well i think i could just try following your subtitles . ( o ) yes . ( m ) and then seeing if i understand then we can talk about whether i understood what video was talking about reading the subtitles . ( o ) yeah . so sangeet can you hear us now ? yeah . so we-did did you say the 3 2 1 go ? ( s ) i say fingers , with fingers . ( o ) oh i did n't see at all . but i think that your voice is not recognized , right ? in the in the set up . say something , say say guten tag . ( s ) guten tag . guten tag . guten tag . yeah , aha , ok . so it will not take my audio because it is taking the audio from the speakers and my audio is n't on microphone . ( o ) yeah , exactly . yeah , so you can safely talk to us . so you can safely say 3 2 1 go . while we are muted . so we do not disrupt your video . ( s ) ok . so we shall start again . ( o ) and there is one more problem . there is no czech . the czech is stuck . for some reason i do n't see czech translations . but- ( s ) so it was ( ? ? ) . the cs is is the real asr one ( ? ? ) ( o ) oh , ok ok ok . i did n't know that . so i 'll . ( s ) actually we ( ? ? ) the back translation also . and yeah . ( o ) so need to copy the link . so this is this is something that we really need to make very simple . so- ( s ) yeah . we definitely will make simple this . i made the set up to watch the real asr czech and the back translated czech . ( o ) so i 'll watch german , english and cz . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) this is my set of languages . ok . so my set of languages is now ready . can . i do n't see anything , is it running ? ( ? another _ language ? ) i do n't see anything . ( i ) i do . ( o ) aha , ok . so i can share my- ( s ) sometime it happens . i i do n't know why it happens . ( o ) so should i reload ? ( s ) no i think you will need to . i do n't know why it happens , but it happen with me and i had to like re-type the whole link . like manual ( ? ? ) cz then ( ? ? ) . ( o ) menu , german , english , cz . ( s ) you you might . ok . so let me send you another link . so you click that one and it should work for you . ( ? ? ) that 's it . ( o ) so wh-what could be the problem with this ? this is something that we have not . yes , so this one works . so what is the problem ? ( s ) i do n't know , it happen with me like- ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so we 'll have to . and i 'll disable the cs . so i think the problem is that if i disable the cs . that 's probably killing it . for some reason . no . you 're right . i 'll have to use the link that you sent me . so ivan what is what is wrong with your set up ? ( i ) oh no , nothing . ( o ) it works for you . ( i ) yes . yeah , i can deactivate languages and ( ? ? ) them and they work . ( o ) ok , that 's good . so i 'll i 'm just stuck with some bad set myself . but that 's not a problem . so i think we are ready now . so i 'm seeing german , english and czech . ( ? another _ language ? ) yeah , so so there were there were couple of seconds of delay i do n't know why that happened again . there is a big risk that the heavy network traffic on your machine sangeet will will be slowing things down . ( s ) yeah , that that 's could be possible . ( o ) so we need to test this actually separate of like . separate to maria . we do n't want to waste so much time of of maria . but now it 's actually working . if you look at the translations . there should be me counting into up to 8 , right ? yes . ( m ) i saw that ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . and i 'll do that again just to clear the buffers . that 's also important . and in the meantime . sangeet you should mute us and then say the and and what will you be saying ? so , tell us exactly , what . ( s ) 1 2 3 and- ( o ) yeah , and on 3.on 3 we will all click the the video play button , right ? yeah . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so everybody reset every- ( s ) as soon as you hear 3 you just click it . ( o ) yes . ( s ) your play button . ( i ) you could also say click . i i . ( o ) 1 2 click . ( i ) ok . ( s ) 1 2 click , ok . 1 2 click will be my statement . ( o ) yeah , ok great . so we 're ready for that . ( s ) so i 'm going to mute myself so i- ( o ) no mute ourself . ( s ) so 1 2 click . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) yeah , so . i can hear you now guys . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , there was horrible delay . it is still feeding the the german there . ( s ) really ? you mean ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so i think i soon as soon as i stopped the video it has started ( ? ? ) different for you guys . i do n't know . ( o ) so can you share the screen with what you saw in the text online text flow . because i.so that 's it 's too complicated of the system because . so maria was it delayed for you as well ? you 're muted probably , i do n't i do n't hear you . ( m ) i i might have been delayed . but i could n't really think it without audio . i could n't follow . what i did note is . so i ca n't honestly say what exactly it was talking about . something with services or with birds or with monitoring something . ( o ) aha , ok . ( m ) so maybe i could ( ? ? ) over it again . and i could also listen with the youtube su- subtitles to see if i can understand more about it from there . i did notice it got really for example at line 181 it kept listening in listening in and it kept trying to generate this long sentence . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( m ) and then i do n't know how it broke up the . so then there was a flow of like 2 3 lines one after each other . but there was like this long that time when , yeah . it was trying to compute one sentence . so there is i noticed that thing . i mean . i think it is having a very technical like something with . how do you say that in english . ( ? another _ language ? ) it sounds like bureaucratic european talk . i think it get the general idea . but i had trouble fo- following the doc flow at some point starting with 181 . ( o ) yeah . the the numbers are unfortunately not the same for everybody i think . i 'll check my numbers . ( s ) so i think . i feel that seeing my screen as as i paused the video it is start that line number 187 . so here is selected- ( o ) so i do n't see your screen for some reason i do n't see your screen . ( m ) yeah . ( s ) no ? ok . i 'll try to share again . ( m ) yeah i also i reading the script 187 is the the last 1 that make ( ? ? ) the previous one . ( s ) 187 is what was the last directed . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . that 's true . ( s ) and i think it stopped as soon as as i paused the video . i do n't know how it kept emitting for for you . maybe . ( o ) so it for me it also stopped at 187 but the problem was that it was still something which was said earlier . these are not the last sentences of the video . ( s ) aha . and and how ( ? ? ) ok , so i know that at the mt does that it keeps emitting the all . but i think if the line number- ( o ) the line numbers corresponds . ( s ) yeah the line numbers are ( ? ? ) there must be updated i mean . so i mean there will be quite latest did- ( o ) actually yeah you 're right . so it is probably the last sentences of the of the video . but so for some . so maybe the reason was that i i click the video playback too late myself . and that caused the little delay . that is that is possible . ( ? another _ language ? ) yeah yeah , you 're right . yeah so it was i was my video playback was late . and that that 's why . that 's why the video was still was talking for me . and the yeah , so this is . ok so there is no way that we will ask the people watching this to actually click the play button . that 's too risky . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so we have to come up with a way to to launch it for them . and then there are the problem for the segmentation . that 's what maria said . the the big chang the listening in . so actually the this particular talk is not to euro speak . these long sentences are not naturally there . the sentences the the speaker makes our reasonable . it 's our system that fails to find the the division of sentences . so that 's the that 's the problem . ( m ) yeah . i mean it in the end it 's seems like it did break it apart . but as i was . yeah but i think there are some error there . ehm . but yeah i can . maybe i could listen to the . i mean it 's definitely something with audit and austrian birds and this . ( o ) yeah so it was not not the birds . nothing about birds . it 's all about- ( m ) no ? ( o ) no . ( m ) there is something with birds in in the- ( o ) so so now now you can try playing the video with youtube subtitles . ( m ) ok . i will i will i will do this now . ( o ) and and you will probably understand what it 's about . because i.i could follow . they the youtube subtitles are like pre-computed . so there are not live . ( s ) so i 'd like to hear speaker like you can view a youtube transcript ( ? ? ) at once . and you will get like kind of ( ? ? ) and i would like to show you how you can get that . ( o ) aha , in youtube ? so . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah . ( o ) are you sharing the screen now ? ( s ) yeah i want to share my screen . so here you see- ( o ) i do n't see your screen . i do n't see your screen . it tells me that you have started the presentation but i do n't see it . ( s ) ( ? ? ) view . do you see it now ? ( o ) maybe you 'll have to wait . but . i do n't see it . ( i ) no . ( o ) it says that you have started presentation . but i still see only your face . like live . yeah i see on your camera . ( s ) ( ? ? ) in that video description you have like this like shared save . and there there- ( o ) 3 dots ? open transcript . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) open transcript . yeah ok .", "tgt": "first review of romanian subtitles . what feedback is needed . evaluation of subtitling quality . playing german video and subtitles . problem how to play it for each one . arranging signal for starting the video . delay of subtitles - why ? because of what ? what was video about from romanian subtitles ."}
{"src": "( c ) good morning . ( o ) ah , hi morning . yeah . so it works , that 's great . yeah so who all do we expect to be in the call ? sangeet , and then possibly also felix and phil . ( c ) possibly . for sure ivan will join us . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) we made the plan c working on our developments server . ( o ) and plan c that 's the like click all click according to the instructions . ( c ) yep . ( o ) ok . yeah . so we need multiple solutions . ( c ) yep . i think that probably at the end we will use both of them . especially if you would like to live translate the meeting- ( o ) itself . yeah , and you 're afraid of this . ( c ) ju- well . from the work point of view , no , because actually it 's not our asr and not work machine translation . but from the personal point of view , a little bit . because actually i know everything will work . but i also know that the polity of the output will not be that good . ( o ) yeah , but that 's , the question is whether anybody has a better output quality . and i do n't think that this is that is the case . ( c ) ok . ( o ) so that 's why i think it 's like it 's we 're in the middle of the project , i think it 's good to show where the state of ( ? ? ) is . and i i do n't think that we 're bellows the state of the art . ( c ) ok , nice . ( o ) maybe i 'm like overly self-confident , but . ( c ) well , you know , you are you are the the head of the project so that . i will follow you , do n't worry . ( o ) yeah , yeah , so let 's let 's see what the others will say . we can , i 'm i 'm not opposed like in voting on this for example . so that everybody has or even if even someone would like to have a veto voice that 's that 's fine as well . yeah , so while while waiting for the others , because i have too many other things and i 'll be like skipping of the call and- ( c ) do n't worry . ( o ) again , i will like to join at 10 again . when maria is in . and so so that we know like how to proceed with with the real user or observer . and the question is what will we put to the agenda . i was kinda surprised the one they ask for agenda . because i thought that we will just play this for you and and then you will like comment and we will say why it is so bad at or why does what it does . ( c ) i was cared by the number- ( o ) number , yes so was i . ( c ) what ? ( ? ? ) people from eurosai site then the actual project people . ( o ) it 's not eurosai . it 's not eurosai people . this is all the this is actually worse for us in in a way . so . this is all the european community ec . so the- ( c ) ah , european community , sorry . ( o ) the the ec ec people . so it will it will be the various heads of the dg something . and . ( c ) 10 15 people . ( o ) yeah yeah yeah , exactly . so this i 'm also afraid of of this . but imagine that actually in just 20 days from now , we normally we should have had 2 to 4 hundred people looking at it . so this 10 to 15 directors and the main heads of like supervising all our money flow ( ? ? ) is not much worse . ( c ) ok ok , it 's a good point of view . well my my idea now is to let ivan and sangeet when they join us , prepare the demo for maria . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) if you would like to join us for a pre-pre-pre-pre demo , so that we can explain you the the points and how it works . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) then we will have the romanian translation demo with maria , at 10 o'clock . and then probably we have to discuss about the agenda and . ( o ) yeah , i 'll i 'll have to- ( c ) good morning phil . ( o ) yeah , hi . hi phil . i really have to leave at 11 sharp . so that 's that 's another like complication but it 's not the last day before the the demo day . but we should send the agenda at some point . so phil we 're discussing that yeah we got a little bit scare from the number of planned visitors or or the the the size of the audience for the demo . ( p ) yeah , that was that 's bigger than i was expecting . ( o ) yeah , and it will be all the all the heads of the various directory generals . so that 's this is all our money for the next 2 decades . so we should we should use the demo in in decent way . and i do n't know what to what to put into the agenda . so i think because it will be people outside of the project probably we have to briefly introduce the project as as a whole . again like the the slide with the meeting summarization and this is again an option to make that call to action . so that they would donate us data . on the elitr webpage there is a new blog post . which is on data collection . so elitr dot eu blog and it says `` recipe for miracles to happen '' . that 's that 's that . but it 's just a technical thing actually . so if you have any institution that could have their meetings and could provide us with their minutes , then direct them to this blog post , because it illustrates what we are collecting and it will straights what what we 're going to do with that . so the goal which will probably be accomplish only outside of the elitr time frame will be these regular workshop as we have for speech recognition , spoken language translation and machine translation to have these also for mi- meeting summarization . and with these with the series of such workshops i 'm quite confident that it will evolve to something usable . so elitr can only start this . but i think that i 'll i 'll mention this to in the demo session and whenever you 're in touch with any institution note that there is already data partners at the very end of that blog post . if you 're looking at it . there is elitr , bergamot , and other project that we have . ok that 's actually they list a wrong one . but never mind . and the prague institute of planning and development . so we have some someone outside . hi ivan . and they are giving us their weekly meetings which are run in zoom . in czech , obviously . and they are also giving us the minutes , so we are collecting this data and lot of this data will will have to remain secure . we will see how much we can actually publish for for the competitions but this is collection that that we want to grow . so the more we can get the better . ( c ) what what about the the recordings we lost in that ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , they are unfortunately lost . so that 's yeah . but that that was just 2 or 3 sessions , so not many . ( c ) ok . ( o ) so that 's luckily we did n't use that platform too often . because they are strict with deleting the files and dominik was too busy with preparation for various campaigns and i was also too busy to like supervise this unfortunately this , yeah . this is this is lost but that 's luckily it 's not too many . ( c ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so we are missing sangeet and i 'm not sure if i have his cellphone number . it 's too early in the morning . for him . ( c ) also for me . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) ivan , meanwhile may i ask you to prepare the german into romanian plan c demo ? so that we can at least start from here ? ( i ) ok , so i 'm already one button script for to invoct the streaming . so just . well i need to search the map for the for the the path . so it 's very early and- ( c ) do n't worry . i also miss my coffee this morning . ( i ) so i 'm looking for the romanian brai- fingerprint right now . ( o ) yeah so , so sangeet will join shortly i think he did n't realize that he should be here from 9 for the preparations . he probably thought that the call is start at 10 . so what do we put into the agenda for the demo session . the brief introduction of the project , the call to action for data preparations . and then maybe some so this is like outside of the demo itself . and then should we like prepare the the audience to something ? or should we first give them the demo and then discuss the technologies and their limitations , what will you recommend ? ( c ) i recommend to start from what actually works . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) i suggest to start with demo . and then pass to the more to discuss regarding the the lack of the actual technology in order to conclude with the feature works . ( o ) yeah . yeah i agree , that make sense . ( c ) ok . call to action . i 'm writing something in google doc . ( o ) there is some some issue with the agenda . ( c ) there is the to do . in the to do to do list . the last point is the agenda . ( o ) hmm , milo\u0161 says that the document is read only . ( c ) really ? ( o ) but it it is not . i see anyone on the internet with this link and edited . ( c ) yes , i also see milo\u0161 as editor . ( o ) i see milo\u0161 as editor as well , right . so may- maybe i did n't get . he talks about the agenda . is agenda in other document ? no . ( c ) no , no no no no . it 's on page 1 2 . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) on page 3 , the last point , exactly . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so , yeah . that is strange . so milo\u0161 has some strange link . which does n't really work for him . ( c ) oh i can re-share it , of course . ( o ) no , but that 's like he says that in the chat , so . so milo\u0161 are you are you here can you talk as well ? maybe , maybe not , i 'm not sure . ah ok , so milo\u0161 can not speak , never mind . yeah , ok . so i think that for the agenda i 'll prepare some slides . that will be mainly re-use of of the previous slides . one of slides will say demo and then we will see what what exactly is in the demo . and the current plan is to have that ted talk that in german that was selected by felix , right ? and so it 's it 's quite important that people are not overwhelm with too many things to read . so we should really narrow down what everybody is will be looking at . because we are quite experienced already with like following to too many subtitles at the same time . and we know that we need to disable them to to start accessing them . so if we overwhelm them then their only final impression will be just confusion from too much jumping text . if we are very strict , we can i think this this overwhelming is is useful as well . but we should first start with some limited view . where they only see maybe the english generate out of that german . and only then expose them the all all the languages to them and then allow them to- so this is this is something that we need to choose . whether they each of them should follow their mother tongue or all of them should follow english . maybe all of them should follow english for a while . and or or maybe we start with each of them following their mother tongues . so we will give them instructions `` please , select the languages , select- '' ( c ) no no no no ( o ) no ? ( c ) the the demo should run in shared screen . this because there 's no time to explain people how to- ( o ) click anywhere . ( c ) in the , using correct the platform . ( o ) does this work ? if you 're really sharing the video , i saw it always to like jumping . the network was overloaded i the by the incoming . so so i do n't think we can use the communication platform which should be probably zoom . for distributing the video . we can use it only for the discussion itself and then for the video people need to be independently watching . ( c ) ok . ( o ) otherwise the network will not not manage . ( c ) this is something that we can test actually how to arrange it . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) if the video it 's stream the online for example with the m3u8 url . it opened by browser for example . or in the vlc software but actually it start ( ? ? ) a little bit more complex . i think that probably giving them the video to be could work . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) good morning sangeet . ( o ) ok , so as i said i 'll probably disappear from the call now , please go ahead with the technical preparations . and i 'll re-join before 10 . you can e-mail me in the mean time if i should connect earlier but , yeah . and at 10 maria will probably join . did she receive the link ? i 'll send her the link . ( c ) yes . ( o ) just as a reminder . that at 10 we 're we 're expecting them . ok , so thanks , so i 'll i 'm leaving the meeting now and try to- ( c ) ok , see you later . ( o ) yeah , thanks , thanks a lot . ( c ) ok . ( s ) so , yeah , hi everyone . ( c ) in , tell me . ( s ) ( ? ? ) at 9 but i was not sure where to find the zoom link . ( c ) oh , ok ok , do n't worry , do n't worry at all . ( s ) so i- ( c ) ok , the next 40 minutes we have to prepare the maria 's demo . ( s ) yeah , so- ( c ) from german to romanian . ( i ) ok , yes , i 'm i do n't seem to be able to find a path for that . i . ( c ) ok . ( i ) there is no there is no romanian output that can find . register right now . ( s ) yeah , because i have restarted the system yet . ( i ) ok . ( s ) so do you- so so i have prepared the plan b which is delivering instruction and falling the subtitles then . and yeah let 's let 's start it . so the source asr will be english asr or german asr ? ( c ) asr . ( i ) yes , we 're we 're using the same german video we 've been using for a bit . ( c ) is is the one selected by . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah , do n't worry . ( c ) by felix , let me check it please . ( s ) so , shall i play the video from youtube or from pervoice presenter ? ( c ) we will test both of the solution because we have also to display them to ondrej . ( s ) ok , ok ok . so just let me know the the source of the video and i i 'll start the ( ? ? ) ( ? another _ language ? ) ( i ) so we have trying plan b first and then plan c just in case , right ? ( s ) yeah , ok . ( c ) no we will play both of them ( ? ? ) ondrej 's idea is to first demo pre-recorded video . ( i ) so today we use both , exactly . ( c ) both but also they ( ? ? ) demo . probably . ( i ) ah , ok yeah . ( c ) because we want to show the pre-recorded video . and then we want to test non-native speakers live speaking . so that ondrej will speak and probably sangeet will catch the audio and pass it the to the asr using plan b. ok . i 'm going to make a coffee or sorry . i 'll be back in 1 minute . ivan , when you 're ready , tell us . ( i ) ah yes or i 'm i 'm going to ( ? ? ) to leave in a bit , sorry for that . i 'm leaving notes chiara to you on the platform itself there 's read me . ok so i have a script which is set up to read the input video from that pre-processed file . so to not affect performances as much . ( c ) as i 'm going to connect and test it together with you in couple of minutes so that i 'm sure that everything works . ( i ) ok , we can test it ( ? ? ) german subtitles right now or we can hook up the pipeline for the romanian but i need a fingerprint . is it online ? sangeet ? ( s ) yeah . ( i ) is the translator and what the other word , oh my god . ( s ) subtitler . ( i ) no , ok the publisher is already online . i do n't know if it it fits . ( s ) yeah , we we have a publisher for romanian already . ( i ) yes , the fingerprint is is ( ? ? ) ? i do n't know if your pipeline is hook up to- ( s ) yeah , it is . and just on you . i will play the short video and we will see the subtitles as well . ( c ) ( ? ? ) credential . ok i 'm online ivan , where did you put the- ( i ) ok so in the home of the of wrote there is a an elitr ( ? ? ) set up . ok ? you can fi- you can find- ( c ) wait wait wait wait wait . ah ok . ( i ) so there is a there is a general read me and read me just for you and then there is a one button set up script which does the thing . ( c ) ok . ( i ) well i 'm editing the script right now so to where is- so to get the fingerprint . let 's see this works . ( c ) at the moment . set up . ok do we have romanian here , yes . a a and it 's configured . language we have ro . oh this is my coffee . ( i ) sangeet can i ask you to to paste either in chat or on the document the fingerprint fingerprint set up you are using ? because i ca n't find it on the on the web page . yes . ( c ) look from en and should be corrects because we use english ( ? ? ) is it correct ivan ? yes . good , really good . ok . ivan would you like to support me for one run ? ( i ) yes . ( c ) ok , i 'm connected i 'm here and i have to type just one button set up , is it first ? ( i ) yes , i still need to input the fingerprint , the correct fingerprint so i 'm very slow this morning i . ( c ) do n't worry , do it . ( i ) i . ( c ) ah this is my coffee . ( s ) ivan , by the way the correct fingerprint for romanian and some of the languages have already been configured in the pervoice presenter . ( c ) sorry ? ( i ) so eh , sorry , your microphone is . ( s ) ok , ok . just a minute , just a minute . i think that the corret correct fingerprint have already been configured in the pervoice presenter . ( c ) yes . ( i ) yes , but i also need to to call them from my ab client and . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . ( i ) i , it 's a personal issue , not not a screen issue . i ca n't find the web , from admin web i st- i i can not search the path from english . ( c ) oh , really ? ( i ) it does , i keep refreshing , may maybe i 'm doing something wrong . ( c ) admin web two ? ( i ) yes . ( c ) ok . ( i ) no results . ( c ) search path . ok . ( i ) i i know which publisher we are using because there is just one for the romanian . who 's going to output to that ? so the . which translator is going to produce romanian ? ( c ) alora . from the audio to the text . there is a path , let 's check for if there 's the the translation f- in english . search . ( s ) or it's- ( c ) to english . maybe it 's just the search path that is not working . try to test it to ab client . ( i ) just a raw . ( c ) yep . ( i ) c'mon , c'mon . ( c ) ok , ok . is it listed here the the romanian machine translation in the spreadsheet ? i ca n't see it but maybe it 's just early morning also for me . it works . no . ( i ) i get no connection i mean there is no path to romanian . ( c ) ok , sangeet , may i ask you to share with us input and output fingerprint of the romanian machine translation ? sangeet , sangeet , pardon . sangeet ? is the romanian machine translation up and running ? ( s ) ah , i just test it for a few minutes and i stopped it now . ( c ) ok , leave it up and running because also you would like to test it . ( i ) yeah we need , we need worker to be online otherwise . well , i mean , in principle we can i do n't know test the the german again to show because i 'm going to disappear in a minute so . ( c ) yes , ivan do n't worry at all . sangeet , can you start the machine translation of romanian again , please ? so that we can make ( ? ? ) test . ok . ( s ) you mean with asr , right ? ( c ) we would like to . ( i ) both the a , the asr and a translator . ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) well , actually the pipe is from german audio obtain german text translate in english text and then from english to romanian . ok . ( s ) so you just want english and romanian and german , no- nothing else . or do you want like others languages . ( c ) we would like to test the pipe that starts from german audio and up to romanian text . ( s ) ok , ok , i run it . ( c ) and please share with us the machine translation fingerprint of romanian so that we can check a work pipe . ( p ) ( ? ? ) have a worker which can do direct translation from german into romanian . ( c ) yes , we know . the english pivots . ( p ) ok . ( s ) what we are using the english pivot no i 'm using for this worker which translates from the german to romanian . ( p ) ok , cool . yeah i thought you were doing pivoting . ( c ) ah ( ? ? ) pivoting . oh ok . ( s ) i i could- ( c ) do n't worry . ( p ) never mind , i may misunderstood . ( i ) yes . ( s ) but i think first worker does n't offer english translation , right ? ( i ) sorry guys , i i . ( s ) ok ok . ( i ) yeah , the script is set up , there are two sets of the fingerprints , chiara you can choose . ( c ) one ( ? ? ) ( i ) let me check that my editor is closed . so ok . bye everyone , sorry . i 'll be back when i can . ( c ) bye ivan . ok . sangeet . please write in the chat the fingerprint of the machine translation we would like to use for the demo . ( s ) ok . ( c ) ok . ( s ) ehm phil by the way , does your regular worker provides translation to english , does it ? ( p ) the german ? ( s ) yeah yeah . ( p ) translator . ehm , ( ? ? ) i think possibly the worker does n't currently but it 's easy to change . so ok , so which languages would you like ? basically everything we have now plus english , or ? ( s ) yeah , that would be great . because i i had an english worker running until yesterday and i do n't know why why it is stop and it 's difficult to get . ( p ) ok . ( s ) gpu for for it now , but let me still check . ( p ) ok and english to the next and restart worker ? ( s ) meanwhile , may i ask you to write me the fingerprint of the machine translation work- ( s ) yeah , i i sorry . i i i did but i forgot to remind you . it 's in the google document itself . ( c ) ah , ok . ok . ( s ) ok , so shall i ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yes , thank you . ( s ) ok , ok . so here . ( c ) ok , asr . ( s ) vee from ean to deeu from ean pub . and . ( c ) and . ( s ) romanian from ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ok , ok . ro ( ? ? ) en . i think that , are are you able to run this kind of pipe and putting input german asr , ge- german audio and obtain romanian text . ( s ) yeah i do but like it it need some quite ugly hacking like hard-cording the fingerprints sometimes . ( c ) in fact i suppose that there is no direct path between this two . let me check again . ( s ) so i quickly start the worker for english first to that i should also see english . and then it will start the pipeline very quickly . ( c ) ok , this path exists . ok there is no way to arrange our demo with the actual fingerprints map . because there is no direct path with german and romanian . it works in the plan b because actually pipe text on on the client site . which is definitely not the way to use the the service architecture . but actually it works so . will not comment it , it works . but we can not do it on our site with plan . until you prepare the cuni server and ( ? ? ) your pipe in the cuni server so that you will have your mega pipe , piping text into many clients . and we give you the the part of the script which actually place simultaneously video and audio . since maria is going to arrive in 9 minutes , first to test together the plan b . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( c ) ok , and we will reason about plan c later , ok . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . ( c ) meanwhile i 'm going to start the correct fingerprint path , maybe we can arrange it today . we use the same , audio to text . did you confirm me that the machine translation worker for romanian it 's not up and running ? ( s ) yeah , it 's not , i 'm on time to get the english worker up so that i can also see that english subtitle . ( c ) ok . just i was not see it connected to the to the mediator . ( s ) english worker behaves really ( ? ? ) let 's start without the english . ok , so i play the video from youtube itself , ok ? ( c ) ok . ( s ) so , how do you want it distribute . ( c ) well , i would like to see the demo set up . so that you are going to share your screen . ( s ) ok . ( c ) online text flow in the upper side of the screen . the text of presentation platform in the lower side . we will see the countdown . and when the countdown says to play start we will play start on upper shared video . this is the plan b demo . ( s ) ok . ( c ) ok . ( s ) my system 's overloaded from zoom and . ( c ) when the worker is up and running please give me- ( s ) yeah . ( c ) ok . so so that i can definitely check the the existing pipe . ( s ) i need to relieve the window . hard . so here is the video and i 'm just want to have them . where is this thing . ( p ) hi maria . ( m ) hi , hi philip , nice to see you again . ( p ) yeah , you too . ( c ) hi , good morning . ( s ) hi good morning . ( m ) good morning . ( o ) hi . ( s ) so let 's let 's start it . ( o ) so let me ask chiara in the meantime . what is what is the status now . because i 've i was n't here for the most of the our preparations . ( c ) ok , we checked the actual existing fingerprints . and plan b can not be displayed at the moment . plan c , sorry . the reason is that at the moment does n't exist a direct pipe starting from german to romanian . so that we will need to all have our direct pipe so that we will be able to run it . or having cuni 's server and sharing with cuni actually it 's already the github repo repo . we will share it again . share with cuni the the methodology in order to both stream audio and stream video . so that you can run your mega pipe in your web server . and this is what actually i prefer as option because it 's important to let you be able to replicate this kind of demo . but we will work on it do n't worry . ( o ) so that 's plan b. so plan c can not be tested now and plan b- ( c ) no , just now . ( o ) and plan- ( c ) since focusing on the romanian translation . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) sangeet is preparing the plan b demo . and it he 's arranging his screen so that we will be able to see both the presentation platform and online text flow . ( o ) so this is sangeet 's screen , right ? ( c ) yes . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) ok . and so that we will proceed with the romanian understandibility . test . ( o ) yeah . so for maria , she can watch this screen . and we will see whether this is smooth enough or not . and if it 's not , then or if the font size is too small then maria can also decide to look at the links . so for example the lower part the lower window , which now sangeet has increased in size . this quest msmffcunicz ( ? ? ) thousand text flow . this is something that maria could open on her own web browser . to have better resolution , right ? ( s ) yes . ( c ) yes , but i would like to test the final demo . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( c ) situation also . ( o ) yeah , yeah , so the final demo situation is that maria should only be looking at this shared screen by sangeet . ( c ) exactly . ( s ) yeah . ( m ) ok , that 's fine with me . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) sangeet you have to open also the presentation platform output . ( s ) i ( ? ? ) ( o ) and i see another technical problem . will we hear the sound from the video ? because the play back has to go not only to sangeet 's headphones but also to the zoom call . ( s ) you need to open this link and follow the instructions what you see in the in the presenter . ( o ) ok , so that is the most important part . ( s ) yeah . ( c ) plan b is the one which involves the count down appearing . that each remote participant will be able to play all at the same time . ( o ) ok . so if those who do not need to listen to the german sound can only watch and those who would like to listen as well they need to open the video and play it at the same time as the the video is started on sangeet screen right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so maria can safely stay with this view and i will try . ( s ) yeah yeah , definitely . ( c ) when to try the the demo output . which is ( ? ? ) ok this one . i think that we are going to increase the views of this video on youtube . exponentially . ( o ) yeah yeah , that 's quite possible . ( s ) so let me know let me know when everyone is ready and i can start then . ( o ) i see one strange thing . and that is in the elitr pervoice com platform . the subtitling there is the video included but it is only the last 9 seconds . ( c ) it 's for the plan c demo . since we are able also to include the the video in the presentation output it was just a test of the paste days . we can remove the video for example . ( o ) ok . ( m ) sangeet would you mind putting the tab with the the subtitles bit further up ? ( s ) yeah . ( m ) just in case the . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( c ) if you refresh the page , the video should disappear . ( s ) ok , ok , great . ( c ) are we going to see also english subtitles , because i 'm not that good in romanian . ( s ) i i did plan to use english subtitles but english workers are something 's wrong with english worker . ( c ) ok , do n't worry at all the german one instead it 's going to be used . ( s ) yeah yeah yeah . so will have from . ( c ) ok . i i can try to get something from german . ( o ) ok , so if i 'm understand correctly there is no english involve in the german to romanian translation . ( s ) no . ( o ) is the direct model that goes from german into romanian . ( s ) yeah , yeah . it 's phil phillip 's model and we 're i 'm using that right now . ( p ) yeah , i 'm i 'm actually slowly confused what i was going on with this . because it looks like the ( ? ? ) slowing through my english english input system . so it looks like it 's going english into romanian . ( o ) sending german into the english channel . probably . ( p ) ok , so yes . so i 've got 2 workers running , 1 does translation from german into several languages including romanian . the other one does translation with english into the same well more or less the same languages . and it looks like the data is coming through the english one . ( c ) ok , sangeet please check your pipe , ok ? ( s ) yeah , my pipe is ready right now and . ( c ) yes , but if i correctly un understood of course . phil is saying that you are going to use the english into romanian instead of the germany to romanian . ( s ) ehm- ( c ) did i understood correctly ? ( s ) so what i , ok . so first one right now takes german input and emits ( ? ? ) packet which has several languages . right , right phil ? ( p ) yes . ( o ) phillip has 2 models . ( s ) yes , so one has like multiple languages and one has only a sub set up of languages , if- ( o ) they differ in the source language . ( s ) yes , definitely , so i 'm using the one which has german as a source language . ( o ) phillip sees it the other way round . ( s ) ok . ( o ) let 's test it . let 's test it and if the romanian is very bad- ( c ) a raw test . if it does n't make sense . sorry marie . ( s ) ok , so we know any further ( ? ? ) let 's let 's start , ok ? so , maria should just look at my screen and ondrej maybe perhaps try to get this on on video . ok . so ok , so i 'll start right now . ( c ) ok . wow also the countdown is translated . super cool . ( s ) ok , so that was the complete . ( o ) yeah so this is this is autoplay . ( s ) so one moment before anyone next any comment i 'd like to speak to ondrej that the . so when i emit these instruction the count down , it comes faster in pervoice presenter and rather slow in request . so by the time when the count down reaches 5 or when the count down reaches 0 in pervoice presenter , the countdown is still around like 5 or 4 in the in the in the quest . ( o ) sorry , i could n't hear that because my youtube was on autoplay and it 's started talking german the next video in addition to that . i 've notice that there was a mismatch between i clicked on 0 exactly at the zero , and i was too early . my sound was too early compare to yours . ( s ) yeah , exactly . so what i 'm saying is that the countdown is delayed in quest . ( o ) aha . ( s ) so by the time the count down is like 5 or 4 in quest , the count down has already reached 0 in in pervoice presenter . ( o ) so i was looking at the pervoice presenter and i clicked when the pervoice presenter told me 0. then the sound was too early compare to what you were show . or what i was seeing in zoom . maybe there is another delay in zoom . ( s ) no no no , that 's not the- ( c ) i i took a couple of notes and i also have the the feeding that the the tag ( ? ? ) platform . had a little delay , but i think that we have to to . ( s ) technical details return first we should hear maria 's . ( o ) yes , exactly . you 're muted . ( m ) yeah , so i think the translation was a better than what we saw last time . it was no birds . so i think it was mostly made sense , occasionally maybe at 8 and 13 where this this longer this longer sentences i maybe that that was i can not like a disappear of the screen because it took some time to generate it and i did n't actually have time to read it . ( s ) long sentence , yeah . ( m ) yeah and i guess the 13 as well it 's bit . ( s ) yeah , even , yeah agree that it 's pretty long sentence . ( m ) yeah , so i think it 's much better than last time cause i i got the point . so it 's mostly fluent . from like i have trouble when it 's blinking light gray . then it becomes harder to to keep reading while it 's keep generating . so sometimes it feels like i 'm loosing track of the of the translation . and ok . so it 's not perfect , but i kind of now i can read through it and understand what what it 's talking about . but it 's also that the like it 's talking about i guess it 's very bureaucratic so ( ? ? ) . i guess one other observation i have is that the instruction at the beginning maybe those like if you scroll up when you show the demo . it says `` please make click on the game '' . when the the number reaches zero . and so , and 2 i think it i think you ( ? ? ) on english word that we can use . but the correct word are should be like romanian subtitler . if you want to show this demo with the first instructions , i think maybe they ( ? ? ) i ca n't give you the translation for the the for the instructions . ( s ) aha , ok . thanks . ( m ) maybe that 's word ( ? ? ) , that 's translated as as game . the game that , yeah . but i guess that 's translated by the same model as the rest of the talk , so maybe it 's a bit auto . ( o ) maybe we say to keep this in english . and try to not to ruin the instruction through the mt . but i do n't know if this is easy or hard . ( s ) so like ok , ok . so so will discuss this later on . ( c ) ok . ( m ) so we try another video that i have n't listen to before ? ( o ) that 's yeah , that 's a good idea . and we could try the other one that felix recommender , right ? the ted talk . ( s ) yeah , i have a list of talks here . ( c ) maybe ask you , sangeet , to make the presentation platform output being wide as the wall screen . ( o ) yes , that is important for the logo size . ( c ) yeah . ( s ) you mean maximizing the this our presenter or pervoice presenter ? ( o ) no , no , pervoice . ( c ) because because actually the zoom box , video boxes cover most of the output . and i also note that your your computer has efficient resolution in order to avoid the ( ? ? ) problem . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) this could be also as manu improvement . ( s ) so let me open this german ted talks . ( o ) so i 'm afraid i 'll have to disconnect earlier because i have n't finish my works . but i 've recorded the assessment by maria into our google doc , i do n't know if you see it . but maria is maybe not looking at the document but if you could , maybe chiara , if you could do the same for the next video . ( c ) yes , sure . ( o ) yeah . and maria , thanks a lot for for this test . the one think that i wanted to ask everybody to do what 's to agree on the next slot for our team . and i do n't know whether we should again ask you maria for the assessment i do n't think it is that necessary . but our team should definitely meet again soon , so please figure out slot and put it to the to the google doc . yeah , ok , so thanks a lot and i 'm i 'm disconnecting at the moment , and i keep my all my fingers crossed for for the next video as well . yeah , thanks , bye bye . ( c ) bye . ( p ) bye . ( s ) ok , so yeah yeah . so you want me to maximize the like this . ( c ) maximize on wide , not of course because we still have to see both the outputs . thank you . ( s ) so i just have a little space here to click the video . ( c ) do n't worry , do n't worry . ( s ) so , ok , so this video is like 14 minutes long . and so , when will you want to like this pause it it 's going , it 's enough . just like say it in the mike . ( m ) maybe like 3 minutes or so if if they start . ( s ) ok , so i 'll myself pause the video , then ( ? ? ) . ok , so . start . aha i have some error here . ( c ) meanwhile , may i ask you a question sangeet ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , please . ( c ) the romanian machine translation is the rb . ( s ) so , yeah , so so . ( c ) the romanian machine translation is rb minus eu under score from de minus . is it correct ? ( s ) so ok , you mean the subtitler , the publishing sub- ( c ) no , i mean the machine translation worker . because i still need to check the the pipe . so i 'm looking for ( ? ? ) worker to be used for translation . is the rb minus , ok cool , super cool . ( s ) so here , ok . ( c ) this one . i i was searching for r and instead it 's r , ok . this explain everything . thank you . ( s ) yeah . something something is wrong with this . i do n't know why . just just ( ? ? ) ( c ) we have it . ( s ) i 'm sorry about this . ( c ) do n't worry . ( s ) oh , sorry ( ? ? ) ok , so let 's start it . ok , so chiara i was start in the in in 2 seconds . ( c ) sorry ? ( s ) i i ( ? ? ) ( c ) ok , we are ready for the next . ( s ) yeah , so basically i i do not how but my directory , i jump into some other directory and i was wondering why do i see this weird thing . ok . ( c ) no worry . ( s ) yeah , so let 's start . ( ? ? ) ( s ) so do you want it to continue , or it should be enough . ( m ) yeah , i think we can stop . ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) ok , and i 'm also ready to hear your feedback maria . ( m ) i think , if i 'm right , i do n't know . this might be about the talk might be about how to determine which people will be founders of companies and their trades and personalities and science about that , maybe ? so , i find it harder to read then the previous one . and some of the sentences kind of have some non-sensical stuff . like this like morphologically wrong stuff , like not agreeing in like numbers . yeah , so i would say i would have hard time like following what they 're trying to say other than something about ( ? ? ) personalities and trades and how to make some science out of predicting i do n't know who will be ( ? ? ) , i do n't know . and there is , yeah . maybe if you can scroll up , might be , like . and at the beginning it says about ( ? ? ) . ok . so like says , like number 2 like how founders as and i read it like founders of company or something were born . so i do n't know what this about exactly , but there is , like if that 's the topic of the of the talk . i kind of misses the point i think . so it 's like using the word born in like baby being born maybe . then . ( c ) sorry maria . do you think that the speaker miss the the point of the talk or it 's the translation which has probably a lack of . ( m ) yeah , mean the translation . yeah , i 'm i 'm like starting to lis- to read through the the lines and i 'm trying to pick up the topic and like from the line number 2 there it seems to be about i 'm starting to it 's talking about founders being born . so i 'm trying to guess then what the hell it 's it does it want to say and i 'm guessing that ok how do people that found companies or stuff develop or something . so i do n't know . so just reading that and trying to guess what it 's about it 's hard to tell . and then anyway goes on about something ( ? ? ) . so i think it 's it 's a bit tricky to to follow . maybe later on you get more like number 18 is like like if you look at the number 18 that sentence is very nonsensical . it says like , can you imagine a character with big borders . men , marked bath with hair . and gray and long , so it 's like a very nonsensical . there is also some like- ( c ) the audio ? also . ( m ) no , i did not listen to the audio . ( c ) maybe , you know it 's detail talk , it 's some kind an an informal talk . so maybe in the meanwhile the speaker were making a kind of example which makes sense only looking at him . describing- ( m ) yeah . but if , yeah , but the words the actual words just do n't should not be they . ( c ) ok . ( m ) even like i get it , that i guess he 's describing some person but some of the words should not be there . like together . and like before it 17 i think i do n't know if it ( ? ? ) is the name of a person . granson is tra- translated in romanian for the actual word , so it 's mean so the name identity i think it 's translated . it 17 . ( c ) the name of the person is granson . ( m ) yeah , so granson is being translated . as the actual romanian word for bored . ( c ) yeah , i got it . i do n't know if the- ( m ) ok , and at 18 that granson think that 's what confuse me . it 's translated again and then it says something like large borders , because granson . yeah , so that 's that 's why it it yeah . ( c ) i do n't know if it could be . if it works like in the machine translation pervoice works . but i think that probably we can add some kind some set of words which should not be translated . phil ? ( p ) ehm . ( c ) is it possible to add a list of words not to be translated ? ( p ) no , no , it 's not easy to do . for the current model ( ? ? ) . i know people have ehm . ( s ) domain adaptation kind of . ( p ) yeah . so the last i checked it was n't easy to do . is possible i mean , is possible within the last few months ( ? ? ) i should check . ( c ) because ( ? ? ) maybe we we are the finding the files we 're going to demo . maybe we can add some minor tuning here in the in order to fix also the translation . ok , did did you get maria 's point ? she- ( p ) ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah i caught that . ( m ) yeah , so like here ( ? ? ) more nonsensical stuff other sentences were fluent but again ( ? ? ) hard to follow to the person , like what point the person was trying to make . ( c ) ok . ( m ) and this was translated by ted talk model or by the europei model ? i 'm just wondering . ( p ) it it 's actually train on lots of data from ( ? ? ) so that 's a real mixture of stuff in there . so , yeah , ( ? ? ) is there somewhere but that should be some ted talks ( ? ? ) subtitles . i think the bible is there . yeah there 's a real real mixture . ( m ) ok , i would say a bit worse then the previous one . ( c ) ok . i wrote your feedbacking the in the minutes . and . are you available this week to schedule new test maybe ? ( m ) yeah , i 'm available . what i was thinking was whether you would like to one of few of these videos and get the transcript and then send me offline a bunch of this video and then maybe i could say which of them was harder to follow , which was easier to follow just to get an idea of- if if you think that would help . like and if you want from like french to romanian if you want to have a other options . ( s ) in the meantime i also ( ? ? ) english subtitles ready so if you have if you wish i can play another 30 seconds ( ? ? ) . ( m ) with english subtitles ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( m ) yeah , yeah . i 'm i have more time . ( c ) which video ? ( s ) it will definitely be- ( c ) the first one or the second one ? ( s ) which one do you want ? ( c ) it 's the same , pick one . ( s ) so , i can just play the the next ted talk . ( c ) ok . ( s ) ok then . ( c ) may i ask you to copy and paste the link in the chat box ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . where is the chat box . ok , so . i paste . ( c ) it 's in the bottom . ( s ) yes , this is ( ? ? ) how my screen looks like so . ( c ) ok . yeah i prepare the new point . in the today test session . ( s ) ok . so , ok . so i 'll quickly paste the video . ( c ) ok , scroll down . exactly . scroll , scroll . ( s ) down , ok . ( c ) ok . ( s ) ok , so here- ( c ) ok , ok . i make order now . ( s ) yeah . this is ( ? ? ) this quest . sorry , sorry guys . there is something wrong with the english worker . just just a moment . sorry guys ( ? ? ) english subtitler running . there is something wrong with ( ? ? ) with my script . ok , we can try this english subtitler along with english ( ? ? ) . ( m ) ok , do you want to still let this one play little bit ? ( s ) yeah , sure . ( m ) the romanian ? ( s ) ok , so i i 'll start it again . ( m ) or or we can do like i said you can like send me the scripts , the transcripts and i can play through some of the videos if that . ( s ) so it transcripts which are being generated here , right ? ( m ) yeah , like if you want to pick like 5 videos of different types and run it through your software and then send me the links to the youtube videos and and files with the transcripts you generated then i could also like later this week just go through them and see which one i think is . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( m ) is ready to follow . ( s ) i can do that , yeah . ( m ) yeah , i mean 5 10 you can send me a few i i have time . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( m ) so we can have just a dip more ( ? ? ) . like some of those europei type and some of these ted talks and . ( s ) yeah . ( m ) i can pick up what . but , yeah , i think it 's it 's definitely really great to see everything put together , so . little bit more work , but i think it 's impressive . ( s ) yeah . ( c ) ok . ( m ) should i give you , are you , should i give you any more feedback , or some more specific stuff ? ( c ) well , on my side , is all . phil do you have question regarding the trans- additional quest regarding the translation maybe ? or not . ( p ) just to , maybe maria you ( ? ? ) impression compared with the last session . or the translation ( ? ? ) ( m ) yeah , so . last session i only heard the that you that one about healthcare or . ( p ) ok . ( m ) so that was much better this time to follow . like that previous time i do n't know what was wrong with the model but it just it just ( ? ? ) when it translate somethings bad and i guess that personal spoke a lot . so yeah , the first video that we showed was much better this time . ( p ) ok , so yeah , it was a different underlaying translation model which was trained on less data . and was trained for more languages . so it definitely make sense that this this new model should perform better . so it 's good that you ( ? ? ) ( m ) yeah , that 's good . and i mean i did listen to that after we had a meeting i did go and listen through the video and look that like the google subtitles so i had a better understanding of what that video was about . i i realized that what you 're doing is live translation ( ? ? ) google does offline translation . and the thing that throws me off is it 's when there is some way that are totally out of they do n't fit . then it throws me off when i 'm trying to follow the the subtitles live . so because i do n't have time to go over and pause and think . that 's why it 's sometimes hard to to follow like in the ted talks . but , yeah . yeah , for the ted ted talks sometime i think it was a bit dis- disfluent . as well . ( p ) ok . ( m ) ok , well . i i i just want to say i remember when i like back in my phd when i tried to do speech translation with my syntax system and it was , it was not even one percent as good as this one . so i 'm i 'm just having a lot of fun just so you know the demo i 'm really impressed . so it 's pretty awesome . yeah , ok , well , let me know if you want to have another meeting , i 'm pretty open this week . ( c ) ok , thank you so much . ( p ) thank you maria . ( c ) another meeting , because your feedback is really really appreciated . ( m ) ok , great . well , thank you guys . ( c ) for the moment , you 're free . bye . ( m ) bye bye . ( s ) bye , bye , bye maria . ( c ) ok . the other guys , please wait a minute . ( s ) yea , yeah , we will stay here . ( c ) to test the romanian translation . give me one second . ( s ) so i got that english subtitler ready , let me check if it works . ( c ) may i ask you your output fingerprint ? of the client the audio into the asr ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely . so i display it here . and it 's this one . ( c ) ok , is the one are you- ( s ) yea , yeah , yeah . ( c ) but sometimes i did n't get output from . but not this one is the publisher . the asr . ( s ) so , this is the asr . ( c ) ok , it 's the one i used to . sometimes i did n't get output . ok . i have to go in 15 minutes so go back to the minutes of today . and let 's check what is we 're missing . it 's really really important for us that today you get in touch with this is admin and the find cuni 's server for plan c , ok ? ( s ) yea , yeah . ( c ) yep . today it 's . we have n't yet tested non-native english speaker , we have to do it in the next session . we have n't made also the the stress test . ( s ) yeah . we can do this stress test now , but . ( c ) i have to leave unfortunately because actually i ( ? ? ) a meeting . finish at 11 and i had another meeting . ( s ) aha . ( c ) i will i would make order in the minutes and i will send you the ( ? ? ) . let 's ( ? ? ) the next test session which could be tomorrow , what do you think ? ( s ) yeah . ( c ) ok . tomorrow . ok , i will be available starting from 11 what do you think ? is it fine for you ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , that 's completely fine . ( c ) ok . if it 's possible , tomorrow we can tune the plan c. in your server , ok ? ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) ok , and that 's all , i will- phil it 's fine also for you ? to test again everything at 11 tomorrow ? ( p ) i may have to drop in ( ? ? ) meeting , but i will ( ? ? ) . ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) ok , perfect . so see you tomorrow guys . actually today when pretty pretty good . plan b is fully working . we have n't yet i think from plan c. actually it works but . now you have just my my promise and i we have n't ( ? ? ) anything . but i hope that tomorrow we can arrange something . if it 's possible sangeet , leave the machine translation worker running . so that we can tune the pipe maybe for tomorrow . ( s ) yeah , sure , sure they 'll be running . yeah . ( c ) ok , perfect . thank you so much guys . see you tomorrow . i will send you an invitation . ( s ) ok , ok . ( c ) bye , bye bye . ( s ) bye bye bye . ( p ) bye .", "tgt": "agenda for european community . data collection . pre-run demo . fingerprints , path german - romanian . preparing to run the demo plan b. running demo . maria 's review . running demo ted talk . problem with running english demo . summary , arranging next meeting ."}
{"src": "( o ) ( ? ? ) work package please let us know , otherwise , we are already recording great . ( b ) ( o ) so , there is too many things to discuss in the . there is a number of upcoming deliverables . so , we have spreadsheet for that , and if you open this spread sheet , the upcoming deliverables are one , two , three , four by the end of june . what i would like people to populate is the column for internal reviewing so that 's i think is column number column `` o '' . yes , and it would be very useful , if you could fill yourself to review these deliverables , the initial training data , separation of confidential public versionthen we have periodic activity and function reports , data management plan , and then the ethics variable . so we as charles university are responsible for the periodic reports , and the data management plan . i know , what the data management plan is , it describes all the data that we are collecting or using in the project . so we will prepare schedule , and we will prepare structure for this deliverable and i will ask all of you to fill in what data that you are using . so the actually this involves us , edinburgh , mainly edinburgh , because that they will have the most complicated part they are probably , and then karlshruhe it needs to describe the data that we are used for your asr models and the data that you plan to use and prepare . and also it will clearly describe the data that this use that we have prepared rule with the help of sao . so it will be simply a directory off all the data sets that are relevant for the project , the existing from the past , the ones being created now , and also the future what other data sets we are planning to uh , to prepare . and since we have sao on the call i would like to ask , if we will be able to use the data from the workshop , if we can promise the data from the workshop in the data management plan , or if this is still under discussion . so milo\u0161 , are you there ? or who is there for themself . ( o ) we do n't hear anything , so maybe it 's not working . so who is there from the supreme audit office . are you following us ? well , okay , well , this is this is something that we will have to figure out so i hope i will be able to uh , to also include the data from the workshop and include them in the data management plan . yes , so that is the data management plan . i see , yeah i hear tea speaking in chinese . okay . so let 's go back to the agenda , and uh , the upcoming i would like everybody to think if they can review the promise to review the deliverables . at what date do we want them for the internal or should be the internal deadline . i think the internal . phil had some on this side , right . if i 'm not mistaken , or was it for another project . i think there are some concurrents at the edinburgh side , because edinburgh we 're in an another project with edinburgh . and i think the first drafts , like the sketches might be incomplete in contents . but , complete in structure . even better you have them by the end of may , so that we have a full month and for their for the internal review . we should have at least two weeks or so so mid-may . sorry . so mid-june should be the internal deadline for the complete deliverables , and the the beginning of june should be the deadline for the complete structure , and maybe not complete contents for all these deliverables . do you agree ? so only proposes , end of may complete structure of all delivs and mid-may complete contents internal review stars . ( a ) ok , of course , pervoice is available for the the review activity . i 'm not able to choose one of the promised deliverables , maybe the pm may be choose one for us . and for the last time . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) ok thank you . ( o ) ok , so let 's agree on this on this schedule . and let 's talk about the individual deliverables now . you know that the um , the deadline is at the end of june , and the initial training data , this is for for edinburgh . who will be the person , it 's phil right ? ( p ) yes , yes . ( o ) excellent . ( p ) beating other reading of this . ( o ) yes . and again , i expect you to expect input from us , and also from karlsruhe maybe , but mainly from us . and and from yourself , the schedule is fine with you right . ( p ) yes , yeah that should be fine for us . but yeah , i guess there are some questions over exactly what fixing to which deliverable . ( o ) um-hum . ( p ) i think the 1.2 is to the end of the month ten , which covers some test sets . so , for example , these you talk about that a wmt lead , but sweets ( o ) yes . ( p ) but i was thinking , maybe those actually belonging to the deliverable 1.2 . ( o ) 1.2 okay , yes . ( p ) and that is not one- oh yeah , for task one point two the data speaker accent , i do n't hink test corpus both recordings and transcripts from the student fair . ( o ) uh-hum . ( p ) which i think probably also belongs into deliverable 1.2 , but it 's arguable was or should go into 1.1 , but i guess we need to pick it right now . ( o ) yeah , well , i do n't think it 's too important . there will not be any review in the mean time . there will be , well , there could be the remote review and that could happen already during september or during month ten , so well we 'll just decide this as the write , and the the voice recordings are not clear . i think this is this is mainly what should go here would be the domain adapted to the domain adaptation data that we get from taos . ( p ) oh yeah , yeah . ( o ) so the uh , addition data from taos should go to the 1.1. and i think that karlsruhe probably should be those who will reviewing this because they will not be contributing much , or is there anything that your training at karlsruhe actually . are you training any new models , are you . . ? ( s ) i do n't think that we currently training any new model , we training new models but necessary on new data . ( o ) yeah , so in that case , it may be useful just to mention in this deliverable that what data sets you are using , and that you are not collecting any new data . just so that well , the little describe what- what we use . ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , yeah , okay . ( o ) so sebastian to review the deliverable and maybe maybe to provide paragraph or to on existing data kit is training their models on . okay , thank you . then i 'll skip over the periodic activity for now , and i 'll mention the data management plan . uh . this is the briefly talked about it already . so this is the directory of the data that would be created was created in and is being created and will prepare the structure and will ask for input , uh , this one could be reviewed by her voice , ask chiara , suggested . so this is our probably , probably-pervoice chiara to review . thank you . and then the deliverable on a ethics . this is something that we have to create . and really it is not clear what will the contents should be ? but i think that the best reviewer for this would be alpha view , because they are the closest to the people to like and users , and their data so will figure out what exactly is expected here . i am no clear idea at the moment , but i expect it to be similar to the previews , ethics deliverables , like describing the procedures . and listing the contents that we are collecting and so on so ondrej expects this to be similar to the previous ethics , deliverables . and if alpha view is fine with that to review . okay ? so i do not hear anyone from alpha view , i know that- ( ar ) do you hear me ondrej ? ( o ) yes , yes , yes , okay , thank you armin . fine so then , financial and the periodic activity reports , so tea please can you briefly say what you have figured out so far about this ? ( t ) okay . ( o ) so we can open the link . there is this part a and the part b . ( t ) and yes , this report has two parts . one is technical part and one is the a financial part . the technical part has two parts , part a that has to be filled for sigma for the participant research cartel , and the part b that should be a pdf which we will write abour what we are doing . what we are doing and how we got closer to our goals . ( o ) so for me , this part b is like the easy part , it covers all the work packages and each workbook page , and each task have to have so think that each task needs half a page of status update what has been done and each work package needs a summary of what the tasks , how the work package as a whole is proceeding . so for this , i will need input from every work package leader , and obviously , we are collaborating on the task so again , the work package leader , can ask back for the details on the tasks . but assume that for every task , we need either statement that this task is not to be has not been scheduled , and is not running or this task has not been scheduled , and we are ahead of schedule . and we have this nice progress or this task is proceeding according to the plan , and we have these and these things . so half a page for task is like the , the rough estimate , it can be longer . it can be shorter . it can report on . it can refer to any publication if there are any that would be very good . so that is like the standard report update , what i 'm not sure is the part a . ( t ) it should have been filled for sigma that 's what i tried to put into that google sheet of the continuous reporting . and those are the milestone , dissemination , gender and publications . ( o ) yeah , so just everybody know what's- that 's this sheet . so it is not only is the deliverable , but it is also the dissemination activities . ( t ) which nobody filled so far , if you are being the agenda . ( o ) there is the gender details . ( s ) this is a blatant line , we have filled something in there like a 20 seconds ago . ( o ) ok great , excellent . ( t ) ok , thank you . ( o ) so we need more input like that , and if i understand correctly this if everybody fills these dissemination , gender , patents , i do n't expect we have any patents . but still , publications . what is that ? the summer of publication should be written as a standalone bibtex . well , i do n't know what they want here , but i would like to receive bibtexs . so please for publications please send us bibtexs . here the short summary is populate all the sheets in this google sheet with your data . so tea please paste the url and provide bibtexs of your published papers and papers under review , may or may not be mentioned in the technical part , which is called part b. so well , if even if you do n't have a lot of you should describe the work what you have done . and if if there is a paper being submitted from this you may say so , or you may not need to say so , ( t ) actually i 'm not sure if we as coordinators should be filling all those datas or if each partner should fill them in sigma separately . ( o ) uh-huh ? okay . so this is something that will figure out what we need to have the information anyway . so use this spread sheet as the data collection place and please , collect all your possible data . ( a ) - you plate the link here again ? ( s ) i have , i already have it . ( o ) the link is here . that 's this one . i just highlighted it . okay , so that would be the data . and there is also the financial report , which is another part of that , right ? ( t ) yes . ( o ) reports , yes . and for the financial report- individual financial statements explanation on the use of resources , and the information on some cont- some contracting in kind to the contributions , and periodic summary of financial statement , including the request for interim payment . i do not know what- if this is- we 're not requesting any interim payments i think . ( t ) maybe i would collect names from like each partner with who i could have call about the financial report . ( o ) i think you already have names from the past , it 's the probably , so if the financial people have not changed , you should you should know them . but if they have changed please let us know . and i agree with tea that the best way to uh , to get the ready for this would be to organize separate call on the financial reporting , with the financial people so that they know what the data to collect . in shorted will be spending in the categories like personal , direct calls , . and then for each of these spendings , listing what were the most expensive items there . and how were they used in the various tasks . so that would be for the financial part , tea will organize separate call , preferably the call should happen next week or the week after that , so within may , for sure . ( t ) sebastian ? i have a question i have here as a financial person bentronimus , but i 'm not sure if you want to be on that call . ( s ) they are really taking everything over , so there 's not really much i can do . ( t ) okay . ( s ) the thing is we would have to double check with ( ? ? ) . if you double check within four days or so we might again , but i have to doublecheck ( ? ? ) . ( t ) okay . ( s ) might make sense that maybe our secretary mrs . ( ? ? ) . ( t ) sure , so if you just send me the names of people that should be on the call . ( o ) okay , this is hopefully an easy way to get to the periodic activity in financial reports , and who should review this . i would suggest maybe edinburgh to review it , because they have experience- the internal review . so phil could you give it to someone who has successfully passed from the coordinators perspective , this periodic reporting already . ( p ) that 's probably me , is n't it ? ( o ) yes , right . ( p ) sorry , this is just a scientific part , though , i do n't really- . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) i do n't really want to review the financial part . ( o ) yeah , okay , so , berry to review the technical part and we would trust that the financial people know what they are reporting . ( p ) i yeah , i mean , i 'm not going to be up to review table numbers and save it . ( o ) okay , thank you . so that 's it . ( p ) uh-hum . ( o ) yeah , the upcoming milestones , so remember , there is still the non ticked off milestone . and that 's the reporting , sorry that 's a recording in the alpha view platform . and i know that aline has asked tea if we are going to run this call in alpha view platform already . and i said that i have for some reason i was still was not in touch with our main , so that we have not tested it yet . so can we test it early next week ? ( ar ) sure , sure , we talked to our developers and they will see how what are the schedule for next week , and then will send you few appointments , which would be possible when we could do a test . ( a ) i would prefer if we could decide the date today . ( o ) yeah , okay . so test call next week and after that , if that works . i 'll both tick off the milestone and also we can have the workshop preparations calls on friday within the alpha view platform . the bad thing is that it will require windows . so who has or mac possibly i 'm not sure . ( b ) it 's mac and windows yeah . ( o ) so uh , who will have troubles with this or can everyone accomodate ? ( p ) i think i will have troubles . ( o ) so you 'll have troubles . ( p ) sorry , is this for the consorting meetings or what are we going to be using this for . ( t ) no it 's technical . ( o ) whatever , the sooner- the benefit if i 'm not mistaken is that the recording would have separate channels from the- for the individual participants , so the data collected through this would be easier to process . that 's the benefit . but if the benefit is like causing too much trouble to- for the technical discussions . because that will you would have to reboot , and all that , then i 'm happy to say that we will use it only for the monthly meetings , the project level , and and reduce that . yeah , ok . ( b ) yeah , i 'm not sure at the moment how we organize that . i do not really want to sell windows . ( o ) well , i have a separate machine for this exactly for that . ( b ) i mean , we could buy a laptop , but seems like a waste though . ( o ) so this is this is essentially , what would we do , we just already have it . ( b ) i do n't know , yeah , we should , phil has a mac , so we could share phil 's mac maybe . ( p ) there are lightly defeats the purpose of separating it , separating out the speakers i have . ( o ) i know . ( b ) it does , but i mean buying three separate machines in order we can separate the speakers a bit . ( o ) yeah . so after the test , tick off the milestone and then decide which calls will use it . i will say , atleast the monthly calls due to the like of windows machines . yeah , and we will see . so , i will let you know how the test went and will decide something called for technical , but we need to have this done anyway , so this is , and it will be also important for the integration of the translation , uh , service , and and all that into the alphaview platform . so none of the work at alphaview was any type of waste . okay . so then what other milestone is there . the first spoken language translation prototype , when is that as you do , do we remember ? ( t ) that 's by the end of june . ( o ) oh , okay . ( b ) um , right does that mean , what 's the actual requirement there , i mean what do we , what 's the means of verification be like . i mean , we have translation prototypes i mean . ( o ) uh-hum . ( ar ) the system and we went at the student fair can that be considered to be a close prototype . ( o ) possibly , so that we could simply tick it off . ( b ) well , i mean , we 're gon na deliver definitely translation systems and would gon na deliver ( ? ? ) or by the end of june . ( o ) yes , exactly , so i 'm also not concerned much about this . ( b ) when do we will have translation system that 's actually tuned to a spoken language translation is a bit more of an open question , we are going to do this thing with open the senses fragments . ( o ) so milestone month six baseline first spoken system available to the consortium . okay , that 's pretty vague and that 's the only occurrence of this ms2 throughout the whole proposal . so there is no further information on this milestone . ( b ) well , i mean , the milestones a really for internal usage , page 2020 project . so the question is , what does the consortia want ? is it's- i mean , so phil is n't going to be , is gon na be wrapping this . the least producing amarian wrapper and will endeavor to produce let 's say the best system we can for that under the circumstances for the application in mind can now be consider the first prototype . ( o ) yes , yes , so i think that the will definitely have this prototype solved , because we will be doing the the workshop , and we have already had the fair . so i think this this milestone can already be done . uh , for the congress needs this is the milestone that we are written to be responsible for , but i do n't know what that appears . because it 's not here maybe it is because we are the leaders of the mt work package , could be , but phil is helping us a lot with this . so here , i do n't know whether i should tick this of as soon as the multimodel the multilingual models are available . even if it is limited set of target languages . ( b ) we should look bit on milestone four , because what i think the project pioneers is to done deliver say milestone two , and then that feeds into milestone four . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) so that means this slt system is going to alphaview platform . so that some more difficult proposition problem is , there is more unknowns for me there . ( o ) yes , yes , i totally agree . and this will happen in august . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so it 's quite early and while there be summer , so it will be difficult to chase people around . ( b ) yeah . so what is making available on the pervoice platform sufficient for milestone four , or is there something else we need to do . ( o ) yes . so this is is built upon the the recording , but actually the recording has been now done separately outside of the , the pervoice integrator , right ? so what we have for now , is the pervoice mediator that anybody can connect to . and send the asr , send the sound too , the mediator will pass it to the asr workers , and the asr workers can pass it . so this has been tested at the fair . what has not been tested , is any integration with the alphaview platform so and the . so armin and allin what are your plans for this ? you need to , well , we had the blocker with the goal language . and then you have in the end decided to do the recording separately . so the recording has not has not provided as much useful preparation , preparatory steps for this . so how far are you with the integration of the , or with the interfacing to the to the pervoice platform . ( a ) but maybe we discuss , with technicality ( ar ) yes without developers . ( o ) yeah . yeah , so this is this is something which should be discuss a very soon , because there is limited time to implement it somehow , and also it 's somewhat linked to the presentation , but i 'm not saying presentation platform , but there has to be way in which the participants of alpha view calls could see the speech , translated . and one option is that a while having the alpha view call you would be also , you would have in another window , a web page that would use the presentation platform from pervoice , and it would be looking at the translation in the presentation platform , from pervoice , it is not a not a nice solution , but it could be the basics spoken language interface , it would be kind of available . it is not exactly in the platform , but it would serve the purpose . so that is like the fallback solution that you . so i think that for milestone four , what is absolutely critical . is that alpha view sends the sound to the mediator and then the rest is kind of available . the better version would be that you are also able to connect with like- to get the the text back , and to present text in some way within your platform , but i understood from franz , a previously that this is not easy to do . so this would be like more more work . so please take notes on this and i think that please report to us during the next week , what the developers think about these these commitments here . so the minimum is shipping voice to the mediator . and will be , the users will be looking at the translation outputs in the mediator , sorry in the pervoice presentation platform which will be ready for the workshop at the end of june the better version is that you will connect , send the audio and also receive the text channel in some way . but obviously , it is a different setup than the from the one that we are normally using in our tests , normally when we connect this bit direction client , the eb client . we send the audio , and we receive the transcript and or translation of that audio in your set up , you need to send your audio , but receive the transcript of other parties audios . and you do n't want to receive the transcript and the translation of your own speech . ( ar ) i guess the best way would be if we discussed it with our development team , because i lean on me , both not developers ( o ) so if you need any technical call on this , please propose some dates , and i think it would be good , if chiara was on those calls as well . because she would know how different the set up is from the normal operation of the mediator , because the channels are now like mixing , you need to connect two half clients in in some way . like one half client is sending my audio to someone else is half client who is this playing the transcript or translation of this . and i have another half clients running , which is showing the transcript from all the other parties . this is like the ideal- ( a ) okay , i understand the use case of actually i have to reason about this . sorry i 'm not able tell you right now if it 's feasible . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) or how to arrange it . ( o ) as i told you that the fallback solution , which should be okay for this , for this milestone . would be that the all the clients , all the alpha view like all the participants in the alpha view call will be sending their audio signals to the mediator , and the mediator would be doing whatever translation is there , and it will be presenting all the speech in this single a presentation platform . so i would see also my speech , translated into whatever language i choose . and i would see what other people also said , so in the presentation platform that will be one page , one web page that i open next to the alpha view system . and then this single webpage , outputs from more sessions in the current terminology . so that needs a little bit of adaptation of the presentation platform . so does that make sense ? so actually this is this is , we we we think that this is done , here some like deliberation on the languages covered is needed , but in essence we could claim this to be done . cutting down on the number of target languages , but what is critical is actually , and what was the name , the name was basic slt , so here , this is month eight , so for the month eight the fallback or minimum , alpha view clients sending audio to pervoice mediator , pervoice presentation platform allows all participants to choose language version of the transcript to follow , this transcript , this transcript needs to merge , trans , asr outputs and translations from all participating persons . so that 's the minimum , and it requires alpha view to send the audio and pervoice presentation platform to have that slight update that more sessions can contribute to the same thing . and the better version , alpha view runs two half clients , outbound client sends audio as above , inbound client receives text from other parties and is like labeled with party ids , this is something which is important as well . and presents it somehow , and ondrej expects that alpha view will find this difficult , but please consider it anyway . okay ? so i think , we know some of that deadlines are totally okay , some of the deadlines are risky , and some of the milestones really needs good thinking and yeah . so alpha view and pervoice please let ondrej know in week how this was accepted in your tech teams . yeah , okay , so let 's move on further , publicity achieved , this is actually something which we are already collecting for it would for the mentioned that for the reports . and yes there is the video i think i 've emailed everybody . so if you have any friends or colleagues have them watch this video , because the more views we have the better we feel , well i 'm kidding . so , but any way we can make use of this video for for various purposes , so yeah so the next point is the preparations for the workshop . we have spent , we are spending a lot of time on this . and thanks for all of you who will support us this is a really taking a lot of our time . and we were just on the edge off of being able to to do it right . and we need to keep running fast so that we do not lose that edge , and we actually deliver that . so the czech asr remains very risky it may not be there . and even if we do not have the czech asr what we will have for the workshop . so i will summarize it quickly for those who or are not present to our technical calls . it 's workshop of about 20 participants . everybody will be speaking in english , only there will have presentations some of them . maybe there will be a related materials . we have a half-way ready platform for the participants to upload their supplementary files such as the presentations , and any other reports , we will make use of these files to possibly adapt the asr to the domain . and sure , for sure to adapt the machine translation systems based on these text files , then at the actual workshop we will have for students of interpreting present , with four cabins of of these interpreters . there will be two respeakers cabins . so two persons will be repeating what has been said in english , and one person will be translating into czech . and one person will be translating this czech further on into german . we will have asr connected to the english floor , the main input signal , the two respeakers , and then possibly to the czech version , and then surely to the german version that they interpreted speech in german . this german is with the double delay , because it goes through the czech interpreter first . and then from these asr inputs will somehow , probably on the fly indeed and manually select which of these asr outputs is the best one to feeding to , the machine translation systems . if it is from the english , then like directly after the asr the empty the multilingual machine transitions system comes if it is from the german , then the german will first machine translated into english , and then from this english into all target languages , so that adds the delay , and all these outputs will be made available in the presentation platform . in the , this presentation platform is something which we still need to like discuss technically , but the participants will have their notebooks , this is something which which we have not discussed in detail . and the idea is that they will have webpage open . and that webpage will be the presentation platform , and it will show the streaming of the main slides and below that , below those stream slides . there will be the stream of the subtitles in the selected target language . so the participants of the workshop will have the option to watch the main screen and at the main screen , we will be probably presenting the english asr subtitles , or nothing at all , and in on their screens will be presenting the , the stream diversion of the slides , essentially the same slide , but with a little delay . and then below that the subtitles in the language of choice , we are like , if we do , if our translations are totally bad , it is not a problem , because the participants do n't need these subtitles . they are expected to talk in english , but we actually want the subtitles to be useful , because that is our serious important test for the for the congress , which will come in less than a year after that . okay . so this is the quick summary of what is what is planned . and , yeah , it is in preparation . yep , so . and now on the work packages , do we really need to uh , to go over the individual work packages . maybe very quickly . just so that we remember the work package names . what is work package one ? is the data here , yeah , so data , and this is the minuting . ok , so for the data here , the main thing will be the deliverable that describes the data we have collected for asr , i would like to learn more about the progress of asr , so take this as , please tell me know what is happening in your tasks within the asr work package . so am i still sharing the screen , because the plan and the planning for this asr packages , really free , we are free to do . anything , there is no schedule for that . so i would like to know what is happening in the robustness , language model adaptation and lifelong learning . ( ar ) ( ? ? ) fundamental experiment going on , they are working on completely new type model ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( o ) i 'm curious about this , this domain , the robustness , because there was a paper . i would like to find out for other purposes as well , which said , '' essentially , if your model is huge , if your data is huge , you do n't need to do any domain adaptation whatsoever . it is multi domain by default . is that essentially what your also confirming right , ( ar ) nah depends on the speech recognition system we are using . so ( ? ? ) the hybrid systems that we are using in the stream , for the stream . are not to mean robust , if you train on more data . you can show that these position of systems , actually suffer if you use more data . and only the new will end to end systems seem to be able ( ? ? ) the multi domain mix , and then are more robust to the default domains . ( o ) ok , that is interesting . ( ar ) the problem is that all these new end to end models ca n't be used in the slow latency run on asr yet . ( o ) yeah . so they are a bit directional right ? ( ar ) they are all directional that makes it difficult , so that it requires essentially tuning whether they are on possibilities to limit the sort of white context , the future context that you need , it 's a good question whether it 's or not , and then they are still ( ? ? ) behind and performances quickly , if you have strains on the computing power . it 's super fast if you can run them in batch mode on a gpu , so for that processing that 's okay , but you know for low latency , streaming processing even if you limit yourself at the lookahead that you do in the future , you might still have problems with performance . ( o ) yeah , and that is interesting , so that you obviously have like good progress , maybe like still open . many open questions . ( ar ) it 's okay , we may focus . ( o ) yeah , and for the lifelong learning , what plans you half in the long-term not necessary like for this year . would that be some more learning from the input , as you process it . ( ar ) that 's the idea that we learned from the input as we process it . ( o ) so , this is in sharp contrast , with the current ways of training of neural networks . so , do you want to like to get some feedback . ( ar ) ( ? ? ) , one is that we actually get human supervision , so that humans correct errors , and then the ( ? ? ) learn from these errors ( ? ? ) , and then hopefully you will be able to ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) . so currently we are having a couple of students that are starting to work on that . ( o ) okay , thank you , so that 's very interesting , everything . so you will have surely enough to write in the periodic report . let 's move on to work package on spoken language translation , looking at incremental decoding , altering results of decoding before full source sentences seen starting to implement the juristic okay . so this is the like we our research and innovation action . so this would be the innovation part . do we have any research outputs planned or expected in work package three . ( b ) yeah , we have not really been progressing the research very well here . we have resourcing problems . ( o ) uh-hum . ( b ) so yeah , i mean , we are thinking of , we have been looking at transcript normalization , so we starts to collect some transcripts . but , that is about as far as we got with that . we started thinking about the incremental empty after the , the review , the feedback from the workshop around easter , there is something we need . i think the the heuristic i mentioned is not . it was quite an early effort . so , oh wow you 've got a misrange of the screens . ( o ) yeah , yeah sorry . ( b ) ( ? ? ) but it is a starting point to see what i 'm , see how it looks and see how we can progress that , looking at the output of your segment of the segmentery looks completely different to what i would expect it . so um , i do n't know , is specific error specific set up . ( o ) we have like separate research results . ( b ) i realize that , but i mean , in you know , in the research . you got ta make some model of what you expect to have the input to be in the system . and you know , there is in this early there is an expectation that you would just potentially you would feed in the words want of time , you would see the words one at a time . but that is quite different for what the way the output is appearing from the segmenter . you know , you got this output , and then suddenly it changes are . suddenly it gets completely resegmented . so yeah , now there is a research question is to how you deal with such output . and i do n't know , i 'm not sure if it has been dealt with , maybe the sentence fragmentation trainees enough , for that . i have not seen enough testing . ( o ) yeah , okay . so that is that is more of the like segmentation issue . so that is a better integration between asr entry . and do we have any plans for the end to end spoken language translation , i do n't expect that you have done anything in the past . ( b ) we have a student coming who is meant to work on this and this . and that is been subject to some delays , so he is supposed to now come in july ( o ) ok . ( b ) they are having delays . so they should have started few months ago , um , yeah . but the idea is to start first july now . ( o ) yeah . okay , and that 's good though , thanks . and so i think that there again be enough to write for the report , so for the empty . so you have the a acl paper on document level empty accepted . thats perfect because we are experiments are like , inconclusive so to say , it is hard it 's very hard to find improvements at the document level . we have tried some document level setups and we are describing those in the `` w '' empty paper , to be submitted as the system paper . but it is hard to , to convincing ourselves that it works well that it does something useful , because the it is to the shaded like these too many possibily references , the reference ( ? ? ) is no longer useful for the evaluation of documents level . so on be curious to read , what would you have done there to actually show that it helps . ( ar ) yes , so we can find movements in terms ( ? ? ) specific phenomenon , like a translation of eliptical constructions , or consistent translations of names , and with that we could measure , the system does improve , and these test sets could also be useful for us in the future . ( o ) okay , yeah , so that is part of the acl paper . ( ar ) yeah . ( o ) that 's good , you are better than we are . karlsruhe process of deploying transfer model . ok , yes multi model setup , do we want to synchronize on this somehow ? i have one student as i mentioned working on this , but his results . so far are rather negative that if if he has multi target systems , then it 's decreasing the performance . and there is papers around would say that you should not be sharing everything in transform model . atleast the final ( ? ? ) should be should be separate . so , i do n't know if we want to write some join paper on this in one way or another , or if we proceed independently . so i 'm too busy with the practical set up of the workshops to actually do any reasonable research in this area that is , this will get somewhat better after the workshop , but if we can get some nicer outputs things to collaboration that would be useful . so yeah , please get in touch , i do not know who is it , is it felix in carlsruhe , who is doing this . ( f ) not me personally , i think it will be ( ? ? ) to collaborate on a practical ( ? ? ) , because of very different frameworks and libraries and all that being involved . ( o ) yeah , so you are saying it is better to do work separately and have separate paper right , if i understand correctly ? ( f ) i 'm not sure that this is necessarily the paper . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( f ) i do n't think that ( ? ? ) is such development paperwork result from that , it 's all been done . ( o ) yeah , okay , so that again the like integration part the innovation part . so you are improving your system so that they use the better transform models internally . ( f ) yes . ( o ) that is the thing to report . okay , so the baseline entry model this is the milestone , this is like the deadline month fix . and then the document level translation is something which should be spending over the whole three years , and then multi target is something which we will have still six more months to work on , and i hope to extract some useful outputs from the student of mine and also we should work together with edinburgh , because phil has these systems for his training . now , the the single system for the what workshop . but i do n't know if phil has any capacity for evaluating like , how much the performance goes down . if if they are more languages . or if you are only training a single like single run , so what type of ablation analysis could you make not necessarily before the workshop , but like after the workshop and later on . and if we could collaborate on this in one way , or another ( p ) sure , yeah , i think this will happen off to the workshop . probably , but yeah , at the very minimum , i would be comparing the performance of the multilingual system against bilingual systems trained on the same data . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) ( ? ? ) we are only dealing with fairly small sort of target languages , of the workshop systems at least . and so i do n't think that is gon na have too much of a home full impact on translation quality . ( o ) so we tried languages from the un corpus . and there was always a loss in bless core compared to the pervoice models . okay , yes , for the the workshop is a proof of concept . so , it is okay , even if the the bless course , are like three points worse , or maybe even five points worse . then there will be separate systems would deliver . but we need to , like measure this precisely after the workshop , and then see how to proceed for the congress . and the what is the final like scientific result from this as well . so let 's plan to do more ( ? ? ) after the workshop and let 's do it ( ? ? ) so this is something that dominick should also like the be aware of helped me to to over to oversee this . dominik , are you here ? ( d ) yes , i am . ( o ) yeah , so nothing is planned for the multi source for this year , and the flexible modeling release is still to come . for document level i 've already mentioned that we tried some setups form for the the news task . and we also created test suit of the elitr document . so the , of the saw documents , and we are going to have evaluate this with the help of supreme audit auditors and for english to czech translation . i have like a mixed news , the systems appeared too good . so it is very hard to evaluate the outputs . that was on wednesday , i was talking to three auditors , i was showing them the outputs of marian and transform , and then ( ? ? ) output , and also of google translate and they were discussing things , which are totally like irrelevant and not touched upon by the the training regime . they were discussing which synonyms are better to choose or near synonyms are better to choose and that for the area of value added tax . one particle translation is self of payer is acceptable and for their taxes , except for that other translations of payer are not possible . and and so on , there was also one case where two of these auditors said that they do n't like some translation . and the most knowledgeable the third one said: `` no , no , this is a good translation . '' so you really need to be domain expert in order to judge the empty systems . so this is an interesting input for translation quality as a whole . and also for the document level setup . when we have big enough training data and good enough empty systems . it seems to be impossible to evaluate it and find a better system , and also find ways to improve on that . it is not that there would not be any errors . but it 's that the errors are too scars and too different in nature . so there are only two errors that you could like work on directly . one of them is that the half of the second half of the sentence is forgotten , and you can check this was with alignment . and other repeating problem was that the abbreviations are wrong , but that 's it . the other errors were really ( ? ? ) , and you have shortage of expert people to evaluate it . so you can not do a large collection evaluation . so if you would evaluate many documents , you would then spot errors to repeat , but you do not have the resources to do that . and with small probes , you do n't see any errors repeated . so i do n't know how to proceed in the long term . this is an interesting like research problem . so , this will be our message for this in the various papers . okay , so let 's move on to the minuting work package , if there are no further comments or if anybody has anything to say to the little , like , the state of confusion of mine i do not know how to proceed with if the systems are that good . so for minuting we are mainly spending time on a collecting the data , and this schedule is something which i made up fully , when i was proposing the project . so will havea person , we have a person who is already working on like thinking about the models that could be useful for the meeting summarization . will have one hopefully one summer interm to coming for this with some experiments . and i think that the main result of year one , will be the validation , of the proposed schedule . so i think it is quite possible that we will figure out that the separation , the stepwise processing . would be different than from what i sketched , but we will have to have the reasons for for these changes . and so so , we are mainly collecting data , and we have some first ideas how to do the modeling . but we still have lot of time to work on that . okay , then the integration yeah , therefore . so we have discussed this recording and in the alpha view at length . and we have also discuss the the upcoming milestone , so essentially these things . someone wants to say something ? ( d ) no , sorry . ( o ) so the , for the alpha view we know that sorry ? for the alpha view we know that we are like struggling for time . and for the pervoice , this is the various outputs . and we know that we need to work on the presentation platform . so here , the integration for the purposes of meeting for the purpose of conference and workshop translations is forcing us to have progress . so i 'm sure we will have progress there , my concern is more for the things , which do not have the exact the immediate use . and that 's usage of remote meetings translation . and also , as the timeline says , '' the minuting demonstrator . '' and this is something which has the it is planned for the whole duration of the project . obviously , we do n't have any minuting prototype at all at this stage . will have the best models , which will only roughly do something at the end of the project . but still , we need the presentation part of the demonstration , the demonstrator . so this is something which alpha view needs to like pick up again and think if there is some useful work . they should do during year one . for the minuting demonstrator , like what type of planning is needed to be done so that the implementation of the user interface does not have to rush later on . so for the minuting demonstrator i do not expect any software implemented in year one , but i expect the specification to be done within year one . so this is something that we need to synchronize with alpha view and start working on that . so alin and armin please please , take a note , again this can wait after the workshop . it 's not critical . it can also easily wait after the milestone in month 8. after the spoken language translation like prototype . but we have to do something in this task by the end of the year . so it is totally okay to say in the entering report now that we have not started working on the minuting demonstrator because it is too early for that . but at the end of the year we have to have some thinking completed . okay . now , and for the dissemination , i think we are doing everything very well . and and uh , oh , yeah , there is one thing to to do . and that is this workshop for users . i think this is an explanation or some presentation of what we are doing . what is the technology for the for the workshop at sao , and it is it has been planned for month ten , but it is actually happening in june . so we are totally over our capacity for thinking what should we present to the participants . so i would like to ask alpha view if they could like help us to organize the whatever we want to present . so the thing , that you will be one of the participants at the workshop . you would come there . you would be , you would come to prague to discuss your value added tax topics , you will be given notebook by the organizer , and there hopefully would be the subtitles running . and there will be some limited extra time , very limited extra time . where we could present the technology and somehow explain this . so could alpha view come up with some ideas for materials , so that we would then distribute them to the people , or whatever . we have the ( ? ? ) , but i think there could be something more . so that 's , please alpha view , have a look at the specification in here in the description , what we actually have we though of these workshops could be . the workshop in the middle of the project , the workshop at you site , something which is already being prepared . there would be a half a day workshop indeed . we will cover that , we will be presenting not only a speech translation , but also other language processing technologies . so the , this middle workshop will be easily covered . but i think that we need to have something to say that we have done , some type of dissemination at this june workshop . so sao , sorry , alpha view , please handle that someway , we are busy with the technical part . okay , so here , it 's like progress , well in various aspects all the time , but the most , so alpha view to organize plan how can we disseminate elitr technologies for ( ? ? ) explain , advertise , participants . so again , sao is listening , supreme audit office is still on the call , yes ? but i do not hear anything from them . so it would be good if they were in touch with you . and if they confirmed what can we do at the workshop , or what can be done at the workshop . so , if you decide , so based on , based on the communication . of the decide what exactly to do in this respects , and it may be useful for someone from alpha view to come to prague , but it may be not so it depends . it depends on what sao will say . if we are given a half an hour to present something , that would be good . but if we are not given that , if we can only like handout materials . then there is no need to come . we can simply print the materials and give them all to people . if we are given this half an hour , i would probably prefer someone from alpha view , to work on this presentation , because we will be totally crazy about that the technology . and this presentation can be broader again . it need not only talk about , what we are testing at the workshop . it can talk about the other tools that could be useful for the auditors , but please talk to sao if will be given this opportunity or not , right ? alpha view , so alin or armin . ( ar ) yeah , we got it . ( o ) okay , excellent . that 's it . ( m ) for the record i heard it , if it works , does it work ? ( o ) okay , yes , excellent . so milos , i have two questions , one of them or one is please synchronize with alphaview on the dissemination at the workshop . what options would be fine for sao , and what should we do , what should we prepare for that . and the first question , which i asked at the beggining of the call is the data , the data recorded at the workshop , would they be useful , would they be available to the ( ? ? ) , and would they be also available for the public . could we release them as the corpus later on . ( m ) i 'm still waiting to hear back from relevant department . ( o ) okay , yeah , okay , we would need to know this , when we are writing the data management plan , or the data deliverables . and obviously we need to know before the workshop . if there are any consents . that is important . yes ? so , that 's if the relevant department says , '' possibly , but the individual participant have to agree , then please let us know , and this has to be prepared in advance , so that we have the consent forms and all that . '' in the various the discussions that i had with the for example the director general for interpretation . i was told that the consent , personal consent is the weakest possible way of securing your data , that 's actually the least preferred method , because the individual people ( ? ? ) later on . so there are better ways . if that is possible in the particle situation . so the best way is that people are forced by some law or regulation to provide the data of that kind , that does not apply in our case . the second case is that , the people do it as part of their jobs , so based on their like work agreement . they are expected to produce this data , and then the , their employer has the rights for the data . and i think that this in principle could be applicable . but this has to be like discussed if that is the case for the workshop for , and who are the employers of this . so maybe ask this question . as just an suggestion like how the data could be legally transferred to the , like for the use of the elitr project . if this work agreement would be available option or not . and if it is not the case . then if we need the consents . and what the consents need to have . and then eventually , like if the final answer is , yes , you can use that . ( m ) yes , but first we need to figure out if we can actually share the data if they are perhaps it will turn out that for some presentation , that needs to be non disclosure agreement of some sort . all this need to be figured out . ( o ) yeah . we are happy for any subset of the presentations . so whatever you can give us that 's fine . if you can give us small part , and you have , we have delete some sessions that 's , that 's totally okay . okay . so thank you very much . i do n't have any further questions , i 'm sorry that it took so long . somehow there is too many things to be discussed and done , but we have managed . i 'm stopping the screen sharing . oh , i 'm not stopping . it does n't work stop present , yeah . okay , so thank you . please stay in touch , and keep up the good work . ( a ) thank you ondrej , bye . ( p ) thank you ( b ) bye ( f ) bye bye ( o ) bye", "tgt": "upcoming deliverables by the end of june . internal reviewing \u2013 the initial training data , separation of confidental public version . data management plan \u2013 used data for asr . ethics . financial and periodic activity report introduction and demands . recording in the alfaview platform . slt system to be part of alfaview platform - critical . preparations for workshop . asr work package . spoken language translation work package . acl papers . baseline entry model . system for workshop \u2013 collaboration edinburgh + charles uni . minuting work package . collecting data , ideas about model . minuting demonstrator . alfaview to participate the workshop . getting the data from people ."}
{"src": "( o ) ( ? ? ) work package please let us know , otherwise , we are already recording great . ( b ) ( o ) so , there is too many things to discuss in the . there is a number of upcoming deliverables . so , we have spreadsheet for that , and if you open this spread sheet , the upcoming deliverables are one , two , three , four by the end of june . what i would like people to populate is the column for internal reviewing so that 's i think is column number column `` o '' . yes , and it would be very useful , if you could fill yourself to review these deliverables , the initial training data , separation of confidential public versionthen we have periodic activity and function reports , data management plan , and then the ethics variable . so we as charles university are responsible for the periodic reports , and the data management plan . i know , what the data management plan is , it describes all the data that we are collecting or using in the project . so we will prepare schedule , and we will prepare structure for this deliverable and i will ask all of you to fill in what data that you are using . so the actually this involves us , edinburgh , mainly edinburgh , because that they will have the most complicated part they are probably , and then karlshruhe it needs to describe the data that we are used for your asr models and the data that you plan to use and prepare . and also it will clearly describe the data that this use that we have prepared rule with the help of sao . so it will be simply a directory off all the data sets that are relevant for the project , the existing from the past , the ones being created now , and also the future what other data sets we are planning to uh , to prepare . and since we have sao on the call i would like to ask , if we will be able to use the data from the workshop , if we can promise the data from the workshop in the data management plan , or if this is still under discussion . so milo\u0161 , are you there ? or who is there for themself . ( o ) we do n't hear anything , so maybe it 's not working . so who is there from the supreme audit office . are you following us ? well , okay , well , this is this is something that we will have to figure out so i hope i will be able to uh , to also include the data from the workshop and include them in the data management plan . yes , so that is the data management plan . i see , yeah i hear tea speaking in chinese . okay . so let 's go back to the agenda , and uh , the upcoming i would like everybody to think if they can review the promise to review the deliverables . at what date do we want them for the internal or should be the internal deadline . i think the internal . phil had some on this side , right . if i 'm not mistaken , or was it for another project . i think there are some concurrents at the edinburgh side , because edinburgh we 're in an another project with edinburgh . and i think the first drafts , like the sketches might be incomplete in contents . but , complete in structure . even better you have them by the end of may , so that we have a full month and for their for the internal review . we should have at least two weeks or so so mid-may . sorry . so mid-june should be the internal deadline for the complete deliverables , and the the beginning of june should be the deadline for the complete structure , and maybe not complete contents for all these deliverables . do you agree ? so only proposes , end of may complete structure of all delivs and mid-may complete contents internal review stars . ( a ) ok , of course , pervoice is available for the the review activity . i 'm not able to choose one of the promised deliverables , maybe the pm may be choose one for us . and for the last time . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) ok thank you . ( o ) ok , so let 's agree on this on this schedule . and let 's talk about the individual deliverables now . you know that the um , the deadline is at the end of june , and the initial training data , this is for for edinburgh . who will be the person , it 's phil right ? ( p ) yes , yes . ( o ) excellent . ( p ) beating other reading of this . ( o ) yes . and again , i expect you to expect input from us , and also from karlsruhe maybe , but mainly from us . and and from yourself , the schedule is fine with you right . ( p ) yes , yeah that should be fine for us . but yeah , i guess there are some questions over exactly what fixing to which deliverable . ( o ) um-hum . ( p ) i think the 1.2 is to the end of the month ten , which covers some test sets . so , for example , these you talk about that a wmt lead , but sweets ( o ) yes . ( p ) but i was thinking , maybe those actually belonging to the deliverable 1.2 . ( o ) 1.2 okay , yes . ( p ) and that is not one- oh yeah , for task one point two the data speaker accent , i do n't hink test corpus both recordings and transcripts from the student fair . ( o ) uh-hum . ( p ) which i think probably also belongs into deliverable 1.2 , but it 's arguable was or should go into 1.1 , but i guess we need to pick it right now . ( o ) yeah , well , i do n't think it 's too important . there will not be any review in the mean time . there will be , well , there could be the remote review and that could happen already during september or during month ten , so well we 'll just decide this as the write , and the the voice recordings are not clear . i think this is this is mainly what should go here would be the domain adapted to the domain adaptation data that we get from taos . ( p ) oh yeah , yeah . ( o ) so the uh , addition data from taos should go to the 1.1. and i think that karlsruhe probably should be those who will reviewing this because they will not be contributing much , or is there anything that your training at karlsruhe actually . are you training any new models , are you . . ? ( s ) i do n't think that we currently training any new model , we training new models but necessary on new data . ( o ) yeah , so in that case , it may be useful just to mention in this deliverable that what data sets you are using , and that you are not collecting any new data . just so that well , the little describe what- what we use . ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , yeah , okay . ( o ) so sebastian to review the deliverable and maybe maybe to provide paragraph or to on existing data kit is training their models on . okay , thank you . then i 'll skip over the periodic activity for now , and i 'll mention the data management plan . uh . this is the briefly talked about it already . so this is the directory of the data that would be created was created in and is being created and will prepare the structure and will ask for input , uh , this one could be reviewed by her voice , ask chiara , suggested . so this is our probably , probably-pervoice chiara to review . thank you . and then the deliverable on a ethics . this is something that we have to create . and really it is not clear what will the contents should be ? but i think that the best reviewer for this would be alpha view , because they are the closest to the people to like and users , and their data so will figure out what exactly is expected here . i am no clear idea at the moment , but i expect it to be similar to the previews , ethics deliverables , like describing the procedures . and listing the contents that we are collecting and so on so ondrej expects this to be similar to the previous ethics , deliverables . and if alpha view is fine with that to review . okay ? so i do not hear anyone from alpha view , i know that- ( ar ) do you hear me ondrej ? ( o ) yes , yes , yes , okay , thank you armin . fine so then , financial and the periodic activity reports , so tea please can you briefly say what you have figured out so far about this ? ( t ) okay . ( o ) so we can open the link . there is this part a and the part b . ( t ) and yes , this report has two parts . one is technical part and one is the a financial part . the technical part has two parts , part a that has to be filled for sigma for the participant research cartel , and the part b that should be a pdf which we will write abour what we are doing . what we are doing and how we got closer to our goals . ( o ) so for me , this part b is like the easy part , it covers all the work packages and each workbook page , and each task have to have so think that each task needs half a page of status update what has been done and each work package needs a summary of what the tasks , how the work package as a whole is proceeding . so for this , i will need input from every work package leader , and obviously , we are collaborating on the task so again , the work package leader , can ask back for the details on the tasks . but assume that for every task , we need either statement that this task is not to be has not been scheduled , and is not running or this task has not been scheduled , and we are ahead of schedule . and we have this nice progress or this task is proceeding according to the plan , and we have these and these things . so half a page for task is like the , the rough estimate , it can be longer . it can be shorter . it can report on . it can refer to any publication if there are any that would be very good . so that is like the standard report update , what i 'm not sure is the part a . ( t ) it should have been filled for sigma that 's what i tried to put into that google sheet of the continuous reporting . and those are the milestone , dissemination , gender and publications . ( o ) yeah , so just everybody know what's- that 's this sheet . so it is not only is the deliverable , but it is also the dissemination activities . ( t ) which nobody filled so far , if you are being the agenda . ( o ) there is the gender details . ( s ) this is a blatant line , we have filled something in there like a 20 seconds ago . ( o ) ok great , excellent . ( t ) ok , thank you . ( o ) so we need more input like that , and if i understand correctly this if everybody fills these dissemination , gender , patents , i do n't expect we have any patents . but still , publications . what is that ? the summer of publication should be written as a standalone bibtex . well , i do n't know what they want here , but i would like to receive bibtexs . so please for publications please send us bibtexs . here the short summary is populate all the sheets in this google sheet with your data . so tea please paste the url and provide bibtexs of your published papers and papers under review , may or may not be mentioned in the technical part , which is called part b. so well , if even if you do n't have a lot of you should describe the work what you have done . and if if there is a paper being submitted from this you may say so , or you may not need to say so , ( t ) actually i 'm not sure if we as coordinators should be filling all those datas or if each partner should fill them in sigma separately . ( o ) uh-huh ? okay . so this is something that will figure out what we need to have the information anyway . so use this spread sheet as the data collection place and please , collect all your possible data . ( a ) - you plate the link here again ? ( s ) i have , i already have it . ( o ) the link is here . that 's this one . i just highlighted it . okay , so that would be the data . and there is also the financial report , which is another part of that , right ? ( t ) yes . ( o ) reports , yes . and for the financial report- individual financial statements explanation on the use of resources , and the information on some cont- some contracting in kind to the contributions , and periodic summary of financial statement , including the request for interim payment . i do not know what- if this is- we 're not requesting any interim payments i think . ( t ) maybe i would collect names from like each partner with who i could have call about the financial report . ( o ) i think you already have names from the past , it 's the probably , so if the financial people have not changed , you should you should know them . but if they have changed please let us know . and i agree with tea that the best way to uh , to get the ready for this would be to organize separate call on the financial reporting , with the financial people so that they know what the data to collect . in shorted will be spending in the categories like personal , direct calls , . and then for each of these spendings , listing what were the most expensive items there . and how were they used in the various tasks . so that would be for the financial part , tea will organize separate call , preferably the call should happen next week or the week after that , so within may , for sure . ( t ) sebastian ? i have a question i have here as a financial person bentronimus , but i 'm not sure if you want to be on that call . ( s ) they are really taking everything over , so there 's not really much i can do . ( t ) okay . ( s ) the thing is we would have to double check with ( ? ? ) . if you double check within four days or so we might again , but i have to doublecheck ( ? ? ) . ( t ) okay . ( s ) might make sense that maybe our secretary mrs . ( ? ? ) . ( t ) sure , so if you just send me the names of people that should be on the call . ( o ) okay , this is hopefully an easy way to get to the periodic activity in financial reports , and who should review this . i would suggest maybe edinburgh to review it , because they have experience- the internal review . so phil could you give it to someone who has successfully passed from the coordinators perspective , this periodic reporting already . ( p ) that 's probably me , is n't it ? ( o ) yes , right . ( p ) sorry , this is just a scientific part , though , i do n't really- . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) i do n't really want to review the financial part . ( o ) yeah , okay , so , berry to review the technical part and we would trust that the financial people know what they are reporting . ( p ) i yeah , i mean , i 'm not going to be up to review table numbers and save it . ( o ) okay , thank you . so that 's it . ( p ) uh-hum . ( o ) yeah , the upcoming milestones , so remember , there is still the non ticked off milestone . and that 's the reporting , sorry that 's a recording in the alpha view platform . and i know that aline has asked tea if we are going to run this call in alpha view platform already . and i said that i have for some reason i was still was not in touch with our main , so that we have not tested it yet . so can we test it early next week ? ( ar ) sure , sure , we talked to our developers and they will see how what are the schedule for next week , and then will send you few appointments , which would be possible when we could do a test . ( a ) i would prefer if we could decide the date today . ( o ) yeah , okay . so test call next week and after that , if that works . i 'll both tick off the milestone and also we can have the workshop preparations calls on friday within the alpha view platform . the bad thing is that it will require windows . so who has or mac possibly i 'm not sure . ( b ) it 's mac and windows yeah . ( o ) so uh , who will have troubles with this or can everyone accomodate ? ( p ) i think i will have troubles . ( o ) so you 'll have troubles . ( p ) sorry , is this for the consorting meetings or what are we going to be using this for . ( t ) no it 's technical . ( o ) whatever , the sooner- the benefit if i 'm not mistaken is that the recording would have separate channels from the- for the individual participants , so the data collected through this would be easier to process . that 's the benefit . but if the benefit is like causing too much trouble to- for the technical discussions . because that will you would have to reboot , and all that , then i 'm happy to say that we will use it only for the monthly meetings , the project level , and and reduce that . yeah , ok . ( b ) yeah , i 'm not sure at the moment how we organize that . i do not really want to sell windows . ( o ) well , i have a separate machine for this exactly for that . ( b ) i mean , we could buy a laptop , but seems like a waste though . ( o ) so this is this is essentially , what would we do , we just already have it . ( b ) i do n't know , yeah , we should , phil has a mac , so we could share phil 's mac maybe . ( p ) there are lightly defeats the purpose of separating it , separating out the speakers i have . ( o ) i know . ( b ) it does , but i mean buying three separate machines in order we can separate the speakers a bit . ( o ) yeah . so after the test , tick off the milestone and then decide which calls will use it . i will say , atleast the monthly calls due to the like of windows machines . yeah , and we will see . so , i will let you know how the test went and will decide something called for technical , but we need to have this done anyway , so this is , and it will be also important for the integration of the translation , uh , service , and and all that into the alphaview platform . so none of the work at alphaview was any type of waste . okay . so then what other milestone is there . the first spoken language translation prototype , when is that as you do , do we remember ? ( t ) that 's by the end of june . ( o ) oh , okay . ( b ) um , right does that mean , what 's the actual requirement there , i mean what do we , what 's the means of verification be like . i mean , we have translation prototypes i mean . ( o ) uh-hum . ( ar ) the system and we went at the student fair can that be considered to be a close prototype . ( o ) possibly , so that we could simply tick it off . ( b ) well , i mean , we 're gon na deliver definitely translation systems and would gon na deliver ( ? ? ) or by the end of june . ( o ) yes , exactly , so i 'm also not concerned much about this . ( b ) when do we will have translation system that 's actually tuned to a spoken language translation is a bit more of an open question , we are going to do this thing with open the senses fragments . ( o ) so milestone month six baseline first spoken system available to the consortium . okay , that 's pretty vague and that 's the only occurrence of this ms2 throughout the whole proposal . so there is no further information on this milestone . ( b ) well , i mean , the milestones a really for internal usage , page 2020 project . so the question is , what does the consortia want ? is it's- i mean , so phil is n't going to be , is gon na be wrapping this . the least producing amarian wrapper and will endeavor to produce let 's say the best system we can for that under the circumstances for the application in mind can now be consider the first prototype . ( o ) yes , yes , so i think that the will definitely have this prototype solved , because we will be doing the the workshop , and we have already had the fair . so i think this this milestone can already be done . uh , for the congress needs this is the milestone that we are written to be responsible for , but i do n't know what that appears . because it 's not here maybe it is because we are the leaders of the mt work package , could be , but phil is helping us a lot with this . so here , i do n't know whether i should tick this of as soon as the multimodel the multilingual models are available . even if it is limited set of target languages . ( b ) we should look bit on milestone four , because what i think the project pioneers is to done deliver say milestone two , and then that feeds into milestone four . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) so that means this slt system is going to alphaview platform . so that some more difficult proposition problem is , there is more unknowns for me there . ( o ) yes , yes , i totally agree . and this will happen in august . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so it 's quite early and while there be summer , so it will be difficult to chase people around . ( b ) yeah . so what is making available on the pervoice platform sufficient for milestone four , or is there something else we need to do . ( o ) yes . so this is is built upon the the recording , but actually the recording has been now done separately outside of the , the pervoice integrator , right ? so what we have for now , is the pervoice mediator that anybody can connect to . and send the asr , send the sound too , the mediator will pass it to the asr workers , and the asr workers can pass it . so this has been tested at the fair . what has not been tested , is any integration with the alphaview platform so and the . so armin and allin what are your plans for this ? you need to , well , we had the blocker with the goal language . and then you have in the end decided to do the recording separately . so the recording has not has not provided as much useful preparation , preparatory steps for this . so how far are you with the integration of the , or with the interfacing to the to the pervoice platform . ( a ) but maybe we discuss , with technicality ( ar ) yes without developers . ( o ) yeah . yeah , so this is this is something which should be discuss a very soon , because there is limited time to implement it somehow , and also it 's somewhat linked to the presentation , but i 'm not saying presentation platform , but there has to be way in which the participants of alpha view calls could see the speech , translated . and one option is that a while having the alpha view call you would be also , you would have in another window , a web page that would use the presentation platform from pervoice , and it would be looking at the translation in the presentation platform , from pervoice , it is not a not a nice solution , but it could be the basics spoken language interface , it would be kind of available . it is not exactly in the platform , but it would serve the purpose . so that is like the fallback solution that you . so i think that for milestone four , what is absolutely critical . is that alpha view sends the sound to the mediator and then the rest is kind of available . the better version would be that you are also able to connect with like- to get the the text back , and to present text in some way within your platform , but i understood from franz , a previously that this is not easy to do . so this would be like more more work . so please take notes on this and i think that please report to us during the next week , what the developers think about these these commitments here . so the minimum is shipping voice to the mediator . and will be , the users will be looking at the translation outputs in the mediator , sorry in the pervoice presentation platform which will be ready for the workshop at the end of june the better version is that you will connect , send the audio and also receive the text channel in some way . but obviously , it is a different setup than the from the one that we are normally using in our tests , normally when we connect this bit direction client , the eb client . we send the audio , and we receive the transcript and or translation of that audio in your set up , you need to send your audio , but receive the transcript of other parties audios . and you do n't want to receive the transcript and the translation of your own speech . ( ar ) i guess the best way would be if we discussed it with our development team , because i lean on me , both not developers ( o ) so if you need any technical call on this , please propose some dates , and i think it would be good , if chiara was on those calls as well . because she would know how different the set up is from the normal operation of the mediator , because the channels are now like mixing , you need to connect two half clients in in some way . like one half client is sending my audio to someone else is half client who is this playing the transcript or translation of this . and i have another half clients running , which is showing the transcript from all the other parties . this is like the ideal- ( a ) okay , i understand the use case of actually i have to reason about this . sorry i 'm not able tell you right now if it 's feasible . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) or how to arrange it . ( o ) as i told you that the fallback solution , which should be okay for this , for this milestone . would be that the all the clients , all the alpha view like all the participants in the alpha view call will be sending their audio signals to the mediator , and the mediator would be doing whatever translation is there , and it will be presenting all the speech in this single a presentation platform . so i would see also my speech , translated into whatever language i choose . and i would see what other people also said , so in the presentation platform that will be one page , one web page that i open next to the alpha view system . and then this single webpage , outputs from more sessions in the current terminology . so that needs a little bit of adaptation of the presentation platform . so does that make sense ? so actually this is this is , we we we think that this is done , here some like deliberation on the languages covered is needed , but in essence we could claim this to be done . cutting down on the number of target languages , but what is critical is actually , and what was the name , the name was basic slt , so here , this is month eight , so for the month eight the fallback or minimum , alpha view clients sending audio to pervoice mediator , pervoice presentation platform allows all participants to choose language version of the transcript to follow , this transcript , this transcript needs to merge , trans , asr outputs and translations from all participating persons . so that 's the minimum , and it requires alpha view to send the audio and pervoice presentation platform to have that slight update that more sessions can contribute to the same thing . and the better version , alpha view runs two half clients , outbound client sends audio as above , inbound client receives text from other parties and is like labeled with party ids , this is something which is important as well . and presents it somehow , and ondrej expects that alpha view will find this difficult , but please consider it anyway . okay ? so i think , we know some of that deadlines are totally okay , some of the deadlines are risky , and some of the milestones really needs good thinking and yeah . so alpha view and pervoice please let ondrej know in week how this was accepted in your tech teams . yeah , okay , so let 's move on further , publicity achieved , this is actually something which we are already collecting for it would for the mentioned that for the reports . and yes there is the video i think i 've emailed everybody . so if you have any friends or colleagues have them watch this video , because the more views we have the better we feel , well i 'm kidding . so , but any way we can make use of this video for for various purposes , so yeah so the next point is the preparations for the workshop . we have spent , we are spending a lot of time on this . and thanks for all of you who will support us this is a really taking a lot of our time . and we were just on the edge off of being able to to do it right . and we need to keep running fast so that we do not lose that edge , and we actually deliver that . so the czech asr remains very risky it may not be there . and even if we do not have the czech asr what we will have for the workshop . so i will summarize it quickly for those who or are not present to our technical calls . it 's workshop of about 20 participants . everybody will be speaking in english , only there will have presentations some of them . maybe there will be a related materials . we have a half-way ready platform for the participants to upload their supplementary files such as the presentations , and any other reports , we will make use of these files to possibly adapt the asr to the domain . and sure , for sure to adapt the machine translation systems based on these text files , then at the actual workshop we will have for students of interpreting present , with four cabins of of these interpreters . there will be two respeakers cabins . so two persons will be repeating what has been said in english , and one person will be translating into czech . and one person will be translating this czech further on into german . we will have asr connected to the english floor , the main input signal , the two respeakers , and then possibly to the czech version , and then surely to the german version that they interpreted speech in german . this german is with the double delay , because it goes through the czech interpreter first . and then from these asr inputs will somehow , probably on the fly indeed and manually select which of these asr outputs is the best one to feeding to , the machine translation systems . if it is from the english , then like directly after the asr the empty the multilingual machine transitions system comes if it is from the german , then the german will first machine translated into english , and then from this english into all target languages , so that adds the delay , and all these outputs will be made available in the presentation platform . in the , this presentation platform is something which we still need to like discuss technically , but the participants will have their notebooks , this is something which which we have not discussed in detail . and the idea is that they will have webpage open . and that webpage will be the presentation platform , and it will show the streaming of the main slides and below that , below those stream slides . there will be the stream of the subtitles in the selected target language . so the participants of the workshop will have the option to watch the main screen and at the main screen , we will be probably presenting the english asr subtitles , or nothing at all , and in on their screens will be presenting the , the stream diversion of the slides , essentially the same slide , but with a little delay . and then below that the subtitles in the language of choice , we are like , if we do , if our translations are totally bad , it is not a problem , because the participants do n't need these subtitles . they are expected to talk in english , but we actually want the subtitles to be useful , because that is our serious important test for the for the congress , which will come in less than a year after that . okay . so this is the quick summary of what is what is planned . and , yeah , it is in preparation . yep , so . and now on the work packages , do we really need to uh , to go over the individual work packages . maybe very quickly . just so that we remember the work package names . what is work package one ? is the data here , yeah , so data , and this is the minuting . ok , so for the data here , the main thing will be the deliverable that describes the data we have collected for asr , i would like to learn more about the progress of asr , so take this as , please tell me know what is happening in your tasks within the asr work package . so am i still sharing the screen , because the plan and the planning for this asr packages , really free , we are free to do . anything , there is no schedule for that . so i would like to know what is happening in the robustness , language model adaptation and lifelong learning . ( ar ) ( ? ? ) fundamental experiment going on , they are working on completely new type model ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( o ) i 'm curious about this , this domain , the robustness , because there was a paper . i would like to find out for other purposes as well , which said , '' essentially , if your model is huge , if your data is huge , you do n't need to do any domain adaptation whatsoever . it is multi domain by default . is that essentially what your also confirming right , ( ar ) nah depends on the speech recognition system we are using . so ( ? ? ) the hybrid systems that we are using in the stream , for the stream . are not to mean robust , if you train on more data . you can show that these position of systems , actually suffer if you use more data . and only the new will end to end systems seem to be able ( ? ? ) the multi domain mix , and then are more robust to the default domains . ( o ) ok , that is interesting . ( ar ) the problem is that all these new end to end models ca n't be used in the slow latency run on asr yet . ( o ) yeah . so they are a bit directional right ? ( ar ) they are all directional that makes it difficult , so that it requires essentially tuning whether they are on possibilities to limit the sort of white context , the future context that you need , it 's a good question whether it 's or not , and then they are still ( ? ? ) behind and performances quickly , if you have strains on the computing power . it 's super fast if you can run them in batch mode on a gpu , so for that processing that 's okay , but you know for low latency , streaming processing even if you limit yourself at the lookahead that you do in the future , you might still have problems with performance . ( o ) yeah , and that is interesting , so that you obviously have like good progress , maybe like still open . many open questions . ( ar ) it 's okay , we may focus . ( o ) yeah , and for the lifelong learning , what plans you half in the long-term not necessary like for this year . would that be some more learning from the input , as you process it . ( ar ) that 's the idea that we learned from the input as we process it . ( o ) so , this is in sharp contrast , with the current ways of training of neural networks . so , do you want to like to get some feedback . ( ar ) ( ? ? ) , one is that we actually get human supervision , so that humans correct errors , and then the ( ? ? ) learn from these errors ( ? ? ) , and then hopefully you will be able to ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) . so currently we are having a couple of students that are starting to work on that . ( o ) okay , thank you , so that 's very interesting , everything . so you will have surely enough to write in the periodic report . let 's move on to work package on spoken language translation , looking at incremental decoding , altering results of decoding before full source sentences seen starting to implement the juristic okay . so this is the like we our research and innovation action . so this would be the innovation part . do we have any research outputs planned or expected in work package three . ( b ) yeah , we have not really been progressing the research very well here . we have resourcing problems . ( o ) uh-hum . ( b ) so yeah , i mean , we are thinking of , we have been looking at transcript normalization , so we starts to collect some transcripts . but , that is about as far as we got with that . we started thinking about the incremental empty after the , the review , the feedback from the workshop around easter , there is something we need . i think the the heuristic i mentioned is not . it was quite an early effort . so , oh wow you 've got a misrange of the screens . ( o ) yeah , yeah sorry . ( b ) ( ? ? ) but it is a starting point to see what i 'm , see how it looks and see how we can progress that , looking at the output of your segment of the segmentery looks completely different to what i would expect it . so um , i do n't know , is specific error specific set up . ( o ) we have like separate research results . ( b ) i realize that , but i mean , in you know , in the research . you got ta make some model of what you expect to have the input to be in the system . and you know , there is in this early there is an expectation that you would just potentially you would feed in the words want of time , you would see the words one at a time . but that is quite different for what the way the output is appearing from the segmenter . you know , you got this output , and then suddenly it changes are . suddenly it gets completely resegmented . so yeah , now there is a research question is to how you deal with such output . and i do n't know , i 'm not sure if it has been dealt with , maybe the sentence fragmentation trainees enough , for that . i have not seen enough testing . ( o ) yeah , okay . so that is that is more of the like segmentation issue . so that is a better integration between asr entry . and do we have any plans for the end to end spoken language translation , i do n't expect that you have done anything in the past . ( b ) we have a student coming who is meant to work on this and this . and that is been subject to some delays , so he is supposed to now come in july ( o ) ok . ( b ) they are having delays . so they should have started few months ago , um , yeah . but the idea is to start first july now . ( o ) yeah . okay , and that 's good though , thanks . and so i think that there again be enough to write for the report , so for the empty . so you have the a acl paper on document level empty accepted . thats perfect because we are experiments are like , inconclusive so to say , it is hard it 's very hard to find improvements at the document level . we have tried some document level setups and we are describing those in the `` w '' empty paper , to be submitted as the system paper . but it is hard to , to convincing ourselves that it works well that it does something useful , because the it is to the shaded like these too many possibily references , the reference ( ? ? ) is no longer useful for the evaluation of documents level . so on be curious to read , what would you have done there to actually show that it helps . ( ar ) yes , so we can find movements in terms ( ? ? ) specific phenomenon , like a translation of eliptical constructions , or consistent translations of names , and with that we could measure , the system does improve , and these test sets could also be useful for us in the future . ( o ) okay , yeah , so that is part of the acl paper . ( ar ) yeah . ( o ) that 's good , you are better than we are . karlsruhe process of deploying transfer model . ok , yes multi model setup , do we want to synchronize on this somehow ? i have one student as i mentioned working on this , but his results . so far are rather negative that if if he has multi target systems , then it 's decreasing the performance . and there is papers around would say that you should not be sharing everything in transform model . atleast the final ( ? ? ) should be should be separate . so , i do n't know if we want to write some join paper on this in one way or another , or if we proceed independently . so i 'm too busy with the practical set up of the workshops to actually do any reasonable research in this area that is , this will get somewhat better after the workshop , but if we can get some nicer outputs things to collaboration that would be useful . so yeah , please get in touch , i do not know who is it , is it felix in carlsruhe , who is doing this . ( f ) not me personally , i think it will be ( ? ? ) to collaborate on a practical ( ? ? ) , because of very different frameworks and libraries and all that being involved . ( o ) yeah , so you are saying it is better to do work separately and have separate paper right , if i understand correctly ? ( f ) i 'm not sure that this is necessarily the paper . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( f ) i do n't think that ( ? ? ) is such development paperwork result from that , it 's all been done . ( o ) yeah , okay , so that again the like integration part the innovation part . so you are improving your system so that they use the better transform models internally . ( f ) yes . ( o ) that is the thing to report . okay , so the baseline entry model this is the milestone , this is like the deadline month fix . and then the document level translation is something which should be spending over the whole three years , and then multi target is something which we will have still six more months to work on , and i hope to extract some useful outputs from the student of mine and also we should work together with edinburgh , because phil has these systems for his training . now , the the single system for the what workshop . but i do n't know if phil has any capacity for evaluating like , how much the performance goes down . if if they are more languages . or if you are only training a single like single run , so what type of ablation analysis could you make not necessarily before the workshop , but like after the workshop and later on . and if we could collaborate on this in one way , or another ( p ) sure , yeah , i think this will happen off to the workshop . probably , but yeah , at the very minimum , i would be comparing the performance of the multilingual system against bilingual systems trained on the same data . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) ( ? ? ) we are only dealing with fairly small sort of target languages , of the workshop systems at least . and so i do n't think that is gon na have too much of a home full impact on translation quality . ( o ) so we tried languages from the un corpus . and there was always a loss in bless core compared to the pervoice models . okay , yes , for the the workshop is a proof of concept . so , it is okay , even if the the bless course , are like three points worse , or maybe even five points worse . then there will be separate systems would deliver . but we need to , like measure this precisely after the workshop , and then see how to proceed for the congress . and the what is the final like scientific result from this as well . so let 's plan to do more ( ? ? ) after the workshop and let 's do it ( ? ? ) so this is something that dominick should also like the be aware of helped me to to over to oversee this . dominik , are you here ? ( d ) yes , i am . ( o ) yeah , so nothing is planned for the multi source for this year , and the flexible modeling release is still to come . for document level i 've already mentioned that we tried some setups form for the the news task . and we also created test suit of the elitr document . so the , of the saw documents , and we are going to have evaluate this with the help of supreme audit auditors and for english to czech translation . i have like a mixed news , the systems appeared too good . so it is very hard to evaluate the outputs . that was on wednesday , i was talking to three auditors , i was showing them the outputs of marian and transform , and then ( ? ? ) output , and also of google translate and they were discussing things , which are totally like irrelevant and not touched upon by the the training regime . they were discussing which synonyms are better to choose or near synonyms are better to choose and that for the area of value added tax . one particle translation is self of payer is acceptable and for their taxes , except for that other translations of payer are not possible . and and so on , there was also one case where two of these auditors said that they do n't like some translation . and the most knowledgeable the third one said: `` no , no , this is a good translation . '' so you really need to be domain expert in order to judge the empty systems . so this is an interesting input for translation quality as a whole . and also for the document level setup . when we have big enough training data and good enough empty systems . it seems to be impossible to evaluate it and find a better system , and also find ways to improve on that . it is not that there would not be any errors . but it 's that the errors are too scars and too different in nature . so there are only two errors that you could like work on directly . one of them is that the half of the second half of the sentence is forgotten , and you can check this was with alignment . and other repeating problem was that the abbreviations are wrong , but that 's it . the other errors were really ( ? ? ) , and you have shortage of expert people to evaluate it . so you can not do a large collection evaluation . so if you would evaluate many documents , you would then spot errors to repeat , but you do not have the resources to do that . and with small probes , you do n't see any errors repeated . so i do n't know how to proceed in the long term . this is an interesting like research problem . so , this will be our message for this in the various papers . okay , so let 's move on to the minuting work package , if there are no further comments or if anybody has anything to say to the little , like , the state of confusion of mine i do not know how to proceed with if the systems are that good . so for minuting we are mainly spending time on a collecting the data , and this schedule is something which i made up fully , when i was proposing the project . so will havea person , we have a person who is already working on like thinking about the models that could be useful for the meeting summarization . will have one hopefully one summer interm to coming for this with some experiments . and i think that the main result of year one , will be the validation , of the proposed schedule . so i think it is quite possible that we will figure out that the separation , the stepwise processing . would be different than from what i sketched , but we will have to have the reasons for for these changes . and so so , we are mainly collecting data , and we have some first ideas how to do the modeling . but we still have lot of time to work on that . okay , then the integration yeah , therefore . so we have discussed this recording and in the alpha view at length . and we have also discuss the the upcoming milestone , so essentially these things . someone wants to say something ? ( d ) no , sorry . ( o ) so the , for the alpha view we know that sorry ? for the alpha view we know that we are like struggling for time . and for the pervoice , this is the various outputs . and we know that we need to work on the presentation platform . so here , the integration for the purposes of meeting for the purpose of conference and workshop translations is forcing us to have progress . so i 'm sure we will have progress there , my concern is more for the things , which do not have the exact the immediate use . and that 's usage of remote meetings translation . and also , as the timeline says , '' the minuting demonstrator . '' and this is something which has the it is planned for the whole duration of the project . obviously , we do n't have any minuting prototype at all at this stage . will have the best models , which will only roughly do something at the end of the project . but still , we need the presentation part of the demonstration , the demonstrator . so this is something which alpha view needs to like pick up again and think if there is some useful work . they should do during year one . for the minuting demonstrator , like what type of planning is needed to be done so that the implementation of the user interface does not have to rush later on . so for the minuting demonstrator i do not expect any software implemented in year one , but i expect the specification to be done within year one . so this is something that we need to synchronize with alpha view and start working on that . so alin and armin please please , take a note , again this can wait after the workshop . it 's not critical . it can also easily wait after the milestone in month 8. after the spoken language translation like prototype . but we have to do something in this task by the end of the year . so it is totally okay to say in the entering report now that we have not started working on the minuting demonstrator because it is too early for that . but at the end of the year we have to have some thinking completed . okay . now , and for the dissemination , i think we are doing everything very well . and and uh , oh , yeah , there is one thing to to do . and that is this workshop for users . i think this is an explanation or some presentation of what we are doing . what is the technology for the for the workshop at sao , and it is it has been planned for month ten , but it is actually happening in june . so we are totally over our capacity for thinking what should we present to the participants . so i would like to ask alpha view if they could like help us to organize the whatever we want to present . so the thing , that you will be one of the participants at the workshop . you would come there . you would be , you would come to prague to discuss your value added tax topics , you will be given notebook by the organizer , and there hopefully would be the subtitles running . and there will be some limited extra time , very limited extra time . where we could present the technology and somehow explain this . so could alpha view come up with some ideas for materials , so that we would then distribute them to the people , or whatever . we have the ( ? ? ) , but i think there could be something more . so that 's , please alpha view , have a look at the specification in here in the description , what we actually have we though of these workshops could be . the workshop in the middle of the project , the workshop at you site , something which is already being prepared . there would be a half a day workshop indeed . we will cover that , we will be presenting not only a speech translation , but also other language processing technologies . so the , this middle workshop will be easily covered . but i think that we need to have something to say that we have done , some type of dissemination at this june workshop . so sao , sorry , alpha view , please handle that someway , we are busy with the technical part . okay , so here , it 's like progress , well in various aspects all the time , but the most , so alpha view to organize plan how can we disseminate elitr technologies for ( ? ? ) explain , advertise , participants . so again , sao is listening , supreme audit office is still on the call , yes ? but i do not hear anything from them . so it would be good if they were in touch with you . and if they confirmed what can we do at the workshop , or what can be done at the workshop . so , if you decide , so based on , based on the communication . of the decide what exactly to do in this respects , and it may be useful for someone from alpha view to come to prague , but it may be not so it depends . it depends on what sao will say . if we are given a half an hour to present something , that would be good . but if we are not given that , if we can only like handout materials . then there is no need to come . we can simply print the materials and give them all to people . if we are given this half an hour , i would probably prefer someone from alpha view , to work on this presentation , because we will be totally crazy about that the technology . and this presentation can be broader again . it need not only talk about , what we are testing at the workshop . it can talk about the other tools that could be useful for the auditors , but please talk to sao if will be given this opportunity or not , right ? alpha view , so alin or armin . ( ar ) yeah , we got it . ( o ) okay , excellent . that 's it . ( m ) for the record i heard it , if it works , does it work ? ( o ) okay , yes , excellent . so milos , i have two questions , one of them or one is please synchronize with alphaview on the dissemination at the workshop . what options would be fine for sao , and what should we do , what should we prepare for that . and the first question , which i asked at the beggining of the call is the data , the data recorded at the workshop , would they be useful , would they be available to the ( ? ? ) , and would they be also available for the public . could we release them as the corpus later on . ( m ) i 'm still waiting to hear back from relevant department . ( o ) okay , yeah , okay , we would need to know this , when we are writing the data management plan , or the data deliverables . and obviously we need to know before the workshop . if there are any consents . that is important . yes ? so , that 's if the relevant department says , '' possibly , but the individual participant have to agree , then please let us know , and this has to be prepared in advance , so that we have the consent forms and all that . '' in the various the discussions that i had with the for example the director general for interpretation . i was told that the consent , personal consent is the weakest possible way of securing your data , that 's actually the least preferred method , because the individual people ( ? ? ) later on . so there are better ways . if that is possible in the particle situation . so the best way is that people are forced by some law or regulation to provide the data of that kind , that does not apply in our case . the second case is that , the people do it as part of their jobs , so based on their like work agreement . they are expected to produce this data , and then the , their employer has the rights for the data . and i think that this in principle could be applicable . but this has to be like discussed if that is the case for the workshop for , and who are the employers of this . so maybe ask this question . as just an suggestion like how the data could be legally transferred to the , like for the use of the elitr project . if this work agreement would be available option or not . and if it is not the case . then if we need the consents . and what the consents need to have . and then eventually , like if the final answer is , yes , you can use that . ( m ) yes , but first we need to figure out if we can actually share the data if they are perhaps it will turn out that for some presentation , that needs to be non disclosure agreement of some sort . all this need to be figured out . ( o ) yeah . we are happy for any subset of the presentations . so whatever you can give us that 's fine . if you can give us small part , and you have , we have delete some sessions that 's , that 's totally okay . okay . so thank you very much . i do n't have any further questions , i 'm sorry that it took so long . somehow there is too many things to be discussed and done , but we have managed . i 'm stopping the screen sharing . oh , i 'm not stopping . it does n't work stop present , yeah . okay , so thank you . please stay in touch , and keep up the good work . ( a ) thank you ondrej , bye . ( p ) thank you ( b ) bye ( f ) bye bye ( o ) bye", "tgt": "project deadlines . distribution of data processing . project progress reports . projekt milestones . laptop operating systems for the calls . backup solution for the calls . workshop preparation . explanation of the whole project . segmentation . system problems ."}
{"src": "( a ) is this working . ( b ) hi . ( a ) is this working ? ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( b ) ( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( d ) hello armin . armin , do you hear me ? ( e ) hi everyone . ( b ) hi . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( b ) hi felix , good morning . ( g ) hi everybody . ( h ) hello . ( a ) one , one . not working dominik . ( d ) hello , testing for dominik , audio test for dominik . ( c ) hi , we can hear you . ( d ) then you have to mute it . or you can set the threshold , so perhaps when if i 'm quiet enough . ( g ) hey ondrej . ( h ) hello . ( o ) so somebody is on loud speakers . i can hear myself . ( f ) maybe from my mic mic . can you hear yourself ? ( o ) yes . okay . ( d ) everybody . we cant hear you . we da- dont hear you . ( o ) okay , now . yeah its always so yeah . but that is really strange , because i could hear myself already . and that was , i see that was from dominik 's mic , so that was what i 'm saying , so dominik is sitting next to me , and he has to mute his input so that it is not captured as my sound actually . so we still dont have anyone from edinburgh , right ? . ( a ) you are quite loud ondrej . ( ? ? ) ( o ) okay . ( a ) but here its fine so far . ( o ) i 'll try to mute myself a little . so . yeah , one question that i have on armin actually , as a technical one . how do i set it up , how do i connect so that i 'm connected with my user profile . because i would like to see the czech translation if possible . ( h ) then i 'm i 'm i 'm not sure if if i got your right . but if you click on the um chatbox . you see the ( o ) yes , yeah , but they are in english . ( h ) ah , okay , oh i 'm sorry ondrej ( ? ? ) for ask our developers , and another ( ? ? ) development team want to participate today so i 'm still waiting for him so i hope he will be there today , but otherwise i will write down your question and will tell the guys that . ( o ) yeah , how to see , so they now against sorry . so the thing is that i actually do have an account . i forgot is it elitr , alfaview or is it alfaview i 'll try to figure it out . like how do i connect to the room through my account , so that alfaview know its myself , ( h ) okay . okay i guess its just a different kind of settings we have to do because um , we created a new company for this for this testing room . so maybe we just have to add your account to the new company . so that should be fine , but i will write it down . and we will talk ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , okay . ok thank you . so are we still waiting for someone we have got phil . hi phil most of you are probably mutate so . ( g ) i 'm here now , i 'm here with barry and ( ? ? ) as well . ( o ) yeah , okay , great . so i 'll also hide myself with . sorry . i know that armin must be crying because we are totally like breaking the . ( h ) i 'm just asking myself well that 's a ( ? ? ) conferencing software and everyone hides ( ? ? ) . ( o ) the thing is that i 'll share my screen in a second . for just sharing the document that you have access to . and the thing is that you still can see my face , but i dont see my face anymore . so that makes me like anxious about what is being sent to to all of you . thats the reason why i prefer to like be hidden . if i 'm hidden then- if i 'm hidden to myself then why should you see me . thats the point . ok . so thanks everybody for taking part in this call . i hope that we have not forgotten anyone that we have all partners present here . as always this session is being recorded for the purposes of minuting work package so if you do not agree please say so now and anja or rather tea will later on still get your ( ? ? ) . i think we have done that , so yeah please double check . that 's just yeah . ( e ) i think we have to know . okay . ( o ) yeah so . is there anything that people would like to discuss . so this is this anything people want to add to the agenda . if you have anything , any topics that you need to bring up please mention them here . and one technical question is something that we need to figure out for the next year is , how are we going to deliver subtitles through 400 people at the congress . so this is something that you can ask your network people in your institutions . what they would recommend , because we know that wi-fi will fail . so this is for all the technical people around who were figuring out what , so we could maybe connect some of them through wires or we could bring presentations screens to some places and the auditorium . um . this is all to be all to be discussed . we have quite a few months for that , but its not an easy thing to solve . i 'm mentioning it . okay , so the next important thing is the date of the pre review meeting . you 've heard about this pre review already . this is , so we will have the full review after month 18 , uh , about a year from now , or a little more , but the the project officer , would like us to have a pre review meeting for which we will need to have deliverables finished . and the soon approaching deliverables in some reasonable form , which for this . it seems that it would be good to have it somewhere between september 23 in october 4. so i will i 've already asked tea to prepare dodo for this . so please fill this doodle rather sooner than later , when its here the link will appear here and sh- will find the date . it would be remote meeting with our project officer on the call ithink . and yes , wh- . but really sure about the financial data . but probably they will ask us to have some financial data , ready by then like to see how much we have spent in ( ? ? ) months and money . but most importantly , they were a bit checking the content of the project with its proceeding well . then the thing that , we are really working on hard these days is the preparations for the workshop for supreme audit office which is to happen just in no the name today , because they need to register them officially as well . so here is the uh , the sheet , where you should enter yourself . we really think that the more people are here the better because then you will see the setting . you will see the programs live . and that will be that really helpful for various things , and the days of the workshop on that with 27 and the 28 of june , the end friday . and there was a mistake in the days actually . so this is an a very important message for all of you who are coming or helping with that . uh , we got one day extra thanks to the mistake . so the mistake was that it is happening on wednesday and thursday . but it is actually a thursday and friday . so thursday is full day session . and friday is just the morning . and here is the place that is going to happen if you were coming . and you needed any help or assistance with accommodation , or whatever talk to tea . running as smooth as possible . we have this technical document , so if you are curious . and you dont know this document by hard . have a look . we have regular calls , and we have tested the technology today . it was mostly working . but also many things were terribly failing and some components are still missing . in general , i 'm i 'm very happy from the progress here . i know it is hard thing to do . and i know that all the partners in involved in this are working very hard to make this happen as successful as possible . so the i 'm still not confident , it will be successful dry run . but i 'm not sure as any errors than i was yesterday , or the day before . so i think we are . we are doing our best to be . the most important thing that i would like to remind every technical partner now would be to work on this fingerprints map . if i open that its actually nothing really at the moment yet . so what we . what we have now is only the list of languages that we need to cover . and the french is kind of unclear so the essentialy for the end user to display language . there is all these processes and interconnected components . and the way they are connected together through these fingerprints . and if we have these fingerprints in some messes status . then it is possible that every partner will connect their com- . the pipeline will not be constructable , because the fingerprints wont match . and it will be like one more level of complexity to debug the to to have the . so so please , when you have . whenever you are working on any component , please add the component here such as just by adding a rectangle . and saying that , this is whatever , soon english to czech empty . and then input fingerprint is something output fingerprint is something . and we 'll review pretty pretty prepase such as such boxes here , and we 'll review this and make sure to notify you that your fingerprints should be said differently so that it works together . and so this is a technical request for for everyone . so thats this thats this , sorry . the fingerprints map here . then another important thing i would like to have bring up is the invitations to present . sorry mouse is too clever i 've released my my one one of my fingers and it it requires me to lift both of them . i 've received several invitations already to present elitr as a running project . with its progress and is the big data value association summit in riga , which conflicts with our workshop . so thats why i immediately refused for myself , but i 've asked sebastian , dario , paolo and maybe other ( ? ? ) . but so far , i didnt get any any response . i think it would be useful for the consortium as a whole to be represented there . and its also important for the upcoming european like project calls for projects would be able to make it . please let me know now , and i 'll forward that to the organizers . essentially there is some ( ? ? ) language processing workshop as part of this summit , and that the program of this workshop is still , hopefully a in preparation . so we should be able to to to get ourselves in . so they are really keen on having us . but i dont have any anyone to to be there yet . so , yeah , i dont know , if if it dario , not dario , if . and all we all come up that if someone from a doctor . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) if someone from . nobody else is is familiar enough with with elitr . they may be anyone from anyone from carlsruhe , or . ( a ) i can ask sebastian again , but other than that i cant think of anyone . ( o ) yeah , and from edinburgh ? again , i know its hard . so . ( g ) yeah , its really bad timing ( ? ? ) going for a holiday and its yeah , i dont think its going to be possible its a really its ( ? ? ) . we need at least one person ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , thats right . so the last resort would be alfa- alfaview , alfa training if someone would like to join this big data value association . so for you , this might be interesting . if- the long term , you would like to be a part of well the , the set of organisations that apply for your projects . so if you are happy with the ( ? ? ) and the , and ( ? ? ) . ( g ) ondrej , could you , i 'm not really clear about value of that , this summit . actually is . ( o ) yeah yeah so . i can hear myself so please if you can . so the idea is that it is . so my understanding is that the europe essentially has , collects quite substantial amounts of taxpayer money , and they want to spend them in some reasonable way and finding out the reasonable way is not easy , even for the the knowledgeable people . so what they regularly , talk to various lobbistic organizations in the sense . and these lobbistic organizations are various associations of researchers ( ? ? ) . working in various areas . like buzz work or mt important buzz phrases artificial intelligence , so the people are now lining up on the various buzzwords , and they are talking to each other and then they write various reports , and and summaries of the status and summaries of the risks if we dont handle this and that . and this eventually in one way , or another makes it to the calls that the european commission regularly brings up . watched topics you would like to work . so if you stay away from this . then you will only receive the calls , and the calls may or may not be in line with your original interests , and you have to adapt to the calls , and you are only learning about the call when its up , when its actually published . if you are part of these discussions . you know , in advance , what is going to be in the calls , and you are partly shaping the calls . so it may be easier for you to adapt for it , is always open , but you have or have not the benefit of knowing whats whats behind the words . so thats thats the general reason . so there is is long-term vision of the europe . and now in particular from the people who have have put themselves together . the under this labor big data value chain , if you work with big data , and alfaview does . because you , if you take all the recordings , and you want to search them search through them . and all that coul- that could be considered big data . so thats why there is this ( ? ? ) language processing workshop there , because there can be lot of ( ? ? ) language appearing in the big data . then it might be interesting for you to know , who else is working on similar topics . solving similar problems or . i hope i 've clarified what whats the value . for this , and then is obviously its one tick . so we just tick off yes . we have presented elitr at this forum . and from that we have these new contacts and these new potential customers . ( c ) yes , i will discuss this with with ( ? ? ) . and few ( ? ? ) developers . i will give you feedback . ( o ) yeah , yeah . thank you . the next one is metaform . and again , i was asked and i promised to to ask everybody here , because its difficult for me this day . these days in october , eight and nine . we are probably going to have a meeting from another project that i 'm on . and so i could not against berry you were there some years ago , werent you ? ( d ) its sort of its probably been more interesting than this btb ( ? ? ) higher density of information , that ( ? ? ) more relevant . i guess somebody from edinburgh , because we will probably ask presenter or ( ? ? ) from edinburgh may go , i dunno who i just noticed we have a bit might be bit tricky for me , cause we have a project meeting on the tenth of the eleventh . ( ? ? ) thats in london , so , possibly , yeah possibly . ( ? ? ) ( f ) i probably have teaching them , so i 'm not sure ( ? ? ) . ( d ) so i may go i 'll look at our somebody from edinburgh may go . who could be ( ? ? ) about elitr at least . so , yeah , its its i mean for me its a bit its a bit clearer to find to go to the event like ( ? ? ) . like having the visibility ( ? ? ) forum . useful visibility at the bdv its just a huge event , and you get lost in these events its much harder to actually . ( o ) okay , yeah , so there is the particle of thing that i know in the program or pdv is that there is this workshop . and there is the relevant people at this workshop . so i know that andrej is is organizing ( ? ? ) organizing that that workshop , but they maybe organizing the whole thing . so yeah , so it . i think it would be a great division of labor . if alfaview was able to to go to riga and just present what we are doing any if any edinbourgh could . i 'll take the note . and probably nobody , but till ( ? ? ) . for alfaview . and i 'll tell the elg organizors who have asked me that they should talk to to you barry on whether someone from edinburgh will make it or not so thats it . so that they know its . so its . so its not sitting only in my mailbox , and and but your mailbox aswell . thank you . so thanks a lot . and the last one that i know , and this is something for the interpreters and translators of of the european commission , and and this is something that i 'm probably going to make myself . so lets i 'm not strictly asking , if someone would like to go here up please let me know . help would be appreciated as well . but i think this can be covered . okay . um-hum . thats this one ? ( e ) now i created the doodle for our review meetings so you can yes . ( o ) hello , sorry . so yeah , please fill yourself to the doodle in the meantime . so then we have the milestones . sorry , again . and the milestones we are late with the recording . but actually the recording is working fine . as far as i know , we 've had last fix from france few days ago , because the timestamps were not precise enough to reconstruct the the session , but otherwise , and we are even able to up to the precision . able to reconstruct the voice of the like join session , and we have this per stream , per person . right , is it correct ? ( f ) probably . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so i think this recording is now ready , and i 'm going to tick this off . so this this will be great , and then the spoken language translation prototype . i think thats essentially fulfill with to the mediator . so , i think that this is something that we can tick off as well , correct me if i 'm wrong . ( f ) ( ? ? ) its spd . ( d ) okay , yeah ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . phil agrees , exactly . and milos mentioned something . ( f ) the first point the alfaview recording is not working . ( ? ? ) can i hear myself ? okay , its working now . ( ? ? ) alfaview recording through the pd platform ( ? ? ) that . i know we have recordings from alfaview when used from alfaview . ( o ) oh , okay , i dont think that is important though . so they . the reason why we had it there . like through the pervoice platform was to make sure it successfully like , and that it is capable of of delivering the translated subtitles . and we have this capacity as well . so its not recording through the platform . it is recording separately , but it is actually connected to the platform in a sufficient way . so i think that we are happy with the with the setup . so , that . ( h ) thanks for the explanation . ( o ) yeah . it is euro side . so it should be all the possible target languages . but i think that we should be ( ? ? ) ourselves here . and we should say that all the ( ? ? ) that phil from edinburgh actually has has created are sufficient base line models . and we should tick this off at the end of the month as well . you agree ? ( f ) okay , i do actually have miltilingual system , which those all of the euro side languages or very nearly all of them . ( o ) oh excellent . ( f ) ( ? ? ) performed very well , but it does basic translation . ( o ) and its , so can it so is it that you have trained all the source and all the target language . ( f ) oh , no yes , i think its many to many system that covers all of the languages ( ? ? ) source for target ( ? ? ) any language pair that does not involve english it is going to be zero translations so probably not very good . ( o ) oh , i see . so you have to read only on ( ? ? ) data that had english on one of the sites . yeah ( ? ? ) so could you , we can say that this is a baseline model , it is surely a baseline can we work on some evolution of this , and maybe some fine tuning ? so it has been shown by ( ? ? ) some years ago , that if you do little bit of fine tuning , then suddenly , the you can like upscale , you can make zero-shot , perform much better . ( g ) that that may be true , but then you have a combinatorly explosions , 100 languages , and you want ( ? ? ) 10000 times . ( o ) if you is if you have these mixed batches , and within the batch you would not cover not all of the languages but , in the next batch you would be covering other ones . so mentioned to do fine tuning , not to create too many different with the other pair , with the zero-shot pairs hoping that it will improve the quality across all the pairs . this is something that has to be tested . ( g ) i mean , this is something we are testing . i 'm not sure we do not need to have this part of the basetime , because its still an open question even find ( ? ? ) as it seem model . if you have thousands on that transition directions will the model forget the old ones , ( ? ? ) again . ( o ) so what are your immediate plans with this ? so it is it is great that you have it . so i think , we will just take this off , but we would really like you , would really be happy to you to be close to this development like to test that our cells are best set up to actually make this system useful in the many to many translation set up . so if you essentialy use this system twice . then and you go through the english . then all the combinations are no longer zero-shot so evaluating , highly mountable fine-tuning is , is something very interesting for , for paper . so is it , is this on your plans ? and can we somehow got involved ? ( g ) yes i can suddenly share the data i am using , and the models i have trained . yeah , if you want to colaborate on this . so yeah , the idea is talking about about that ( ? ? ) lines . ( o ) yes , so a later in the document i mention that hopefully i might have someone student as the summer ( ? ? ) . and this is exactly that type of activity that i could ask him to do . like to run the various , could even have someone for some part of the summer to work on this . i would be watching him only remotely unfortunately , uh , but still , like , i know from from past that was that he was able to many things running his own . and it was ( ? ? ) . but , ( ? ? ) translation . so all these milestones or in good shape . it is it is excellent news , and i need to take them of in in the system and in ( ? ? ) platform , available , and we should be seeing the subtitles right ? where are those subtitles ? so this is this . i see myself talking . should i scroll it down , or is there some scroll to the end ? and this is something that needs to be improved later on . is is not is not scrolling in anymore , ( ? ? ) one , two , three , four , i dont see my output . so the scrolling is a little bit confusing for the moment , but it is not too bad . so i 'm not ( ? ? ) only english subtitling . and so only english as our is there , but i know . and this was my question at the beginning of the call to armen , that , if people such their language , alfaview client should know what is my preferred language for the subtitles and then the workers should , should be used like automatically . so this is very much related to the fingerprints . so we eventually after the ( ? ? ) workshop , which will test all the various translation directions from english into the the six or seven languages and possibly from german into something . then all this should be immediately available in end of august and some basic support will be there . so alfaview will probably keep working on the on the user interface , so that it is more usable and ( ? ? ) but , otherwise , i thing we are good , right ? ( d ) i 'm i 'm with you ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , thank you . and , there is this milestone is ( ? ? ) on the initial asr systems . so this actually is underspecified in terms of the languages . but the aim of this milestone interpreters of the ( ? ? ) congress . so we are working on the check asr all the time , and we still have no real succes ( ? ? ) working . and by the end of september we should be much better . ( ? ? ) so there will be a ( ? ? ) . what what other languages ? german , english are flying they are covered . then ( ? ? ) ( h ) ( ? ? ) i can hear myself from your microphone . ( o ) great . ( b ) this ( ? ? ) hear you . ( h ) yes , you , you ( ? ? ) you . get mixed up . yet . he gets us . ( o ) to 's a russian yes , ok ( ? ? ) . english , french , spanish , russian so . it is a question for ( ? ? ) by felix and felix is not working on asr , so , ok , ( ? ? ) . okay . yeah . ( ? ? ) sebastian mentioned that you will have something , but not the highest possible quality . so is something that you already have at hand , or should you retrain in its from scratch , because his old models and the software has changed in the ( ? ? ) , or have you do you know ? ( c ) ( ? ? ) we um we might have been . and so in the past , we will go with the italian friends and this to turn ( ? ? ) . and this is ( ? ? ) . but for us , and i we ( ? ? ) we never will be less than . so ( ? ? ) do not know , if we we need to process in a ( ? ? ) . but it is it is , you know , it is like for you , which is where the room and everybody ( ? ? ) loves off . ( o ) and then we have these language school , which is listed here on ( ? ? ) . and here in the scope of the languages , there is the a asr a primary focus is well covered experimental , we are working on check , but we need to cover french , spanish italian , and russian somehow . so please take this into account , ( ? ? ) and you know that they are you . so if you were afraid that you are not going to have a baseline models for the other languages . please talk to me . and we should we should somehow like jointly put the ( ? ? ) together to to have all these languages covered . ( ? ? ) uh , remember , there would be the real interpreters , who will test it ( ? ? ) student in their interpreters . i think that the asr quality would be better than the asr plus machine translation quality . it will be probably better to follow the the spanish interpreters speech . so this is why it is important from the users use point of view to have this . ( ? ? ) keep this in mind , ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) and how much of what you have needs to be redone , um , and how ( ? ? ) . and if you are struggling with this . then we , for example , might try to cover russian as well , but we have no data for this . and i would really need to like start searching for russian data . ( h ) but i mean , for initio asr system ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and that is a hard question . so the let us . i think that if we do not and if we skip this , and then we we excuse ourselves , then will be good , but it is still good incentive to try to cover the languages that want . so maybe edinburgh directly on the call now . they may have access to the the resources ( ? ? ) . i know that you have ( ? ? ) that what data you use and that someone that especially the bbc data was not available for any other research ( ? ? ) . but maybe there is other things . now we start with the a russians were soon not well . ( f ) i say , '' well , okay ( ? ? ) so i was used to some readers on . ( o ) so please , if you can ask around and dig this up . them the russian is something which is not covered by anyone as of now . so and ( ? ? ) starting point would be good . so . ( ? ? ) and have and of september . and we will see how how well this goes but for the other milestones . i think that we are in very good shape . and here , if we if we if we reinterpret in initially , in some way , where we are good as well . so then that ( ? ? ) . this was our old plan by mid , june , complete contents , internally reviewing stars , and the reviewers are listed in the ( ? ? ) sheets , which you can look up . and the overly feelings are also in the uh , the one , which is not finished at all is the initial training data separating confidential and public version . so . well , i admit , i have not had chance to look at this myself , even um . and i see that their work and crawled corpus after the nineties right ? ( d ) that is right . i still ( ? ? ) section to to ( ? ? ) . ( g ) so here are basically three sections ( ? ? ) for this this session on ( ? ? ) , asr but i think there is or nothing in the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay . so we will see ( ? ? ) he still doing is exams this week , but we will have them from the very morning monday morning , and will make sure that he is the first thing he does seem to be actually writing or putting the contents to this action . ( g ) okay . ( ? ? ) and the last barry and myself are responsible for all of them . so ( ? ? ) we will make sure my artist on by early next week . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( g ) ( ? ? ) yeah , by , the end of next week . we were ( ? ? ) move the . ( o ) which is great good will be still in time for the internal review . ( ? ? ) the internal reviewer . does anybody anybody remember ? ( ? ? ) . ( e ) okay , the fillets maybe she . ( ? ? ) was his availability towards the end of the months because we will need him , and we are still working on that content . ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) then the periodic activity and financial report . this is the liberal number d eight point one . and this is something that we have warned . you will need input from everyone . but we have realized then needed for the mid project review , and we have talked to a project officer and based on what is the best practices in other projects such as ( ? ? ) month 20 , and because there is some submission policy . so this . this financial report is actually delivered in the in the \u00ef\u0192 system , and for for the single system to generate ( ? ? ) to close the system like freeze it . and in this frozen face you can not even add the other ( ? ? ) . so um , we ensured , or we think that the timing of this is the eight point one is missplaced , and that it is ( ? ? ) from previous proposals essentially and with the permission of our project officer we will officially ask to move this ( ? ? ) down ( ? ? ) to around month 18 for this . we will have this , and we need have the permission from all you to ask for project amendment . ( o ) so an official requests from the consortium to the european commission that we would like 8.1 to month 18 or 20 . this is something that will have to decide . and i 'm not sure if this consent from you is sufficient now during the call , or if the signal system will then have in there that you agree with with that change . first of all i would like to ask you if if you agree with this official move . deliverable , and if you do then i would like to remind you that you may need your agreement in this ecosystem later on , yeah thank you . so please maybe everybody say that you are fine with this just for the record . ( b ) they are fine . ( h ) thats fine with us . ( g ) i have to double check with paolo . ( o ) yeah , okay . so if we if we dont get this approval . if or the european commission says no you have set yourself to report our activity now and month six then we will simply do age when when ( ? ? ) or the main drawback is that we will be doing this twice now . and then also for the month 18 review . ( ? ? ) bergamot does not have anything in month 6. then they have the same month 18 review , you know . so if you have started already with preparing the details for this , which is various things of including like the spending and ( ? ? ) please keep this data . it will be a useful for the september pre-review . so we need to figure out what what exactly is when when talking about this , i have some vague memory of talking in person to a project officer and his data gathered for his d 8.1 deliverable . and , so that will be ready for you to look at on the pre-review meeting . so we need to contact him again . of the system would be in clash with ourselves submitting the other deliverable . so we definitely do not want to deliver this on the 30th of of june , but it is possible that the european commission will demand this form anyway . so we may be asked to collect the data was during the summer , even if we are allowed to officially ship this deliverable to month 18 . so this is still like the mm-hmm . ( d ) we had interim report ( ? ? ) because it was required fp7 . this was ( ? ? ) using the continuos reporting this was just pdf . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) it wasnt yeah . ( ? ? ) got stuff together ( ? ? ) we use for the 18 months report . ( ? ? ) of the periodic reporting ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . so lets try to drop it , subject to the agreement from paolo as well . and lets particularly investigate . what will they want from us on the pre-review meeting intail the ( ? ? ) parts like progress report . so thats thats something that would be useful to collect in any case . and lets see how strict they will be about the financial and and the month that person on spending details for the pre-review . okay ? ( e ) okay , dario please try to get contect from paolo as soon as possible because today ( ? ? ) how complicated its to make an ( ? ? ) , and it takes quite some time , we have to finish it before the end of june . okay ? yes . ( o ) at least the application of to the amendment and the ec will take a while to respond to that . but they will already know from our comment about this ( ? ? ) deliverable that we are not ( ? ? ) now because we ( ? ? ) request . so please those who have agreed please enter yourself also in to the document , so ( ? ? ) yes . then the data management plan , this is not finished at all , except for anja 's work package 5 , and ther- there is some little changes needed . so , lets open that . so the experienced people from for example the the bergamot project ( ? ? ) what this looks like . its a confidential deliverable ( ? ? ) essentially along the work packages , so maybe barry or ( ? ? ) could you commend on the on the important of these fairness things . cause it was uncleal to me . we did something for bergamont , but . ( d ) this come from a really . ( o ) ok , so . ( ? ? ) this somewhere . ( e ) yes , we found a template on some official website , so we just ( ? ? ) copy that . ( o ) yeah , because i remember that the data management plans that we had for ( ? ? ) . were less structured , and put there essentially what we thought was important about like where ( ? ? ) and who can use it . so maybe maybe we should treat this template as and then . whatever we dont like mentioning ( d ) yeah , i mean for the document that is , i mean ( ? ? ) . ( o ) is confidential . so its only us if ( ? ? ) . ( d ) in your experience to reviewers ( ? ? ) . but these days , management plans . ( o ) no . ( d ) we dont ( ? ? ) he has a habit of making things more complicated . yeah . ( o ) he 's too precise . ( g ) both at the same time , you are almost impossible to hear . ( o ) yeah , so this is . i think that every work package was not done there part yet . so this is request to work package leaders , to make sure that relevant data for the work package are mentioned in one way or another in this document . so i think that the 1.1 is a great source of the details . and that the parts in d 1.1 that relate to the czech asr will be just mentioned here so , like for the data for the work package ( ? ? ) data we have ( ? ? ) been listed in the 1.1. and the the difference . the main difference is that in d 1.1 we want to cover only the data that we have already collected and processed but in know that we 'll process later . so this is also the future . this is the past , the current status and the ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( d ) sorry , i mean ondrej is this really , so another project data management plan would be to say , these are the types of data that we 'll gather and these ( ? ? ) will take this how we manage it . what what we are proposing here is ( ? ? ) actually go through td slay list all the data sets that we actually gon na collect and all the details of them . is that . i dont maybe thats actually what we were expected to do , i mean i mean ok so , ( ? ? ) . list all the data sets and tds detail . shortcut would be just to say here 's our approach data management . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah we will rely on the data which is being released anyway for various share task and we will just mention the shared tasks and thats it . ( d ) i 'm not sure if this should be should be some redundancy between work package because it looks like a lot of it you can state once and then you just have a list of the different types of state rather than repeating for each work package . ( o ) yeah , ok . so i 'll probably since we are responsible as the as the coordinator . for this deliverable , we 'll probably try to cut this structure shorter and . but anyway , we would like from every work package leader , what their take would be . in general terms specify what types of data will that work package need and where you will get it . in general terms . and if you have particle data sets as examples please mention them . so for example , the russian that would be nice place to uh , to mention russia speech ( ? ? ) . please every work package leader provide this input here here and i 'll ask tea to somehow like put it together . ( d ) so ondrej , if its not our if its not our data why do we have to manage it , ( ? ? ) data management plan ( ? ? ) we actually create . ( o ) i thought its the data that we use as well . ( d ) in the past i 've just taken ( ? ? ) we create , because really , its up to other people to manage sources that they create . i dunno . ( o ) you are right . okay , so we will probably . so ( ? ? ) we have already said that we are not creating much data . except for the minuting for example , and the minuting is written here in . ( d ) well , i mean as i was saying i mean one of the ( ? ? ) this dry run is to gather as much data as possible about whats going through our system . yeah , and i think the logs that was very valuable . ( o ) yes . ( d ) work . that is an example of the sort ( ? ? ) together . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so thats the data set . but we just have a paragraph . and then we , and thats all we need . ( ? ? ) all the work packages for dry run . ( ? ? ) i dunno ( o ) ( ? ? ) agreement from the sao work for this for example . ( ? ? ) so please every work package leader which ( ? ? ) you for the well you are for the data actually . ( ? ? ) so please put this paragraph there . and also felix , if you could put something there for asr . we 'll somehow try to cut it short . ( ? ? ) in some simple way . ok , so that will be this part and then we have the the deliverable on ethics . and this is essentially done . so armin please you can start reviewing here . so if you had any access problems to this overleaf or whatever . and any , you can either edit it directly in overleaf or you can add ( ? ? ) pdf or whatever . and thats it . and then for the google sheet . this is the data that we thought would be needed , within to this data will be needed for the pre-review in any case . so i would like now ask tea to quickly present this and then because i 'll take a little break , and then then if i 'm still not there maybe ( ? ? ) in the call so we can be very brief and and maybe skip that ( ? ? ) . so tea please remind everyone what they need to put here and they should be doing that continuously , not not only for the occasion of some of some deliverables . i 'll be back in second . ( e ) okay , s. the first thing is that in the dissemination you have to update it continuously because you want to remember it when after helping , so its on the fourth sheet . and you also have to scroll to the bottom , because there is like estimated number of persons , which we reached on ( ? ? ) . so just keep filling this table . and i dunno , there is a gender so ah , i think some of you already fill that part , yes we are just missing from pervoice and alfaview so if armin and dario could fill the next as summer for publication it . you just should summarize in one or two sentences what are you have what you have done , but uh , think in this one special will wait . ( c ) just a brief question tea , only for the people involved in the project , or for the ok . ( e ) i think it should be only for the ( ? ? ) because we will later ( ? ? ) into sigma and yes so . it should reflect the amount of people working on elitr . ( c ) okay . ( e ) thats all from me . anyone has any other question . if no , you can do start talking about your progress . ( o ) yeah , so i 'm back here . so i 'll try to do summary myself and if there is something missing , then mention that . and if misinterpreting something then say so as well , but lets lets make it quick . so in the data ( ? ? ) , if we if we are successful . we should even be able to use it for the workshop adaptation , well , phil has worked on the work pac- on the deliverable from this work package ( ? ? ) is essentially processing well , and for the asr ( ? ? ) egularly run their training session where six interpreters is interpreting the same input signal and we should get access to this as well , so this would be nice speech translation data but the transcript wont be available , so this would be something that would be needed to . ( g ) i have to leave . so . thank you , chiara will ( ? ? ) . okay ? ( b ) thanks . ( o ) and dario are you coming for the correct date of the workshop , you know its the date change right . ( b ) yeah yeah yeah i heard about the date change , but its okay . ( o ) okay , so see you in two weeks , in less than two weeks . thank you , bye bye . ( b ) bye bye . ( c ) sorry ondrej we have meeting i have to leave . ( o ) okay , well in that case ( ? ? ) so please everyone have a quick read through what other are doing and enter yourself . to this , but i think we are proceeding very well and yeah so lets close the call . and otherwise thank you for your time , and also for your ( ? ? ) . lets keep our fingers crossed for for the workshop in two weeks . thank you . ( f ) bye ( h ) bye ( e ) bye", "tgt": "many things terribly failing and components missing . discussing about metaform . multilingual system made with all euro side languages . all people working on czech asr all the time ( still no success ) . plan to complete contents ( mid june ) . bergamot does not have anything in month 6. update dissemination continuously . date of the pre-review meeting ( full review after month 18 ) . milestone ( initial asr systems ) ."}
{"src": "( b ) hi armin , yeah , it works . so you have to unute unmute yourself , but i can see that you have joined . ( a ) hello , can you hear me now ? ( b ) yes , yes , it works . ( a ) ah , great . hi , ondrej . ( b ) ( ? ? ) yeah . ( a ) okay , thank you . ( b ) so i 'm happy that- to see that it works even without any installation . ( a ) yeah , yeah . we we we 'd always said that we should download the ( ? ? ) and our it 's very restrictive . we we we are not allowed to install something , but then , we found the link with says ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , yes exactly . ( a ) so okay . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) great , thank you . ( b ) so talk to in a second . yeah , or enough in in a couple of minutes . ( a ) sure , sure . sure , sure . ( c ) hi everyone . ( d ) hello everyone . ( b ) hi . i 'm happy uh to see that it works for all of you . ( d ) great . ( b ) okay , well , it seems that we have many people already . uh , great . thanks for joining . ah- ( e ) good morning . ( b ) yeah , so we have karlsruhe . we still do n't have anyone from uh , uedin , right ? so lets wait a little while for little while . but uh , uh , the it 's good to see you after uh , all this all these complications with covid . sebastian seems kind of ah , yeah , frozen . i do n't know whether the picture is frozen or sebastian is frozen . or whether this is just uh , a photo . it 's probably just a photo . ( f ) just a profile picture . ( b ) yeah , okay . so good to uh , um , good to uh , good to have you all all of you here . there is something sebastian , which we need to discuss uh , directly . and that 's the it 's actually mentioned . uh , here is the organization of the iwslt presentations . so do do you have any preference or d- do you have any idea how do we do it ? because marcelo already asks uh , asked a while ago . uh , are you making any steps in this , or decisions ? ( f ) no , i have n't done any steps and decisions , i thought sort of you 'd ask with doing it- ( b ) yeah . ( f ) and the , coordinating . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) so what what 's your propose ? i mean , what we have proposed in the a in the offline seems quite a reasonable . i do n't think that- ( b ) uh , w- which is why i have n't really read that yet ? ( ? ? ) . ( f ) so they have- i 've tried to remember . so they organizing a panel , so we should n't do that i guess . ( b ) okay . ( f ) and then they always have 2 time slots for the presentation of the papers . ( b ) um-hum . ( f ) the papers can- also the presentations , can be pre-recorded , but uh , then podcast um , at an european time zone time slot ( attend , attend ) us time zone time slot and then you have to be available for a questions i guess to in that time . i have to look it up exactly . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah and and the panel , so so do we really want ? - ( f ) and they they are going to have a panel , exactly . so we should n't organize another one as well . i do n't think so . i think one panel should be enough . ( b ) yes , exactly . so yeah , exactly . so lets lets no organize a panel , lets just do the- so we will need to have probably pre-recorded summary of the results uh , presentation . ( f ) well , we have to pick which paper , uh , probably one paper i guess . uh , i i have to look it up again . so which paper is sort of suppose to be presented as an ( ? ? ) paper ? ( b ) oh , that is strange because independently , dominik has received a request from the main organizers to prepare a video for his- well , the elitr submission and- ( f ) okay , then- yeah , that 's 2 , so we- there was a selection process , which ones to select for- ( b ) okay . ( f ) okay , so that 's taken care of then i guess . i still have to look at it and then we have to prepare for the posters . ( b ) yes . ( f ) i guess , that 's also taken care of then . i mean , the deadline was already uh , 3 days ago and and deadline was given by acl so- ( b ) for the decisions . uh , for - ( f ) exactly . ( b ) for , for the timing . ( f ) for the for the decisions of- so for what i 've understand understood from marcelo , it 's ( ? ? ) wanted to know and 24 was everything sort of . ( b ) yeah . so hopefully there is only one slot for us to present the overall results and the rest is hopefully done across all the tasks . that will be like- ( f ) let me let me see , i'm- okay , i have to saw that because i 've got maybe 2 dozen or more emails on that topic . ( b ) um , yeah , yeah , yeah . so have i and- ( f ) and so marcelos latest proposal was- so over your paper will be exactly um , podcast . twice at 9 am and 6 pm seattle time , so essentially , european time , us time . uh , ( with ) different speakers or papers will be prerecorded . 20 minutes poster , 5 minutes prerecording uh , prerecorded talks ( ? ? ) . okay , he says , he wants to organize workshop workshops sessions of 1 or each 1 evaluation . ( tricks ) . so might we that we have to organize a - ( b ) 1 ( or ) - ( f ) 1 ( or ) 10 ( or ) something session . ( b ) okay . ( f ) workshop session of on that ( record ) . but i i guess , that would be to very ( ? ? ) with- ( b ) to ( file ) ( ? ? ) but that was too quick for uh , for the decision and he had to uh , respond immediately . so well , okay . yeah . ( f ) well , as for ( ? ? ) then i 've understood that he basically , he worked the thing i think ( ? ? ) something and report by monday or ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , which i 've failed to doing time because i had other things as well . okay . ( f ) i i did n't see the emails before monday because we 've had a long weekend . ( b ) yeah . okay , thank you for your update . in the meantime , uh , i think everybody has joined . um , we do n't have sao here , but they are not in the project . and i do n't know whether they were officially uh , reminded about the meeting . so they could only uh , watch , but share their mind . just the question who is this me firefox cross ? someone someone 's name is uh , me firefox , uh . would you know , who who that person is ? i can probably unmute the person , but i do n't know , whether that would be polite enough to unmute someone . well , lets hope , that there is no sp- yep . so - ( g ) i talk to you ondro . ( b ) great , okay , so this is actually the supreme audit office . so this is milo\u0161 . uh , so we have everybody . uh , great . thanks for joining . lets try to be quick uh , again . but there is lot of things that we have to discuss . so uh , you have seen the agenda before . if you have any , uh , things that you would like to bring uh , up on the agenda , uh , please , put them there right now . and also make sure to to to have your ( ? ? ) , if i 'm s- talking all the time . uh , uh , so lets start with the um , um , with the uh , uh , the the postponed review . so it 's seems , that people have not uh- so tea , uh , please , let let us know what this doodle is . this is that we need to figure out , the date . ( c ) okay , so it 's because the the review will postpone till september . and we should give uh , our project officer the new ah , a new date . and i see more people finally voted it , so- ( b ) so maybe we'd- uh , we have pervoice , we have uh , phil . yeah , so maybe there is a chance to to pick a date . okay , so thanks for thanks for your vote and we 'll see uh , what what comes out and we 'll let you know maybe already now . so then the financial tables . this is a preparation uh , for the new official submission . so since we have there you only in september , uh , then there is uh , uh , time enough to have all the numbers in their final form . uh , i do n't know about about your your institutions , at our institutions , we normally can provide the final numbers at the earliest like 2 weeks or 3 weeks after the respective month has ended . and since the 1st period , which we are reviewing end with june , we can not have the official numbers from our part earlier then in mid july , or towards the end of july . i expect the same applies to you . and the eu gives us 2 months actually to to finalize these numbers . so we ask for the financial tables with the deadline of may uh , for like a testing purposes . uh , so that it we would get an estimate from you um , uh , and we would also like double check that you are sending as the numbers , that we understand uh , and uh , that we can put it together and that everything makes sense already before the uh , the final dates . so uh , is anybody uh , missing ? alfaview , yes . so we would like to get uh , um , uh , these estimate uh , numbers from alfaview . and uh , we will review those , that we have received and please , be ready to to have the final versions of these , which includes june um , spendings um , in mid july , or late july . and from that point , uh , until the end of august , we have to finalize it and send it as as 1 of the report , or maybe ( fill ) it in uh , in the online system , so that the eu knows . so expect that at the boundary of july and august , there would be some paper with necessary on your side and especially in your respective financial departments . but everything- the content should be already pretty clear after this dry run with uh , with the may preview of that . uh , are we aware of any problems there ? do we expect any- anything strange , anything like unforeseen and un- un- unplanned ? to any to - ( h ) hi ondrej , um , um , i 'm in here from alfaview . ( b ) um-hum . ( h ) no , we we do n't expect any problems . the only thing is um , that we 're not turn out to see the numbers from our colleagues , all the salaries . ( b ) okay . ( h ) that 's the reason why we already have to put it to our of finance department and they come back with number . ( b ) yes . ( h ) so that- ( b ) that is okay . ( h ) ( ? ? ) we are late , that 's that 's - ( b ) that is totally okay . ( h ) we we ca n't estimated it because we do n't know all the salaries . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( h ) that 's that 's the thing why we 'd be late . ( b ) yeah , this this numbers should come from your financial department anyway as sum . it it 's not uh , like separated by by individual people , so- ( h ) yeah . ( b ) this is this is all uh , standard . ( h ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) still , i would like you to get in touch , or maybe link directly you financial people with uh , with us . ( h ) um-hum . ( b ) so that we know , that we understand the tables the same way . ( h ) yep , yep . ( b ) that 's the purpose- ( h ) yeah , that's- ( b ) that is the purpose that is the purpose of the the like dry run , uh , uh , which uh , which was due uh , end of may . ( h ) okay , okay , great , we will do this . ( b ) so yeah , so this this dry run should happen anyway . ( h ) um-hum . ( b ) the numbers will be a- approximate , but it 's to test whether we understand each other . and then in july , it would be easy to get the uh , final numbers . ( h ) okay , great we will we will tell the - we have 1 1 person in our finance department , who was responsible for the e- european stuff , so we all european projects will talk to ( ? ? ) she will come back to us . ( b ) yeah , okay . ( h ) okay , thank you . ( b ) uh , thank , you . so then the most important , uh , stuff to deal with is the large- pretty large set of deliverables . here are the overleaf links . uh , and we have the reviewer chosen . uh , we do n't have a reviewer for the report on nlp technologies . ( f ) i can do that i guess . ( b ) either , yes , either you , or i thought that it could even be alfaview . because it is a workshop , which was planned and it will happen , once once it happen , once it happens for lay people . so for people not uh , not familiar with nlp technologies at all . uh , so it could uh , thanks for volunteering , i 'm i 'm searching for uh , the appropriate uh-huh , appropriate ( ? ? ) , but it's- i have to see it elsewhere , so that i do n't disturb in my office and that 's pretty annoying . um , where is the ? - i do n't see the uh , yeah , the the numbers are too- uh , sorry , too too small screen . yeah , that 's it . uh , so the uh , the reviewer for- and we do n't uh , yeah . the reviewer on spoken language translation , which is overseen by uedin is also missing . uh , i do n't know who could do that because it's- we are all in involved . ( f ) it 's it 's dario in my table that i see . ( b ) oh , you see dario as a reviewer ? ( c ) y- yes , because it 's in the google doc , but not in the- ( b ) oh , okay . okay , so i 'm looking at the sheet . so that 's dario is reviewing , that 's good . uh , and then report and dissemination . so that 's another important thing . this a report , that has to be written by alfaview , but everybody should contribute their data . so uh , if you have n't done so yet , please , make sure to enter all your dissemination activities remote , or in person , which obviously was limited , into the continuous reporting table . the link for the continues reporting table is just uh , on um , uh , under the page break here . so yeah . that 's uh , the ( 7.4 ) for please be aware , that everyone needs to uh , needs to fill this uh , google sheet . so that is an- ( h ) ondrej ? ( b ) yep ? ( h ) sorry , may may i say something about it ? ( b ) yep . ( h ) um , thanks again , for for for saying that we need more input . um , especially what we were we need especially more input is in the scientific dissemination part and the workshop and nlp technologies . also , what would be very good , if you participated on trade 1st , or after covid 19 outbreak on a kind of online ( ? ? ) online ( ? ? ) . just let us know , so we can integrate it in our report . ( b ) yeah . so about the- about the workshop , uh , i suggest , that we actually say , that more details are in this separate deliverable , the 7.2. because the workshop actually did not take place . there were preparations and we will write- ( h ) um-hum . ( b ) what the preparations were , when dids any dry run sessions happen , what was the planned content of the workshops , or the like the the workshop as package is essentially ready . it was just not delivered because the the covid crisis . so there is uh , like no dissemination actually happened , but the- ( h ) but the preparation for dissemination . ( b ) yeah , but preparation for- ( h ) ( j ) can i ( ? ? ) ask for clarification here ? so i see that uh , someone also entered the papers , which they published . should we do that also in this dissemination sheet ? when we published a papers and and name elitr is is not ( ? ? ) should be put in ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uh , that 's a good question . so it- we should report all the papers somewhere and maybe these dise so so a definitely , we need to collect all the information , ideally bibtech uh , uh , entries from my point of view . for all the papers , which acknowledge uh , elitr . uh , and the yes , lets lets probably think that the best place is indeed this this report . if there is some other online- ( f ) it 's it 's it 's partipi- participation to a conference so , i mean , usually we participate to a conference , where we published a paper . ( j ) that 's ( fair ) . what is the expected number of people at iwslt and ? - ( b ) yeah , yeah . so we do n't know , but d- that yeah . i 'm bad with like this table filling thing . so fill something reasonable . yeah , so um . ( i ) so should we put a papers into this document ? i mean , as uh , rico has . um . i 'm not sure that- it does n't seem a great format really , but- ( b ) yeah , exactly does n't seem uh , as a good format . ( c ) the- in the pre-review , which we had uh - ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) during the autumn , we put uh , the papers only into like into the text . we- ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) but we did n't fill them into this table . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) so only if you went- if you were attending a conference , i think , we have put it here , but otherwise if we just were , well , if there was a paper we- ( i ) i i understood , that some kind of semi-automated system for getting papers and the eu units open ( ira ) or something like that . so . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) we- i mean , we have- uedin had fill in our papers and think of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) and it 's automatic , like to this open ( ira ) . ( b ) okay . ( i ) automatically , the eu can get it . well , i assume is not fully automatic . there must be some steps like as an elitr paper . ( b ) we 'll have to check . so the uh , i remember , that someone told me that if we simply put the papers into our biblio , which is our bibliographical system , then it will get there somehow . ( i ) yeah . that 's a similar . i do n't know what magic happens in between , but there is- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) i mean , it 's probably not complete magic . but that that seems a better solution than than putting- ( b ) yeah , so here for- ( i ) the spread sheet . ( b ) yeah , for for this spread sheet , rico has put the paper is here and felix has is now putting the iwslt uh , paper . but i suggest , that we put here uh , rather the things , which do not have a paper associated . so um , uh , that that that happens . they 're like uh , if you have an invited talk at the conference uh , then this is what what would not appear in open air . uh , and uh , still you want to mention that . so for regular paper submissions , which have a conference presentation , i would not put them into this table . i would put here all the things that uh , are not associated with the paper . so the the sum of our dissemination activities will be this table plus the papers . so we 'll we 'll check the open air uh , thing and we 'll check how the the uses that um- it 's possible , i remember that in the past projects , such as in ( ? ? ) , you 've asked us for bibtech entries uh , of the papers . and i do n't know what you did with that as the coordinator ( ? ? ) then . ( i ) so so that was ( ideal ) because- okay , so i created the website from bibtech , which was okay . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) um , there was some style for ( ? ? ) . but then we had put into the eu system and and ended u- ended up my new process . ( b ) okay . ( i ) i 'd to conv- i converted bibtech into spreadsheet ago , somebody in the office type it in . she ( might ) stop all the checks names- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) and then somebody else so fixed all , so that was really about process . um , ideally , this open ( ira ) pure or whatever . it 's the way to go i just do n't fully know how it works . ( b ) yeah , so this for us . so tea , please make sure that we we do it , that we examine like what has to be done and we 'll let you know in a week or 2 uh , in what format we need your papers . uh , so the bibtech for me seems natural , but there is a big risk , that there will be this manual conversion necessary then on on our side . so maybe , if we figure out the official format better , then uh , we can ask you for the appropriate format right away , or possibly , if your universities have uh , a system , which already handles these papers , then it may get to open- i do n't really know what open air is . so uh , th- there is chance , that it goes there automatically from big research institution , such as universities . and then we need to check that everything got there . yeah , yeah , so this is this is an assignment for uh , for us . uh , okay , so uh , uh , for back to the deliverables . um , the uh , so we have reviewers for uh , everything except the project management guide initial and updates . and there uh , someone who is experienced with some management , but barry has already volunteered to do asr systems . so lets- ( c ) and maybe sebastian ? ( b ) so there is 2 deliverables uh , that- ( f ) sure , sure i can do it . ( b ) yeah ? so in that case- ( f ) then alfaview can do the nlp and- ( b ) exactly . ( f ) and i do the ( exciting ) management . ( b ) exactly , yes . yeah , thank you . so so who from alfaview ? would that be armin uh , to review the report on nlp technologies workshop ? ( a ) uh , might it would not be me , i guess it would some of our developers . uh , so i have to talk to ( ? ? ) . ( b ) it will be it it will be- that 's as i said , the workshop is for people not familiar with nlp . ( a ) oh , okay . um , yeah so well , if i 'm not have to be familiar with with that- ( b ) yes . ( a ) ( nlp ) i guess , i i 'm the right person . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) so yeah , yeah . i would do this , yeah . ( b ) yep . so great . so we have reviewers in the table written for all the deliverables . i 'm not going to open the overleafs now , but you have the overleaf links here and uh , all the main authors responsible sites know , what uh , what is the status uh , of each of these deliverables . remember , that we agreed to have them , essentially by the end of uh , this week or on monday . and that 's the that 's the time , where you should send it to uh , your re- reviewer of the deliverable . so that the reviewer has uh , 2 weeks to uh , to processes that uh , and then you have 1 week to incorporate the changes . and we need to submit all these deliverables uh , uh , at the latest on june , on the last of june . so i think , that we 're generally doing good . we- i know of that some of the deliverables have not- yeah , well , started yet . and there will negotiate with with the respective reviewer to to- we will buy some extra time for from them . uh , but uh , across the board , i think , that we are proceeding reasonably well . so if you have any questions , any any like problems with partners , not contributing to your deliverable , please , mention that . so that so that everybody is aware that uh , it 's not just the main author , but obviously all the participating sites , who have to contribute . but i think everybody knows their job and everybody is um , doing a great job , actually . uh , uh , so one thing , which is still not fully clear to me , is that this uh- we will write the report the the the 7.2 uh , uh , about all the preparations uh , and stating that the workshop has actually not taken place . but uh , uh , alexandru also said , that they are proposing a partial report for milestones because they are also associated milestones , um , uh , and uh , these milestones normally do not have report . so i 'm kind of confused , what what should we do here ? these are milestone for the events , which were postponed . uh , so uh , we will have to check and tea that 's again something for us to do . what exactly should we should we do for an event , which has a milestone , but the event has not taken uh , place . yep . the but the now at the same time , we received this information , that we leave that milestone . okay , that 's confusing . so we we 'll sort out . so uh , if you have missed that information . the new congress date is already uh , known . it luckily falls still within our project uh , and reasonably uh , within that . it 's from 30th of may to the 3rd of june 2021 . and the workshop itself will be on the 1st of uh , june . uh , so that 's that 's good . please , block these dates . and since you have so much time ahead , maybe you can consider planning at a visit to prague . it would be a good thing uh , anyway to uh , to see each other in in person . so yep . um , okay . then , the demo . that 's something , which kept us pretty busy and it 's still uh , keeps us a pretty busy . uh , despite all the problems and and the unfortunate postponing , that we had to do- ( c ) if we inform alexandru about the new date . ( b ) uh , so we do n't have the date . so i would like to ask chiara , what is the curr- and and also karlsruhe . what is the current status and and the newest messages about . ( f ) it seems like since yesterday afternoon we have permanent ( power ) again . ( b ) okay . ( f ) ( ? ? ) so successful . i 'm still waiting for the all-clear report and with a all uh , service have come up successfully again , some of the uh , file service , we are still doing file system checks , but it looks like we should be back to operation walls . ( b ) um-hum . that 's good . ( d ) wonderful . ( b ) yeah , that 's that 's that 's uh , that 's great , actually . so uh , we have also as you know , we have experience uh , power outages ourselves , and the everything is unstable . so uh , there is still the risk , that every- that something will will fail , but i think that it is now good time to uh , to ask for the uh , date , uh , for the new date with the project officer , right ? ( h ) i think so . i mean- ( b ) yeah . so so chiara , could you again please prepare a an internal pole ? so that we like uh , with with a large number of dates , that we reduce the number of dates , that we offer to the uh , project officer . and then , please , everybody filling this quickly . uh , so that we can hopefully email uh , the options to alexandru . uh , co- could you email him tomorrow ? with the options , obviously , not not the date choice . ( d ) uh , well , um , first , i would like to check the demo again and check that all these services are running uh . ( b ) um-hum . ( d ) um . ( b ) okay , so lets lets- ( d ) i would like- ( b ) yeah . ( d ) ( solution ) running before sending a new date . ( b ) it was- it it i know , that you have been in doing this even after the the postponed uh , dates and and sangeet is doing this regularly . ( d ) yes . ( b ) so so i think that e- everything is actually working , but yes , i i understand . so so lets do the internal pole , uh , and lets fill it uh , the internal pole during the end of this week . and then uh , on monday , or tuesday the latest , uh , lets have the dates um , um , ready the options , ready for alexandru . and lets give them the- uh , i 'm pushing this earlier as because like we are getting quite far into june , since there would be again some delay , 1 day until they decide , what they what they they would prefer . uh , so it seems like uh , uh , the best week for the demo would be if around the 15th like from in the 2nd half of june , essentially . ( d ) um-hum , yes . ( b ) right ? ( d ) i agree , i agree . ( b ) yeah . yeah , so that's- uh , if if we send uh , alexandru the options uh , very early next week , then uh , the choices validate from uh , the uh , 2nd half of june would make sense . so lets lets do that . yeah , so- ( d ) okay . ( b ) yep . so the demo will tentatively take place in in on 1 of the days um , uh , of the uh , in the 2nd half of june . uh , okay , uh , s- yeah s- so with the demo , there we have uh , had some very interesting experience ourselves uh , all of us uh , in the technical team . and uh , there are 2 messages , that i uh , like take from this . uh , so 1 of the messages is that we actually should have all our components replicated uh , at all other at at some other sides . so everybody uh , should uh , make sure that uh , for each of his workers , there is uh , another site , who can also run the same worker . uh , nd we have done this now for karlsruhe workers because there were uh , the the actual problems . uh , we are able if i 'm not mistaken , to run some of the uedin mt systems . uh , and what we have not done is to provide our systems to others , yet . uh , so the actually , o- our side is now the least the least safe for for this demo . and this is something , that uh , i would like uh , to ask sangeet to to do . barry proposed a dockerisation . we do n't really use docker our servers because of these pseudo access needs . uh , but we do uh , or other colleagues , not not me , uh , do it on some virtual machines . uh , so we 'll see uh , m- i was curious uh , yeah , uh , yeah . so barry has no experience . i was curious about this singularity . uh , that 's the rootless uh , uh , docker . uh , so uh- ( j ) we we do use docker that way . you do have to said , you 'd have to a route once to set the permission on the docker socket . ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) and make your user part of the docker group , but after that , you do n't need to run docker . ( b ) but then , you need still- ( j ) it 's still insecure in a way because the- ( b ) yeah . ( j ) the actual docker stuff is running as root . and and files , that the docker wr- writes back back to your ( ? ? ) system will be owned by root , uh , which can mean convenient . but in principle , you can run docker containers without root . ( i ) i i mean , we we and all ( ? ? ) and other projects some worker and we deliver mt system dockerized . we do n't ( ? ? ) exists were dockerizing systems , but we kind of know how to do it um- ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) it really seems a much better way to go , than than giving people my new instructs since sao some pieces sao ( fair ) . i mean , i i know dockers 're p- not perfect and sometimes you get a docker and you can get it to run , but if we gon na have have this this architects , we have all each different components to in different things . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) uh , really , it it's- it 's made for ( containerization ) . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) and the root thing should be something , that you can work around than me . and i i do n't know because registers we 've a run servers , but i 'm i 'm really surprised , that your it system are just like no docker . that 's not or- ( b ) well , no , there , they said , no docker on cluster . uh , so and they have like virtual machines uh , which then are okay for uh , running docker . ( i ) right . right , okay . ( b ) so there is- ( i ) ( ? ? ) docker plays nicely with the id approach machines because the you ( ? ? ) fire up , in many machine . ( b ) yep . ( i ) 1 to and just- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) you you yes , you kind a need a things dockerized otherwise , or some you need some components . ( b ) yeah , so we will so we will investigate what exactly can we do and we 'll try to package our systems and get back to barry and uh , and also felix for for this system . so the question , that i have here now is- because we have the asr systems for czech , that 's kaldi based . ( i ) um-hum . ( b ) we also have some some jasper based , but these are not integrated yet because of the missing segmentation . uh , and uh , um , we have marian , or tensor2tensor systems . and uh , i think , that it would make sense uh , if uh , if we made sure , that the asr systems could be run at karlsruhe and the translation systems in uedin . or would you propose any other uh , like back up partners ? ( i ) seems fine to us i mean . yeah , i suppose it would be easier for us some run marian and t2t . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) yeah . ( j ) yeah . ( g ) yeah , sounds reasonable to me as well . ( b ) yeah , okay . so we will try that . i 'm not sure if we - ( j ) 1 guestion ? ( b ) yeah ? ( k ) what this asr what is it should be used ? ( b ) um . ( k ) no , no , kaldi uses cpu . ( b ) yep . ( i ) but but they 're no running , i mean as a called back up , is n't it ? ( b ) this is a called back up , but it should be it like tested once , in case we need it . ( j ) should be able to run . ( b ) it should be able to run , yes . ( i ) well , yeah . you do n't you do n't need to ( ? ? ) gpu for these systems ( ? ? ) you 're asking . ( b ) yeah , yeah . only in emergency , but ek- as as dominik said , uh , and yeah , i also had that impression . kaldi is cpu based . on the other hand the punctuator is gpu based , right ? ( l ) uh , no , it it ( ? ? ) some some cpu . ( b ) and was it fast enough ? i remember we had some problems with this . ( l ) i think dominik ( ? ? ) fixed it . ( b ) okay , you said , that there was the like the old python virtual environment and everything got fixed when the virtual environment was recreated . ( l ) ye- yeah . ( b ) yeah , okay . ( l ) but it c- it can run on gpu , i think . on ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uh , okay . uh , s- uh , so and the punctuator , should we give it also to karlsruhe , or to someone else ? ( i ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uh , yeah , uh , if i 'm not mistaken . ( i ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) well . ( e ) uh , sorry guys , please- ( b ) um-hum ? ( e ) that of karlsruhe , we are um , we have the uh , virtual machine for kit services up and running . ( b ) um-hum . ( e ) if you if you mean um , space , or another virtual machine , or or whatever . the the only um , uh , open point for me is the uh , gpu configuration . ( b ) um-hum . ( e ) because actually , i i have to ask before , but our virtual machine , you know , with the- ( b ) with the gpu , yeah . ( e ) but please , remember , that of course , we are able to- ( b ) um-hum . ( e ) support you . ( b ) yeah . so we could we could give to to to spread it across the consortium , we could give the punctuator to pervoice . ( e ) ( i ) i mean i mean that 's that 's also the way to do it . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) just ( ? ? ) like a virtual machine image . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( i ) you just fire up , an- anyone can fire up , it 's not like you have to you have to call- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) like uedin , get them to run it . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) i i do n't know that 's easier , but i mean it it 's more more ( flexible ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah . i have n't since i have n't really done it , it 's uh , it 's hard for me to access , so we- ( i ) i know , i know . ( b ) you know . uh , okay , so that 's good , we know what to do . i do n't know whether we 'll manage to have these systems package before the demo , but hopefully uh , there wo n't be any power outage an our uh , at our site . ( i ) ( b ) so that was the 1 thing , that i 've learnt , that we must not uh , that that we must have uh , rep- replicated uh , components across the site . and the other very important message , that i 've learnt was that we must avoid updating the systems before the demo . so we should- the the way i 've put it is that we should have like a a production system and a development system , a complete setup . and the production system has to be stable without any new segmenters , any new updates for a long period of time . because the whole uh , pipeline is pretty complex and the interdepencies interdependencies are are very like uh , the the it 's it 's sensitive to to all the little details . so the performance can be immediately killed by introducing a better segmenter , uh , w- the caching of which is not in perfect line with caching of of the machine translation system . ( i ) yeah , i mean ondrej , you 're you 're basically asking again you 're asking for sort of more professional software setup . ( b ) yep . ( i ) really , you 're asking for a staging in a production and development- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) ranges this kind of thing . um , and again , as that 's also very compatible with things like ( ? ? ) with dockerization and- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) and thing the like . but you know , it it t- takes ( ? ? ) to run it , it doesn't- ( b ) yep . ( i ) yep , it does no ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . exactly . so uh , uh , so maybe , uh , uh , obviously , we are not a software company and uh , our resources for these are limited . so i i take all the excuses , that you will come up with to in order to avoid uh , this need . uh , to to put it in our terms or to put it in our setting , uh , is the main message , that i would like to ask all the partners to avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before the demo . and shortly means like week or 2 perhaps . so if you , so we had that we had this like a surge of activity , when people were really trying to help the demo . and aside from the the bomb and and power outage it karlsruhe , this also put the demo at very big risk . ( i ) um . ( b ) so may be you have not realized it , the demo postponed for other reasons , but by this this- last m- last day activities um , we could have uh , d- destroyed our- the demo ourselves . even without the the power outage . ( i ) see , we need to ( ? ? ) feature for use , basically . ( b ) yes , yes , exactly . ( i ) yes , yeah . ( b ) uh , so um , and at the same time uh , we we want to test the uh , the uh , components uh , better components because i know , that felix had something which could be very uh , very promising for the asr , right ? i do n't know what is the status of of that . felix , uh ? could you have some ? - ( j ) but you mean ( ? ? ) - ( b ) so i thought- so you 've mentioned uh , the that your submission to iwslt , or paper uh , paper to iwslt . uh . ( j ) uh , right now right now that 's text ( based ) , still that 's right now on- only for the for the mt side . ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) i i hope , we did n't that say 1 year update at the slt . but it 's future research . ( b ) okay . and what component is that ? is that uh , tec- translation of the uh , of like stream of wor- or ? ( j ) to to put it into a into the mediator terms , that would be unsegmented text to text in another language . ( b ) okay , yeah , yeah . and this works and has a better results . for in your ( machines ) . ( j ) i have not compared it- ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) directly against . this against our models , that 's something else i need to do . ( b ) yeah . ( j ) but uh , it it works . ( b ) and the current model , that you have- ( j ) i do n't know if it is better . ( b ) is is english to german . ( j ) german to english . ( b ) german to english . okay . ( j ) but i mean , it 's no problem to train it the other way around . ( b ) yeah . ( j ) but german to english 1st ( ? ? ) is translation is more interesting directly . ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) because that 's one way have we final to not ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( j ) with language . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . uh , so this is exactly a candidate for a thing , which if it work an if it was well integrated , it will be great to to demo it . but it also is a big risk uh , for for that set up . so so the way to- ( j ) that is not in this demo . i mean i i'm- ( b ) yep . ( j ) i ( ? ? ) that feel like that is not ready for this demo . ( b ) yeah . ( j ) this there is no worker that does this yet and- ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) the system is like tested under research conditions only . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . that 's that 's actually uh , it 's it 's uh it 's specifies me . because i always attempted to put the best features there , but if you 're saying , that this can not happen for the demo , then yes , there is less risk , that will break the demo with that . uh , so uh , what i wanted to say is that we are finally getting to that like kind of regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline , so that we are- when we are starting a pipeline . we have lockdirs , which record the outputs , including time stamps . we have since the iwslt uh , some evaluation . this is something , that has to be uh , like double-checked . whether we doing it uh , properly , or whether there 're bugs in the in the evaluation uh , implementation , uh , this all possible . um , but um , uh , and and we are also working on the elitr test set . which uh , will cover further language pairs and and setups than the iwslt shared task . um , and uh , i would uh , like to have this this ladder climbing approach finally starting . this ladder climbing needs that we 'll be regularly testing a new models and new components in the pipeline and putting all the results into one single table and that will tell us , what is our current best technology for this particular setup . and the fingerprinting uh , is is quite good uh , to separate uh , the versions of the modules . so that 's uh , my idea , that for the demo and other like important things . we would have frozen fingerprints and for the research , there would be also workers , which are not path parts of the path uh , of this frozen fingerprints , but which are uh , for testing . and we will be regularly running different setups , uh , and uh , the the frozen fingerprints would be then uh , the thing to demo . and for uh , the so and we would obviously move uh , like a research fingerprint to a to a frozen fingerprint , only when we are confident , that all the components are are stable and they play well together . so uh , so starting with this uh , big uh , the software engineering uh , request to properly separate diploid versions and and then the still like the the proper staging of of the systems . um , um , i 'm actually reducing it to the plan of having frozen fingerprints and research fingerprints . uh , and we need to come up with uh , some form of just a uh , having a ( consist ) list of this . so that we know , what is stable and and what is frozen . uh , yeah , so this is uh , so this this is uh , the the message , that i wanted to uh , to tell you . but at this point uh , i hope , that uh , uh , that sangeet is on top of this and that we know , which uh , fingerprint paths do we want to demo for the various um , input documents . uh , i 'm not going to discuss all that , we have a uh , a separate um , separate google doc . uh , now , since uh , a new date for the demo will be uh , found out . uh , i think we again should start these frequent sessions , where would test this . so uh , if chiara could uh , also propose uh , dates for uh , the dry run c- uh , calls for like demo uh , sessions uh , before the demo . te- te- test session before demo . uh , that would be great . ( d ) okay . ( b ) yep . and uh , uh , in these sessions , we would finalize the fingerprints . we already have the the documents , so sangeet has not uh , not filled this yet , but we are in . for some of the videos we actually have the correct transcripts uh , and even reference translations uh , for some . so this would allow us to directly evaluate , which systems are the best . obviously , this is like a uh , the th- over- overfitting , this is this is already uh , cheating uh , in terms of um , uh , like showing the real the real performance , but i think , that uh , we can do in the demo we can do for example the same video uh , presented twice . once with the like properly devset chosen uh , system and for the 2nd time uh , using the test uh , set chosen system , which is the the cheating . and uh , the uh , the reason to uh , uh , to do this uh , including w- with the knowledge of the reference transcript and reference uh , translations is to give the viewers and also ourselves uh , a chance to see the relation between the number in the score and the actually preserved quality . uh , so this is not a uh , not a r- scientific experiment . uh , and if we if we say that: \u201eyes , we have chosen the system , the particle configuration , which works best on this ( ? ? ) demo . '' it is not also cheating , it 's like we acknowledged that . so uh , please , let me know if you if you are opposed to this approach , but i think it 's uh , it 's better for everybody to to know , what is the- this is ( ? ? ) benchmark , how far can we get . this is not the not the not a proper evaluation , this is what is the best performance that we can deliver , uh , a kind of test . please , let me know , if you if you had any any problems with uh , with this goal . of presenting the videos uh , for example twice , once with the devset chosen system and 2nd time with this test set chosen system . yeah . so the main message is that we will have a number of demo uh , dry run sessions again and the date for the demo will be chosen uh , and uh , we will choose and freeze um , the the fingerprints for the demo . okay , so that was enough for the demo . and now barry uh , brought up uh , point , which is which is important . i 've mentioned that already in in the previous call if i 'm uh , not mistaken , but i know , that we have not maken uh , we have not made any steps to that . ( i ) ( b ) whether we want to make use of the covid crisis to get little time extension , uh , little or longer time extension uh , of the project . so i do n't know if barry is aware any date until we should make our uh , mind . ( i ) i have n't i well , i have n't been in a contact with a project office , but well , alex told me as that - ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) um , if we um , ask for an extension , i will be ( ? ? ) automatically . ( b ) okay . ( i ) um , we make it , the opportunity later . but maybe it 's not so automatic ? ( b ) okay . ( i ) but do n't quite understand that , so i 'm not sure with all of that , but i think , you you saying , you 've got an email from a project officer ? ( b ) yeah , that was awhile ago and and i have n't ( followed ) up on that , so . ( i ) yeah , yeah . yeah . so i mean that yeah , we should probably response ( ? ? ) later . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) and by now , all of us are kind of- i have to , i 've forgot , all of us are resembling our sort of in term figures . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) and we can see whether we 're understanding , cause that would be 1 argument for extending . ( b ) yep . ( i ) the deadline . but i also mentioned this other thing , which is n't really covid related , but- ( b ) yeah . ( i ) we f- we finish the project to december and writing deliverables in december is always- it 's not great , really . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) um , so giving a some month or 2- ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( i ) to to write the final deliverables- ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) this it 's really no harm , even if you know , we are not actually spending much money in that time . but that sort of using at for different purpose and covid related , but maybe it 's okay . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) yeah , we should n't we should n't tell it that way , we could just say- ( i ) um-hum . yeah , that 's ( ? ? ) . ( f ) i i would n't i would n't be again is like an extension for 3 months or so - ( b ) 3 months . ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay . lets lets take votes on that . ( f ) but but it ( ? ? ) of 1 1 thing uh , 1 year extension , i probably do n't see the purpose . ( i ) ( f ) what that - ( i ) yeah . ( f ) what that we can ( ? ? ) actually . ( i ) yeah , i understood that max ( ? ? ) 6 months . ( b ) yeah . ( i ) but i mean that the the consequences the deliverables are delayed , the final reviews are delayed and i assume , that means the final payment is delayed . ( b ) yeah , that 's possible . ( i ) the universities i should n't i imagine , there 's not a problem because universities begin after ( ? ? ) , but i 'm not sure . the ( ? ? ) partners might have a problem , more of a problem with that . ( b ) yeah , so that 's a question mainly for alfaview and pervoice . would would you help would it help you , or would it h- would it be bad for you to to ask for 2 or 3 months uh , of extension . ( d ) well , well , um , as developer uh , a little bit of delay uh , i will appreciate it , of course . ( b ) ( d ) but i have to ask regarding uh , you know , administrative things and so on . i do n't know . i have to ask dario . ( b ) yeah . okay , so lets uh , lets agree , that by mid next week uh , everybody should f- like fill this table . uh , by how many months would you like the project to be extended . you can also say 0. uh , and any reasons for that . uh , uh , and we will we 'll make a decision . uh , and let you all know 1st , whether you are fine with the decision . uh , yeah . it 's hard for me to plan like this much uh , ahead , so 2 or 3 months sounds good to me and that 's that 's it . so uh . yeah , so that 's that 's probably what what will be the final result , that we will ask for 2 or 3 months extension of the uh , of the project . and we should do it uh , in - yeah . until mid- yeah , lets say mid june . right ? okay , so uh s we will uh , decide uh , on june ( 8 ) and ask for the extension before uh , or what is too soon ( 10 ) . this is too soon and ask uh , before june 15th . right ? ( i ) um-hum . ( b ) so please , let us know . uh , okay , then uh , we should have a discussion , a technical call on the iwslt um , uh , results . and i think that uh , this can be uh , this can happen at the demo dry run sessions as well because this is all research partners there . so i think , i still have n't sent you the pdf . uh , i 'm not sure if dominik has uh , of the final results paper , which will be published at iwslt , obviously . um , so i 'll send you that . and this is for us to uh , make use of the iwslt shared task to choose the best systems , that we have at at hand and also to validate , whether we have screwed up the evaluation or whether it is uh , actually correct . uh , so uh , lets simply- yeah , review the methodology uh , uh , lets use one of the dry run uh , demos uh , sessions for this . ondrej will send uh , slt findings uh , findings pdf . yeah , okay . and then , i uh , i 've already talked at the beginning with sebastian about iws- uh , iwslt remote presentation . so uh , i i said , that dominik is alr- already starting to prepare slides uh , plus video , uh , as prerecorded presentation for the elitr system paper . so if you would like uh , to contribute to that , that 'll be obviously great . because you have contributed to the paper as well . uh , dominik , uh , are you planning to or do already have an overleaf for the slides , or not yet ? ( k ) not yet . ( b ) yeah . so please , send the overleaf link for the slides as as soon as you start with that . the deadline for the recorded uh , demo is alread- it 's the 17th of june and uh , the idea is that probably dominik will present uh , that uh , with s- like a s- screen sharing uh , recorded with uh , little not avatar , but dominik dominiks head himself in in the corner of of the slide . uh , and uh , we will also try to uh , include in this video uh , a demo of the of the system as it is , uh , live uh , subtitling some of the videos , that w- are planned for demo , for the p- for the project officer anyway . uh , so in one of these dry run session , we 'll also record what what we are delivering and we 'll include it in the uh , in the iwslt uh , presentation . so dominik will share overleaf uh , uh , anybody uh , welcome to contribute . dominik , do we know , that we need the contribution from uh , someone ? like that we do n't understand , what 's in the paper uh ? - ( k ) um , i i think it 's okay . ( b ) yeah . yeah , okay . so that 's seems like uh , we 're at the end of of the agenda . that will be great . so if you do n't have any other questions , or comments , then i think , everybody should now be uh , pretty busy with uh , write up of the deliverables . uh , and we 'll we 'll have call , so or like urgent calls if anything is uh , is wrong , but otherwise , i think w- we are doing good . uh , a number of doodle pools is to come uh , for the uh , for offering the slots to the project officer , for the demo and for the regular dry run sessions , where we will also sort out the technical uh , or discuss the technical uh , things , we 've learnt from iwslt submission . okay , so we 're great . ( d ) okay . ( b ) thanks to everybody . that was very uh , effective i 'm i 'm happy and lets lets proceed like that for the rest of the project . ( d ) ( i ) yeah , thank you . ( b ) thank you . bye , bye . ( h ) thank you , bye , bye . ( f ) thank you . ( d ) bye guys . ( c ) bye . ( d ) bye , bye . ( i ) bye . ( b ) bye .", "tgt": "iwslt remote presentations organization . discussion about the results: agreement on the pre-recorded presentation for the elitr system paper . one slot to present overall results . preparation of the slides + video: attempt to include the demo into the iwslt presentation . the postponed review: doodle with voting for a new date , possible to decide already now . the financial tables . the deadline from eu to finalize these numbers: 2 months . cuni can provide the final numbers at the earliest 2 weeks or 3 weeks after the respective month has ended . financial tables with may 's deadline need to be delivered for testing purposes . estimated numbers from alfaview missing due to problems with the avs side 's financial department: it will be resolved and sent as soon as possible . the final versions including june need to be prepared in mid-july . until the end of august it 's necessary to finalize the report . to choose a reviewer for nlp technologies: alfaview . a report and dissemination: written by alfaview , everybody to enter the dissemination activities into the reporting table , mainly scientific dissemination part , the workshop and nlp technologies . the workshop to refer to separate deliverable 7.2 : didn \u2019 t take place because of covid crisis , to describe only preparation . entering the elitr papers to the report: to enter only things not associated with the paper . a sum of dissemination activities: table plus the papers . papers: to choose the appropriate official form of the papers to prevent the necessity of manual conversions - bibtech sounds good . a reviewer for project management guide initial and updates: sebastian . submitting of the deliverables: on the last of june . to sort out what the milestones for the events , which have not taken place . a new congress date: the 30th of may to the 3rd of june 2021 , a workshop day the 1st of june . the demo . to prepare the options of a new date for the project officer: probably in the 2nd half of june . the necessity to have a worker runnable at another partner as a backup - to replicate components across the site . proposal of dockerisation: cuni needs to provide their setups to a backup site . to make sure that asr systems could be run in karlsruhe and translation systems in uedin . puctuator: cpu based to pv . to avoid doing any updates to their workers week or 2 before the demo . regular testing of the systems integrated into the pipeline: to put all the results into the table . a new model promising for the better as tested under research conditions only , a decision not to demo it . frozen fingerprints for the demo and research fingerprints for testing . a new date for the demo will be sorted out during the dry run sessions . a suggestion of presenting the videos twice: the devset chosen system and test set chosen system , somebody opposed ? a time extension of the project . 2 or 3 months probably . voting to mid the next week: to fill the table how many months and the reason for that . to decide until the 10th of june and to ask until the 15th of june . iwslt results . to review the methodology during the one of the dry run demo sessions . to send iwslt findings pdf to the partners ."}
{"src": "( s ) yeah . hi ondrej , so i 'm here . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . great , yep . ( s ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , i can hear you . so , uh , first of all how are you doing ? have you understood the the regulation that now applies to you ? ( s ) uh , yeah , i think so . i understand that i do not need to go outside except for work or buying groceries or medicines . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( s ) and no one necessarily walking outside . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah . so i was working on the karaoke and i did n't understand what exactly needs to be done here . so i have , uh , written here few , uh , a few of my doubts . ( o ) okay . ( s ) so , i 'll start with the first of them . so , okay , okay , okay . so , uh , i need to understand like what exactly , uh , the forced aligner does . so in the forced alignment review that input as adjacent file which has multiple adjacent objects during the duration of the audio path ( ? ? ) you know . that 's the test segment . ( o ) yeah , that is- , that is just like a file list . so the adjacent is essentially just a file list which tells tells you what all files should be processed . and it ( paralyses ) them as it as it likes . uh and , uh , for each of them you provide the text and it it will emit the words aligned to some positions in the time . so this is only like a batch procession of of a a large number of files . ( s ) ah , okay . so , uh , uh , am , so as far as i know the forced aligner it also does asrs . so are we deliberating the asr in any way ? ( o ) oh , uh , well in internally it uses asr because it searches- . it tries to process the input and then it finds in in the full ( ? ? ) of candidates where the words that we require are located . so we we do n't make the use of this asr ourselves . it is being used by the forced aligner . and that 's it . so we only want to see the time stamps . ( s ) i i am not sure if i understand that . like , uh , what does , uh , the how does the forced alignment uses the asr ? ( o ) uh , uh , it it processes the input sound . it creates like a lattice like a set of candidates and then in this set of- . so the good thing about this set of candidates is that it knows where the words were found . but it does n't know which words are the correct ones . ( s ) yeah , okay . ( o ) and , uh , by itself . uh , so if it 's only the normal asr it will then emit the most likely candidates from this set . but in the forced set up you are telling it pick this word pick this word pick this word and so on . so you are choosing path in the lattice but the lattice is all time stamped . and when you chose the path , you will know the time stamps at which these words occurred in the , in the , in the , in the speech . so that 's exactly how you obtain the alignments . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . so basically the times , the time stamps after each word that is done by the forced aligner . and yeah , okay , i start to get some sense out of it . ( o ) it 's as if if a human was doing , if a human was doing it . you would you would be like listening . if it was like a very slow pace , you would be writing down a time when you heard the word and as a human you would already get the single best path . you would understand it perfectly . uh , so then you would only like copy form your time stamped record the times to the , to the expected output . ( s ) yeah , okay , okay , i get it . ( o ) yeah , so what it , what it . the the karaoke- . the reason why we want to do this karaoke is that we want quick visual inspection of this word uh , uh , word aligned , or word time stamped transcripts . so imagine - . this is what i was just doing , uh , for the iwslt test set anonymisation . uh , i was doing only the text part , so i was , uh , like reading the transcript and whenever i saw like one of the names of the participants of the meeting i replaced that name with censored , with with some key word only . and now the next step is for daniel such\u00fd and he needs to find the appropriate position in in the recording and do the ( ? ? ) of that . ( s ) i get it , yeah . ( o ) and so if if he would be able to like scroll the movie which highlights the words then he would scroll the movie to the point where it shows censored and he would listen whether it 's the right position . and i also kind of needed this facility . it is essentially , uh , like a full text search within audio . so , uh , i also needed this because when reading the transcripts , i realised there were some errors . like some nonsensical sentences and i wanted to check , uh , whether the person has understood it the best way they could . uh , so i had to scroll the movie , the the sound and it was like jumping and then searching where i am- . ( o ) if by playing the movie a i would see in the text the word highlighted- . ( s ) yes , exactly . ( o ) that would be perfect . that would have saved a lot of time . ( s ) yeah , i get it . ( o ) so , so i think the . the most promising , uh , uh , approach is indeed the web based subtitles . so there is one more thing . imsc1 . i do n't have any- . i 'll i 'll paste the link to to chat window now . there is some render there . have a look at that . i 'm afraid that ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) is downloaded here , okay , so there is there is some- oh , the file is not found . so i 'm not sure if this works at all . but- . media in seconds . yeah . so this is some render of one of the formats of subtitles . yeah and it is xml based ttml playing ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so there is another important link that i found yesterday or the da day before yesterday and that 's , uh , the jungle of video streaming . and it also has , uh , a section on- oh , that 's already about subtitles , yeah , yeah , yeah . so there is the- . if you scroll like to the fifth of the document , uh , quite early . uh , from the monty python and the holy grail , uh , there is four , uh , four formats . so the burned into video , the open captions is what we want to achieve from something which is easier to produce for ourselves . so the ttml looks uh , uh , uh , like reasonable , that 's what the render , that 's what the render would be able to uh , to show . so yeah , this is a subtitle- . the idea is here- . so , there is - . the the oh so there is some diagram of different t , ttml profiles . that 's crazy . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) it 's really like have n't read it yet . so this is obvly obviously overly complicated . finally to bring some sense of the circus of profiles , yes . recent specification , yeah , uh , im , imsc1 which is a new recommendation . so this imsc1 is probably the best thing . specification- . and then fortunately - . and it , uh , consists of plain text but it can reference css for styling . ( o ) okay . ( o ) so in one of the demo queues - . start may be applied using simple mark up ( ? ? ) to appear at particular times . yes , so if you search for the word karaoke in this document you exactly get the- . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it 's in the section web vtt . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . so there is a specification . supports play out of web pge in a apple hls and mpeg dash . so web vt web vtt is the best thing . unified packager can convert srt ( ? ? ) ( s ) mhm . ( o ) when preparing content as intended for use on the web only , web vgt has deeper integration which will probably make it better suited than ttml . yes , so we should go for a web vtt . ( s ) okay . ( o ) by doing this , we are already preparing for , uh , like the , uh , the sessions , the remote conferencing for example . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) so if we know how to produce web vtt then , uh , it 's , uh , it will be useful , uh , useful later on . so this this imsc1 is probably more complicated than needed . i do n't know if there is any web vtt renderer . web vtt renderer . ( s ) so this karaoke will have the audio playing . i mean , uh , so like last week i chunked the audios , segmented the audios . so i need to , i need to concatenate all these audio segments- . i mean- . ( o ) so , so , so , what you , uh , you you are talking about the khan academy , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , exactly , i am . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so exactly , this is this is now needed . uh , so , well i would first debug the the karaoke viewer on the individual segments . so do it segment by segment . but then , after , uh , the karaoke , uh , preview is is ready , uh , concatenate all the segments back . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) or actually use the original the original file and concatenate the forced , uh , uh , the , uh , like time stamped , uh , captions . uh - . ( s ) okay . ( o ) with concatenating of the , uh , of of this of the transcripts , you need to shift the time stamps obviously . ( s ) shift . like what do you mean shift . ( o ) oh well , the problem is that in segment 1 time 0 means 0 but in segment 2 time 0 means something else . it 's at the end of , uh , segment 1 . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) the forced aligner runs always like from the beginning of the segment . ( s ) okay . ( o ) so the timing of the words is relative to big relative to the beginning of the segment . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . ( o ) but the beginnings of the segments like grow in time as as you proceed through , uh , through the recording . ( s ) aha . yeah i 've seen like i 've just i was just playing some of the audios and it would i do n't remember the word- . it was- . so the the audio is not properly captured inside that very audio segment . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and and it 's too little ( ? ? ) ( o ) so- ( s ) so so the time stamps stamps were not exact so that 's i i had to like , uh , you know play with the time stamps to get the actual audio captured . or to hear the audio actually captured . ( o ) yeah , so i 've played the set , the sequence of files that you have created the the simple karaoke . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and i 've heard that uh it 's uh uh like uh the word has been already said in on the previous word and only now the caption comes . so the captions are late . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( o ) and i think the reason is that , uh , the neural network , uh , takes some time to process it in a way . so it is confident about the word only after the word has been finished . ( s ) yeah , exactly . ( o ) and i think that we can live with this . so the karaoke will will show this to us . uh , and we could do some like a general little shift if we really like but i i think it 's safer to to stick to what network has provided us with . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , uh , uh , so , uh , there is two things the conversion of the output of forced aligner , which is the time stamped words . uh , into , uh , into the ka- ( s ) time stamped ( o ) into the karaoke , into the vtt . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay . ( o ) and and talk to ebrahim . so think- . ( s ) okay . ( o ) is there already a script that converts the output of forced aligner to ebrahim 's expected output ? which is the growing sentences . or not yet ? ( s ) yeah exactly . ( ? ? ) there is a script which ebrahim created but i was playing with it last night but it did n't seem to work out . ( o ) okay . ( s ) so i thought maybe it 's an issue with the karaoke corpus ( ? ? ) is not able to process . i i even tried with the demo corpus . that demo directory which is n the forced alignment directory . and it it perfectly but i even- . ( o ) aha . ( s ) but the other one in the directory does not work . with this ebrahim 's script so i i need to talk to ( ? ? ) ebrahim . ( o ) yes , please please talk to him and i think that format that his script provides . uh , which is the growing sentences is the ideal input format for , uh , for the web vtt view . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so uh , uh , we would be like gradually highlighting more and more of the sentence and then we would every now and then move to another subtitle and and again have the colour grow , uh . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so this is , uh , this is probably what we , what we want ot start with . so so you should first , uh , write these web vtt files manually just to see that it works . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) then play with them , like have them appear , have them , uh , have them work in your set up . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) and then create the script which converts the growing sentences of ebrahim into this web vtt for the for the life view of of for the preview of of these files . and then , uh , work on the concatenation of the khan academy , uh , transcripts , uh , so that the time stamps are properly shifted and then , uh , yeah , yeah . ( s ) okay , i just need to write it . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so the first step will be to convert the- . i need to convert the subtitles into web vtt- . ( o ) yeah , so learn how how to write the web vtt so that it highlight the beginning of the the first half of the subtitle and that you can grow the highlighted part in time . ( s ) okay , alright , alright . ( o ) then apply it on one of the segments and test that it works . and then apply it on the concatenated segments and test it against the original full non-split asr . uh , non-split sound file . ( s ) so i i 'm still like confused . so first i the the karaoke , in karaoke so so the the audio that play in the background it will have uh- . no the audio playing in the background in karaoke it will be the original audio with , uh , with the audio segment . ( o ) yes . ( s ) okay , and the the subtitles . the , the , sorry , the the transcripts will be the original transcripts not from the forced aligner . ( o ) uh , from the forced aligner . those- . so the original - . when you say original transcript , uh , you mean the manually revised files which we called ost , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so the ost files contain only one sentence per line . ( s ) aha , okay . ( o ) and no time stamps so there is no way to display them . we need to move from ost to something which we call ostt . so that 's original sound transcript transcribed . sorry sorry transcript time stamped . so the tt the second t is for time stamped , uh , and that is the format which has time stamps and the same line is like repeated and it 's growing . in the same way as you , uh , know it from , uh , from the asr outputs . ( s ) and in order to get this ostt i will use ebrahim 's sript . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( s ) okay , alright alright . so it will ahve the audio playing in the background and these ostt uh- . ( o ) yeah , so i will i will try to figer out , f find one video which displays the- . ( s ) yeah exactly and- . ( o ) yeah so this is like ( ? ? ) so no one is singing . yeah , i 'm searching - . yeah , so here is one sample youtube video where no-one sings . but if you wanted to sing like elvis presley , uh , you would you sing at the point when the word is , is being highlighted . ( s ) alright , yeah , yeah , yeah , i get it . yeah , yeah . i was - . okay , so- . i understand it better and it 's more clear . one issue is that- . i saw at first , in after the forced alignment , after every , uh . i mean so the forced aligner loses a few first words in the transcript . ( o ) oh , okay . ( s ) i 'm not sure why . ( o ) that 's bad . so talk to petr polak about this . so i know that he has added something which ensures that , uh , uh , the for that his asr processes full words . because if you if you cut sound in the middle of the word it happily tries to like recover from that and it will recover this half word into a full word . so his search is for like a chunk , he he removes the head and tail so that he is confident that he has full words . but for the forced aligner we should not use this feature . so talk to him of what is the proper way of , mhm , of using this forced aligner so that it does n't chop out the the words . ( s ) okay . ( o ) if it 's something more complex . if he does not have this chopping off end , head and tail , then , well we 're we 're screwed . there is not- . there is nothing we can do about it . ( s ) so actually it does not happen in like all of the chunks but like in some- . okay so it 's be better if i show you here . ( o ) mhm ( s ) and i will start the- so uh can can you see this ? ( o ) yeah . it said that you started- . yes i see something . but it 's pretty small . ( s ) yeah , exactly . and i i okay . ( o ) so maybe just control + should increase the font size . ( s ) like this ? ( o ) yes , it takes a while until it updates . uh , so yes this is this readable . and i can see line number 2 , line number 1 is still , uh , like obsured by your your window and my window . oh no i can mo move it , okay . i can not move myself , so , uh , - ( s ) so yeah , even second segment is good . so you can see the segment . it starts from a.v.e- . ( o ) f- . ( s ) yeah , but it is about the second segment . but if you want this- . i would like to show you this- . ( o ) this is , this is `` have '' this should be `` have '' . ( s ) i i i exactly so . the sentence is- . the sentence is: `` do i have to '' ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so even `` do i ? '' ( s ) so it completely , so it completely missed this uh `` do i- '' . ( o ) mhm . yeah . so talk to petr polak . i have no idea what , why this could be happening . send him these two files , the input file and the output file . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) just actually send him the path name of that , uh , of this adjacent files but copy paste that these two lines into the into the email right away . ( s ) yeah , exactly , exactly . so , yeah ( ? ? ) talked about this . okay , so the last question is about an email which you sent a few days ago or probably last week . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) so you talked about the alphabets in forced alignments and there was this configuration file ( ? ? ) . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and at the bottom point it w it had a list of letters which forced alignment accepts . so it was- . if i properly understand what this means is that forced alignment can only accept a lower case letters , no punctuations and no upper case letters . is that is that ? ( o ) yes , yeah . ( s ) alright . ( o ) so- . ( s ) yeah , yeah , okay , yeah . say . ( o ) but beware i think that the czech model accepts only upper case . so it 's like - . that 's very much configuration dependant . ( s ) aha , okay . ( o ) so , so have a look at the- . for now you need only english forced aligner . so for now focus on the english . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and there is- . i think it accepts apostrophe as well- uh , uh , but not new lines obviously and not , uh , not numbers so there- . so we need to do some trick with numbers , uh , so the numbers should be actually spelled out . ( s ) mhm mhm . ( o ) there are not too many numbers but there are some in the , uh , in the transcripts . ( s ) like what you mean of- . ( o ) like 2020 . ( s ) 2 0 in yeah in numbers . ( o ) so if you have 2020 then in the transcript like as one word , like 4 characters 2 0 2 0. then it should be spelled out in some way in which it was spelled out . in the , uh , in the text . so that 's uh- . well this is annoying , uh , well we 'll see how far we get with this , like- . petr polak will know how to convert numbers to the spoken versions of them , because he also had to do it guess . so talk to him about this as well . ( s ) okay . okay , i 'll talk to him . ( o ) for czech , jon\u00e1\u0161 surely has a script that does that . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) obviously the person , the person could have said the number differently , uh , and then we are screwed . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) but yeah . this is not so likely . ( s ) so you you mean these numbers are not acceptable in the forced aligner . ( o ) the forced aligner , uh , oh , uh , yeah , it 's just yeah- . it just , it just does n't work . it excess it expects the the letters that corresponds to the , uh , to the like vowels and consonants of the to the phonemes in the in the speech . and if the letters are the the digit 2 then there uh , uh , is no clear correspondence to phonemes . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . okay . yeah so it all- . so basically i need to refer to the configuration files . yeah , okay . and that is all that i have written down . and i will start working on this karaoke , then i will discuss with ebrahim and then i i will start working on the log . to get the log directories for the , uh , uh , for the meeting for the last conference . and i - . ( o ) yeah , for the mock conference , great . yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah , for the mock conference . ( o ) and when i , when i talked about the getting the versions of the systems . uh , this is something which can be tested on anything , including the mock conferences obviously . so uh- ( s ) version of the system , like what do you mean . ( o ) so like in the log dir we need to know which version of the edinburgh system was in use . ( s ) okay , alright . ( o ) this was , this was mentioned in the call , uh , this morning . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . i understand , yeah . ( o ) so this is , this also an opportunity to , to like work on that , on gathering that information . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay . and these log directories- . so basically , uh , we had like , i do n't know what we had appro , we had like 6 channel being spoken in this . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so this- . these audio recordings have 6 channel so i need to separate each of them out and do the asr . ( s ) they are already separated . ( o ) oh , well the record cut script work for them . so maybe they are already separate files . ( s ) yeah , exactly . ( o ) or the record cut script , yeah . ( s ) okay , so by ( ? ? ) preparing ( ? ? ) you mean generating the asr and generating the mnts , right ? ( o ) yeah . ( s ) time stamped . ( o ) yes , so for for now you need to do it for each of the channels separately . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) and you can do it one by one . you do not have to do it at the same time . ( s ) yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) the good thing about these channels is that they start at very same- . they are synchronised . ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so they start at the time 0 and that 's perfect . uh , so , uh that means that we can then observe all the many different english versions and the time stamps will will match . so we would be like playing for ourselves the different english versions simultaneously and trying to figure out which of them is the best at the given moment . so we should like- . so when you prepare these log dirs we should then run a test session with annotators including ourselves and , uh , figuring out at what time stamps- . at what stamps of time we prefer this english at what times do we prepare this one . so like time based labelling which of the english streams is good . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) and then , uh , after we figure out how to do it ourselves , we can consider what should be the user interface for anybody , like a non-skilled person . and whether the task as such is is doable at all . or whether it is too much load on the on the human brain . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay , okay . and that 's - . like so suppose the main audios the main speaker in , is speaking in french . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and we have the interpretation , interpreter in czech . ( o ) yes . ( s ) so i need to get the english mt , from the , uh , from the czech interpreter . ( o ) yes . ( s ) otherwise english mt from the french asr . ( o ) uh . yes , if we have system for that , yes . ( s ) and then we need to check which english is better . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( s ) is that , is that what you are talking about . right ? ( o ) yes , exactly . yeah . ( s ) okay , alright , alright , alright , alright . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) okay , like okay , is it 's it 's clear now . ( ? ? ) ( o ) so i 'm afraid that the pexip room will , is booked for 2 minutes more only and then it will possibly close . ( s ) okay , okay , yeah , i i i i 'm i 'm done i 'm done . ( ? ? ) yeah , okay , okay . so thank you for your time again and yeah- . and have a great- . ( o ) great , thanks . i 'll be in the office in the afternoon from like 3 , 4ish till , uh , probably 7 or 8. uh , uh , today . but but you do n't have to come . ( s ) ( ? ? ) department ? ( o ) yeah , well on foot it 's it 's not far from , far away from me , for me so it 's it 's a nice exercise . ( s ) okay , alright . yeah . so , yeah , okay , so , uh . let 's , let 's yeah , let 's speak . ( o ) yeah but you do n't have to , you do n't have to come there in person at at all . ( s ) okay , okay . yeah , yeah . thank you then . ( o ) great , thanks . and and talk to you . we 'll be in touch . thank you . ( s ) yeah , sure . okay . bye . ( o ) bye , bye . thanks . ( s ) bye , bye , bye .", "tgt": "convert forced aligner time stamped output into karaoke . source data is manually revised ostt files in growing sentences format . create manually vtt format files and test them thoroughly on individual and concatenated files . write the script that converts growing sentences into the web vtt for the live view of the files . in preparation for the remote video conferencing . work on concatenation of khan academy transcripts to assure that the time stamps are properly shifted . beginnings of the segments grow in time through the recording . forced aligner always runs from the beginning of the segment and the timing of words is relative to the beginning of the segment . mock conference data gathering , file and system versioning and log directories creation . separate the conference input channels and create asr and mnts outputs current obstacles and challenges: some words are not properly captured by the forced aligner in the audio segments and are missed off , due to word timing not being exact . the neural network needs some time to process the words . possible workaround available with a colleague \u2019 s asr processing tool . beware of letters and signs that forced aligner accepts and for what language . primary focus on english . forced aligner does not accept numbers - need to find a converter to the spell out version of number characters . use web vtt format as imsc1 deemed overly complicated , even though imsc1 specification is a recommendation . selected approach of web based subtitling in the aim for open caption video format . enable the efficient visual verification of the aligned words in time stamped transcript . facilitate the full text search within audio in order to resourcefully use the time when searching for errors . devise a live web based vtt tool in preparation for remote conferencing in the future . create time based labelling of selected language streams and explore an opportunity to devise a non-skilled user interface . explanation given to the forced aligner functionality: as a batch processing of large number of adjacent text files where it emits required words aligned to some position in time . source data for the forced aligner is the time stamped asr and the required words are user defined ."}
{"src": "( o ) the- to the document , to live document . ( o ) should i share the screen ? ( o ) i suggest not to share it , because that- ( o ) oh , i 'm streaming my face already . ( o ) so , that is the screen will be actually less- less demanding on the screen- ( o ) it will be less demanding on the network . . ( o ) okay ? ( o ) so we have started recording . ( o ) the first item on the list is to just mention that we have successfully delivered the delivery rules that we were expected to deliver . ( o ) to deliver- there was two on ethics and two on the website . ( o ) these deliver rules , especially the internal website this is for us . ( o ) so if you are failing to find some information on the project . ( o ) obviously , you can ask us whenever you like but you can also just remember where the internal website ( ? ? ) is and then look it up there . ( o ) and that will give you a brief overview of- of that . ( o ) yeah , uh , with for listed this publicity achieved the- the thing . ( o ) just to make everybody aware of the du collecting where we have presented our work . ( o ) and- if you have done something , please add yourself . ( o ) there is the- ec workshop in luxembourg . ( o ) barry and phill are going and if i 'm not mistaken- ( o ) ivana kvapil\u00edkov\u00e1- ( o ) as a substitute for ond\u0159ej is going- ( o ) if this is the ec- ( o ) sorry . ( o ) if this is the ec workshop by- organized by holger schwenk . ( o ) i was asked to- yes . ( o ) so we have- we have a- ( o ) so this is this is the important bit . ( o ) everyone please enter these activities into this google sheet . ( o ) and i hope it will actually open . ( o ) this is the numbers that we will be entering into the official portal . ( o ) what were we are also under ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and this is for us to have an overview , and also for to see our spending . ( o ) and the impact , specify the estimatated number of persons to reached . ( o ) i do not know where they use these- ( o ) what 're they use these numbers for . ( o ) but it just good to have a record of what- what have been done . ( o ) so if you go anywhere . ( o ) if you bought something somewhere , check this spreadsheet , and uh , if it is possible please add the item as well . ( o ) so we have been at the fair of student firms , and thanks again to karlsruhe and to pervoice for coming in person as well . ( o ) and the- the result of this is obviously the pub- the little publicity , the little news item or blog- short blog that we have on our elitr website now and the video in preparation . ( o ) so we have- ( o ) we have also recorded some short movie and we are now editing it and will post it . ( o ) so this will be like one more opportunity to- . ( o ) to maybe , to ( ? ? ) about that . ( o ) so this if for alfa view . ( o ) who are managing the the presence . . ( o ) and i feel that we are doing some things without telling the alfa view . ( o ) so the alfa view can not really do the- do the broadcasting and the attack of social networks . ( o ) so everybody , please , do n't repeat this error and let alfa view know so that the media is full of us . ( o ) another such opportunity , halfway missed opportunity is this conference of the interpreters director general , the g interpretation or scic in brussels . ( o ) i was there . ( o ) two weeks ago , i do n't know . ( o ) it's- it has been recorded , and it is- you can even look at what i was saying . ( o ) i used the elitr slide , so there was clear promotion , someone told me that they saw me on twitter . ( o ) i 'm not following twitter at all . ( o ) so maybe , knowledge people will know how to look this up . ( o ) and this was an opportunity to retreat . ( o ) so maybe we could still retreated now because the video is available . ( o ) and i find it interesting for our purposes ( ? ? ) speak english . ( o ) and it is you can also select the german channel . ( o ) so i can listen to myself speaking german . ( o ) so this is- i 'm telling this not because of my speech . ( o ) but because of the various conferences that are signitadly interpreted . ( o ) and and this would be an interesting data source for , especially the work package on the spoken language translation that embra is overseeing . ( o ) so just keep that in mind . ( o ) that there is such a resource , what is missing is the transcripts , but with the asr quality surprising humans , i think the transcript should be readily available with the only very few errors in year from now , also thanks to our contributions . ( o ) hopefully . ( o ) so this is a valuable type of data source , ok ? ( o ) then there will be the workshop , do you know the date ? ( o ) can someone add the date ? ( o ) it will be some may- ( p ) june the 20th ? ( o ) june ? ( p ) yeah . ( o ) june . ( o ) june twentieth . ( o ) so just before uh our uh , dry run the- the wg vat . ( o ) so which is working group on value added tax . ( o ) finally , that 's it for that workshop abbreviation . ( o ) so if you have anything else , please add it or please let us know . ( o ) yep . ( o ) then another thing that we have achieved is paper submissions , so well . ( o ) i already read below in the list that there is actually a paper accepted to tackle bike it . ( o ) so we have only submissions , not not accepted papers , and too much less important venue speech in dialogue . ( o ) one of them is a micro review of minuting . ( o ) and another one is on the little speech test , on the little speech corpus that we collected at the- the student fair . ( o ) and this can serve as the test corpus for various- ( o ) for english asr for non-natives . ( o ) so if you have any other papers , please mention them here . ( o ) later on , when we come to the official reporting we will obviously need all the details and all the papers . ( o ) but this is just quick preview of what- what is happening . ( o ) then the milestones . ( o ) we know about the delayed milestone on recording in alfa view platform . ( o ) officially- check with the po and he said it 's ok if this is delayed , thank you for the explanation . ( o ) it was important for me to deliver the explanation . ( o ) about the goal language and- and our lack of that in the rest of the team . ( o ) and he said , just tick it off when you are done . ( o ) so i would like to know from alfa view what is the status of this milestone now . ( f ) ok , this is done so far , we have uh , working prototype online . ( f ) i think we invited you to have look . ( f ) you can take a look anytime . ( o ) oh . ( o ) i missed that . ( f ) yeah . ( f ) so- ( o ) can you , if there is some url , could you paste the url here ? ( f ) yeah , this would lead you into- into our conferencing client . ( f ) so you from must make sure you have alfa view installed first . ( o ) ok , so that would not work- ( f ) and then you are inside the client . ( f ) there is two limitations basically . ( f ) as a guest , which- which you are when you join with the link provided , um , it will only react to english , because that is predefined for guests . ( f ) and then there are only two workers available , right . ( f ) so only two simultaneous audience streams can be processed on the far side . ( f ) so that's- that 's the current status , it is working . ( f ) the only thing that is not working reliable or reliably is that the audio is actually being picked up by worker . ( f ) by , you know , this is a piece of software that is , you know , part of this whole , um the voice system . ( f ) and they on currently , not fully reliable , reliably picking up the audio stream that is something we have no influence to . ( f ) and , yeah . ( f ) we will have to wait until per voice , or i do not even know who is responsible to continue working on that . ( f ) so from our perspective , we 're done so far . ( f ) we 've wrapped , um , the api connector into uh , into the goal programming language . ( f ) and we can now transfer all to you . ( f ) and basically the recording can now be done on per voice side . ( o ) ok . ( o ) so this is the set up that we wanted . ( o ) that's- that 's very good . ( o ) so i think that i should tick the uh , tick the uh , milestone checkbooks . ( o ) it is in the system now , because in principle , it works . ( o ) but it is not reliable . ( o ) and the lack of reliability is like a package loss , so network- traffic , so that paket get lost , or the way to mode this . ( f ) that is- that is an unclear . ( f ) i must say that the developer that is actually working on this part is now on vacation . ( f ) um , so all i have left is his comments on the- on the start , as he did not comment on what exactly is the issue here , or what he thinks the issue . ( f ) i just have the working program . ( f ) i can even screenshot , if you want to . ( f ) and then i can see and show you the- the output of the um franz side . ( f ) but i do not think it is necessary , right . ( f ) you can- you can test this out yourselves and i will provide the link . ( o ) so- ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( p ) the issue lead into the worker . ( p ) do you mean something related to the worker processing the ( ? ? ) you sending or- . ( f ) i think exactly , that is the problem . ( f ) yeah . ( p ) and you can provide the information about the worker you 're using , i mean the fingerprint you using . ( p ) we can interact with the provider of the worker , ok ? ( f ) okay , yeah , uh , we do that afterwards , i guess or- ( f ) yeah . ( o ) so i wo n't tick it off yet . ( o ) i will wait for the detailed answer from- from your colleague , who is now on vacation . ( o ) and i 'm sure that you will find way in the like a week or two so this- this should be easy to handle . ( o ) what was not very clear to me is the limitation because of the workers . ( o ) so there has to be as many english channel processing workers- ( o ) i have ( ? ? ) . ( o ) as many participants join the room , or how does it work in practice . ( o ) so if we want to record our session right now , there two , four , like ten of us here . ( o ) i ca n't hear at all . ( o ) so there is a drop off . ( o ) i probably stop my camera , just to stop that right now . ( o ) there is like ten more bugs . ( o ) i will stop my screensharing just to save the network bandwidth . ( o ) so maybe there is an issue with- with the network because i have to be on wi-fi unfortunately . ( f ) so maybe , maybe i can ( ? ? ) my impression . ( o ) and also , there is probably someone who is ecoing the ( ? ? ) ( o ) someone is using loudspeakers . ( o ) so if you are using- using loudspeakers peace mute yourself at the same time , unless you are talking , obviously . ( o ) so franz can you , eh , can you talk now ? ( f ) yes . ( f ) so what i think the problem is all the limitation is if you have two workers , but can receive or process audio at the same time . ( f ) you might end up um with no- no worker available . ( f ) if there is multiple person 's speaking at the same time , or having an like like , a heated discussion . ( f ) then i would , then i would say , '' you would need more like four workers to be available , because after you stopped speaking . ( f ) this worker stays assigned to your audio stream for probably probably like five seconds . ( f ) so this is then reserved , and someone else starts talking and another worker has to jump in and pick up this audio . ( f ) so far what i understood . ( f ) i might be wrong . ( f ) but that is what , what i 'm ( ? ? ) so far . ( p ) it 's correct , do you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( f ) yeah . ( p ) we usually stopped at least five to ten session per workers on our side per language . ( p ) you know to be able to handle multiple concurent stream . ( p ) so , if you wanna- ( p ) if you need more than two , we have to check with katie , how many workers they can start on the- ( p ) and to connect to the media to , you know , to make available more simultaneous channels . ( o ) so this is important for- . ( o ) sorry to interrupt , i 'll wait . ( fe ) yeah , felix from kit here . ( fe ) ( ? ? ) is also here . ( fe ) so we currently do have to work as running or as i interfere . ( fe ) we ca n't scale this up . ( fe ) but we do have other obligations that we need the processing power for , such as the european parliament . ( o ) yeah . ( fe ) you do n't have these workers on multiplying . ( fe ) for these meetings so we can scale up the services to have more copies and have more workers . ( o ) i think it 's totally- ( o ) yeah , i think it is totally ok for the testing to have just the two workers . ( o ) so , it would be- ( o ) will be testing it with one person speaking only . ( o ) so this should work well . ( o ) what we need more for the project purposes and for the session to be running alfa view would be the recording client . ( o ) and if i 'm understand correctly was the recording clients- ( o ) it would be the same thing . ( o ) so that each utterance , whoever says , it will be picked up by one of the recording clients or would be different . ( p ) each- ( p ) it is a each stream it 's each channel . ( p ) each channel- ( p ) ( ? ? ) difference . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( o ) so that 's different , so the asr workers are like jumping on the streams , and there is so far no language diarization so that the workers do not know a day all assume that only english will be spoken for now . ( o ) this made later change for the real test case was alfa view doing the remote meeting so that when the person logs in they would say , i will be only speaking german , or i will be spoke- speaking german or english . ( o ) and then the workers- we should like figure out how much we support this . ( o ) i think it is totally fine for uh , for the presentation purposes to say that a person , when a person connects to the alfa view , they , have to say their language , and it will limit the workers to the language for that . ( o ) it will limit workers for the language . ( o ) for- ( o ) so the workers for asr are jumping on the channels as they start producing signal . ( o ) and they leave the channel after five seconds of silence . ( o ) and for the recording purpose is different . ( o ) it is every channel gets recording worker . ( o ) so we need to have just as many recording clients , as there will be participants connecting to the to the room . ( o ) and this is something that can per voice easily set this up or can anybody set this up and connect to the same mediator . ( o ) so this was a question for per voice probably . ( o ) if we like- ( o ) i 'm checking when should- ( o ) when should be the next call of elitr what needs to be set up . ( o ) so that we actually run the elitr call in the alfa view platform and we have the separate channels recorded . ( o ) so what needs to be done for this- for this purpose . ( p ) ondrej , are you asking per voice or alfa view . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) i think to per voice , because alfa view , as far as i would say , are probably done as , like except for the uh , low reliability , but that maybe also does not affect the recording workers . ( p ) because in fact as part of the ( ? ? ) simple connector the is also the- audio recorder client- ( p ) the audio recorder worker . ( p ) so it is a matter of launching of running the audio recorder . ( p ) we will soon fingerprint and been to run the alfa view integration with- ( p ) that fingerprint to also add the recorder to the- to the chain . ( f ) ok . ( o ) yeah , well . ( o ) what- but nevermind ( f ) that is- ( f ) that is basically the same process as we did with the um- ( f ) the the transcription of worker . ( f ) for the-for the recording worker , did i understand that correctly ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) is to set up the recording workers . ( p ) you just have to run the recorder client . ( p ) it 's worker . ( p ) adds the recording feature to the- to the engine for the- ( f ) ok . ( f ) that is important information . ( f ) i think that was not clear up until now . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( o ) so anyway , i think we are on very good track . ( o ) and this will be resolved soon . ( o ) so please let me know when i should finally tick off this box , and essentially a dry run call in alfa view platform with the recording capacity and recording correctly collected has to be carried our for me to tick this off . ( o ) so this- this is more important for the milestone , the recording than the asr . ( o ) the asr is also needed to on . ( o ) so it is great that you have done that . ( o ) uh , but the recording , it is the thing that the most on check if i 'm not mistaken . ( f ) okay . ( o ) ok so thank you . ( o ) let me know again . ( o ) share my screen hopefully this will work ( o ) and- yeah . ( o ) so there is the upcoming deliverables and milestones . ( o ) there is deliverables timeline , a sheet that is the another deliverables dmps . ( o ) so this it the upcoming deliverables . ( o ) so everybody please have a look at this and keep regular looking at this , so that you know what is coming . ( o ) and here in columns . ( o ) in columns o and others there- . ( o ) we- we would like to see who are the authors of this , who are expected to write each deliverable and also his volunteer to review those . ( o ) all the upcoming deliverables are by the end of june , uh . ( o ) so there is still a a quite a lot of time . ( o ) but it is is good to know about them and start writing them early . ( o ) we need to deliver them by this date so- ( o ) and remember there is this wg vat workshop so we will be very busy at the end of june . ( o ) so i think that internally . ( o ) we should aim and having this deliverables written ideally , by the end of may . ( o ) so that the review- ( o ) so that the internal review can start . ( o ) so i think this is actually a month earlier . ( o ) and that should give us enough time and have june relatively peaceful . ( t ) also please ( ? ? ) the column m. ( t ) so there is the word package leader . ( t ) so like the last three columns need just fill it in . ( o ) so the upcoming deliverables are - one of them is on initiall training data separating confidential and public version of that data . ( o ) this is that something that edinburgh is , would be putting together . ( o ) obviously , everybody will be contributing . ( o ) i just wanted to comment that either this deliverable or the data management plan , which is the eight point three . ( o ) they should mention the elitr testsuits that we created for this wmt and also the antrecorp , which is the speech test corpus with the high school students . ( o ) so this is just so that we do n't forget those . ( o ) so the data management plan . ( o ) is something that i just wanted to briefly mention . ( o ) it is any type of data that is being collected for research purposes . ( o ) and also just being use from from other sources should be mentioned here . ( o ) this is to give an overview to the commission , what we are using , what type of resources are using , because data are important for others to follow us and so on . ( o ) so this is something that will be putting together . ( o ) but if you are using some data resources for training your asr system , and all that these details would be nice to- to be aggregated here . ( o ) we 'll set up some form of template and we will fill that in and then we will see into what detail we go in general , we will be mentioning our corpus ( ? ? ) and edinburgh will be surely mentioning simply the wmt training data and all that , but the- the- ( o ) yeah . ( o ) we need to put this together in one way or another . ( o ) and an other important deliverable is the periodic activity in finance reports . ( o ) so this is again on us , but we will need input from everybody . ( o ) and see also the administrative topics mentioned at the end of this document . ( o ) so this would be essentially the time sheets and your spending that we need to report in that- in that document . ( o ) and this is the last deliverable is again on ethics . ( o ) so far , we have not heard any complains about our handling of ethics . ( o ) so our constant forms did not receive any negative feedback . ( o ) so will just write it down . ( o ) the only type of like negative feedback was that people did not agree with being recorded or providing the data , and that 's totally ok . ( o ) but in principle , it seems that we procedures as it 's expected . ( o ) and we also have upcoming milestones . ( o ) again , at the end of june , one of them is the first spoken language translation prototype by edinburgh . ( o ) and here i just wanted to mention that i could obtain interpreting data without transcripts from lists mock conference by students . ( o ) so the key question is whether we want interpreted data as a test set or not . ( o ) we do not have to answer this question now . ( o ) but it is- it is something that should be considered for the spoken language translation . ( o ) one thing i wanted to mention seeing for the first time , the- the live in interpreting . ( o ) i realize that there is so much more content beyond words , that is actually being translated . ( o ) so the interpreters are kind of reporting on the general mood in the room as well with their voice characteristics . ( o ) and sometimes they are mediating the negotiation like pacifying the- the disagreeing parties , and sometimes they are not depends on- on the order or the customer asked for . ( o ) so there is a lot more to interpreting than just translating transcribe speech . ( o ) and this is important to realize and this also open space for uh , for future experiments . ( o ) so in the long-term like ten years from now we should be thinking about training neuro ( mt ) systems synthesizing speech , so that even these voice qualities are transferred someway . ( o ) that is why it is interesting to look at these data sets . ( o ) so this is just the one remarkable the- the usefulness of that word packages . ( o ) spoken language translation can extend way beyond just integrating asr and ( mt ) into one piece of software . ( o ) yeah , so that is the- that 's the milestones on first language spoken language translation prototype . ( o ) and another milestone is baseline mt models for eurosai congress . ( o ) and the this will require the data that edinburgh have already collected . ( o ) and we have started multilingual multi-target training systems , and dominic will work on these many system after wmt has ended which is essentially now . ( o ) so only edinburgh and we have to really worry about the milestones . ( o ) but otherwise we are a relatively early , in- in good standing . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) if there is no comments to this then- ( fe ) sorry i- ondrej ? ( o ) yep . ( fe ) so we had our the baseline mt model for eurosai congress . ( fe ) um . ( o ) yeah . ( fe ) ( ? ? ) about , that means that- ( o ) so exactly- ( fe ) - per voices ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think- i forgot the- let me , well , where is my print out . ( o ) there is this continous reporting this emanation i 'm sharing this . ( o ) this is only the work packages another milestones . ( o ) do we have milestones , yes . ( o ) there is improve as dry run slt for eurosai available in pv platform . ( o ) no , as you see on line ten in this spreadsheet . ( o ) the full integration is due end of november . ( fe ) see ( ? ? ) milestones are essential for us internal- internally . ( fe ) i mean , i know we have to report them through sigma , but- ( fe ) i mean it 's really as you see , just going take a box ( o ) yes . ( fe ) so it 's really of that- ( fe ) organizing ourselves . ( fe ) ehm , so that was my question , what do we want from this milestone . ( fe ) what should be- ( o ) yeah . ( o ) so i think the best answer to this is in just the next item preparations for the workshop . ( o ) and it 's not mentioned here yet . ( o ) but i think we should really aim and having as many target languages as we can . ( o ) up to these 43 for testing purposes like how much we we can handle the better . ( o ) and with the uh , with the help of the students here , if i gain the interpreting students here , will also have interpreters , one or two , perhaps one re-speaker more so up to three persons at the- at the workshop . ( o ) uh so we could be following english , german and czech if we have that finally , and we should be translating into as many languages , as we want . ( o ) i 've check with milo\u0161 , i 've asked milo\u0161 what nationalities are there of the participants attending this workshop . ( o ) but i have n't received any answer yet . ( o ) so that would be like the the lower bound of our goals , and the upper bound is to have the baseline systems trained without really much evaluation for all the 43 languages . ( o ) as a test case , i would go for all , but i would not worry if i have only four systems doing decent job , and i would also not worry at the workshop , at the end of june . ( o ) only like three or four languages are are handle by the per voice platform . ( o ) and we see that it is failing for more because of whatever loads somewhere . ( o ) so let's- let 's aim for everything . ( o ) and let 's see the failures , but not worry about them . ( fe ) ok , i mean to me , most the pain is gon na be actually integrating with the per voice . ( fe ) i mean , we fill as you see in ( ? ? ) systems cover all language pairs but we do n't really know how to get them to the per voice yet . ( fe ) at least we have here that adress problem . ( o ) yes . ( o ) this is something- ( fe ) -we could create one per voice worker that could do at least one source language for ( ? ? ) languages , not very well , but it could do something like that . ( o ) yep . ( o ) this is something that really needs to be negotiate at the technical level with per voice , because the per voice platform is also not ready for multitarget language . ( o ) one option is that we will create like rainbow packets that will contain all the target languages or more target languages , and we will have like selector clients , and the selector clients will receive these rainbow packages . ( o ) from the multi target nt systems , and they will present only a portion of that , according to the choice of the user . ( o ) so this is- this is what we will- exactly we have to discuss these details in- during the rest of april and may , and the beginning of june to see how to do it . ( fe ) that sound , ok , that sound reasonable , i mean how- ( fe ) so you say we 're actually gon na break this off , this is action offline . ( o ) yes . ( fe ) i actually figure out how do , whether responsibilities lying . ( o ) yes . ( fe ) ok , good . ( o ) ok , so because will be kick out of this room shortly , well , i can actually leave into the corridor as if ( ? ? ) ( o ) but i would prefer to stop it , so i just wanted to say that for now we have- ( o ) we can create private repositories , even for the elitr organization ( ? ? ) up . ( o ) so if you want any private repository , and you , you ca n't create yourself . ( o ) let me know , and can created for you . ( o ) and the preparations for the for the workshop . ( o ) uh , the , they are essentially running . ( o ) and the larger things that need to be done is to have a testing mediator , which is actually done . ( o ) so there is mediator that we can connect to . ( o ) and that 's the one that will be testing in five minutes from now here as well . ( o ) we would like to have automated daily tests of everything . ( o ) so we will put these tests suit , the cruse control together , but we need from everyone whoever has implemented any worker , to provide a sample test case . ( o ) so please , commit these cases , as short batch scripts to the repository that i created for that , it is mentioned somewhere- ( o ) where is that , cruse control- ( o ) that 's the- that 's the repository , yes . ( o ) in work package six i mentioned this- this repository . ( o ) so please commit these test scripts there . ( o ) and the critical thing is the presentation platform because we can no longer rely on the karlsruhe platform that we use for the fair , but we need to develop one for the , for the project . ( o ) and i 'm waiting for pervoice specification to review that . ( o ) i will try to implement slides grabbing and streaming of slides . ( o ) but i do n't know how to do that really , i have to learn . ( o ) and the presentation platform needs to allow selection of subtitles . ( o ) so this is the technical discussion that edinburgh also needs to be involved in . ( o ) like how is this internally done and also on the on the user interface , how that is selected by the user . ( o ) i think we should always keep the user in mind , because if the user seek too many languages , they would not be able to select , they do n't want to go over them . ( o ) so this is something , some user interface issues that i wanted to make sure our- our like- ( o ) that the platform is easily usable , and it has to provide some user integration of the selected subtitles . ( o ) and the stream flights . ( o ) so this is what we will be needed for the uh , for the workshop . ( o ) and i 'll let you know later on how the negotiations go in terms of asr that we will need for- for that . ( o ) because that depends on the interpreters available . ( o ) so in the- in the minimum case , we would be only following the english spoken at that workshop and translating into language that we have . ( o ) but as as very last that i said , let's- let 's aim for the most , let 's aim for 3 asrs and up to 43 target languages . ( o ) and let us see where we fail . ( o ) and this is the things that we will be worked on to- to have them confidently cover for the eurosai congress . ( o ) yeah , so now , five to the deadline . ( o ) and i suggest that we do n't go into the details of ( ? ? ) package already getting the input from each of you was very informative . ( o ) so i would like to ask everyone to carefully read the- the comments collected by your colleagues , over all i think that the progress is- is very good . ( o ) we have- ( o ) we are on track . ( o ) i 'm not aware of any issue . ( o ) is there anyone who would be aware of any delays at this point ? ( o ) yeah , i 'm ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think were generally doing well for yeah . ( o ) i do n't know if there is- ( o ) the only red ( ? ? ) for the alfa view pro recording to work also legally well , remembered to send the- their production forms to alfa view . ( o ) so that 's the only critical thing here . ( o ) otherwise i 've mentioned everything . ( o ) and if you do n't have any question at font- ( t ) well the last thing - i did time sheets . ( t ) if everyone- ( o ) so exactly . ( o ) so this is where i wanted to just leave , and leave the timesheets up to you . ( o ) so . ( o ) yeah , i think- i think that we are on track , so eveybody please carefully read the status updates , especially where you are interfacing anyone , but read everything , so that you 're aware of everything . ( o ) and that would be it from my side . ( o ) right . ( o ) so with- i will stop sharing my screen and share my face instead . ( o ) so- so i would say thank you for the call . ( o ) but there i will still leave you entertained little with the timesheets just remind that you need to collect them , that 's it . ( o ) okay . ( t ) ah , ok . ( o ) so thank you . ( t ) bye bye . ( o ) thanks a lot . ( p ) bye bye . ( t ) ok , so how are your time sheets ? ( t ) i know that each of you is having little bit different system . ( t ) so , is everything ok with it ? ( t ) because we will have to collect it for the periodic reports . ( t ) so yeah , i just do n't want everyone 's doing their timesheets for year and half . ( u ) i mean , our administration in general , in the top of the timesheets , we have been changing over project in the early months this year ( u ) so i 'm not even sure that would be actually paid per the project in january or february . ( u ) but i know at least till april ( ? ? ) paid by the project . ( u ) the timesheets will be there and they 'll be there before , before the 18 month deadline . ( t ) ok , correct , great . ( t ) and pervoice and alfa view ? ( t ) till when do you need- ( p ) do you hear me , tea ? ( t ) yes , i hear you . ( t ) well , we will need them before the 18 months period but yeah , it should be done some continuously . ( p ) yes , just , just the question . ( p ) the guy in the timesheet we have a- our all internal time management system . ( p ) so we have all direct ( ? ? ) of the time spend on the project . ( p ) but in order to have one agregate timesheet that you need for the regular implementation to the ue . ( p ) do you have any format in which you would like to recieve the timesheet from us ? ( p ) i mean , do you an excel sheet- ( t ) yes , yes we do . ( p ) we have some- ( t ) we have a little bit more detailed timesheet , like form , excel sheet . ( t ) which , more detail than the your ( ? ? ) commission requires . ( t ) but a few days ago , i was online watching conference about the administrative in horizon 2020 and they said that we have to like record the amount of time spent on work package and also the task , so i think our- ( t ) our timesheets is ok with it . ( t ) and that we have there ever since so i can send it to you . ( t ) just to have a look if you are collecting everything in your system . ( p ) okay , perfect . ( p ) ( ? ? ) task , because i do remember that it 's impor- ( p ) it 's essential ( ? ? ) recording the work package . ( t ) yes , we just want- ( t ) like in our version of timesheets there is the work split to the ( ? ? ) work packages and just down it 's ( ? ? ) the number of task , like t 1 point 3 , t 2 point 6 , i do n't know . ( t ) just what you worked on . ( t ) and just more like informative , you do n't have to like devide the hours between the tasks , just between the work packages . ( p ) okay , because i- i do n't think i were recording system let the user put the time , to put the time on a specific task . ( p ) on the work package it 's where the task is ... ( t ) yes . ( t ) and it 's also beca- ( t ) why we want this so we know that we did n't forget on any task . ( t ) kind of . ( t ) just for listen play , record them ( ? ? ) ( p ) ok . ( t ) ok . ( t ) and i think that karlsruhe is also fine , right . ( fe ) it would be helpful if you also have the timesheet template so we can- ( t ) ok . ( fe ) information repeated . ( fe ) but otherwise you will- ( fe ) we have ( ? ? ) ( t ) ok . ( t ) so , that 's it . ( t ) so if you do n't have any more questions , i think we 're done . ( p ) ok . ( a ) so we need the data protection from all of you . ( a ) some data are missing , i think ( ? ? ) just know . ( t ) ok aline , so if you could just maybe write to the specific person you 're missing the timesheet , ehm , the concent form from . ( t ) so- ( a ) ok . ( a ) so ( ? ? ) i think . ( t ) yes . ( a ) fine . ( t ) ok , any more question ? ( t ) if no , so thank you all for today 's call . ( t ) and i will , i will trade doodle for- for the next one . ( t ) i think it should be around the end of the may . ( t ) like would be next suitable . ( t ) ok ? ( p ) ok , thank you . ( t ) so bye bye . ( fe ) bye bye .", "tgt": "ond\u0159ej: inform about successfully delivered the delivery rules . two on ethics and two on the website . our constant forms did not receive any negative feedback . internal website provide brief overview including spending . ask for add information if someone do something , go anywhere or bought something . any type of data that is being collected for research purposes and also just being use from other sources should be mentioned here - to give an overview to the commission , what we are using , what type of resources are using , because data are important for others to follow us . inform about ec workshop in luxembourg where barry , phill and ivana kvapil\u00edkov\u00e1 , as a substitute for ond\u0159ej , are going . ask for enter these activities into google sheet . inform about students firm fair . result is a publicity , little news item and blog on elitr website . notice that we are doing some things without telling the alphaview . alphaview can not really do the broadcasting and the attack of social networks . do n't repeat this error and let alphaview know . inform about workshop wg vat , working group on value added tax , on 20th june . inform about achieved paper submissions . notice others to mention papers if they have some . later will be needed all the details and all the papers . inform about milestones . first language spoken language translation prototype - notice that there will be necessary to consider whether we want interpreted data as a test set or not . spoken language translation can extend beyond integrating asr and mt into one piece of software . another milestone is baseline mt models for eurosai congress . it will require the data that edinburgh have already collected and we have started multilingual multi-target training systems . ond\u0159ej , franz , phil: discuss the milestone status \u2013 is done working prototype online . there are two limitations . guest joined with provided link react only to english , because it is predefined language for guests . and there are only two workers available . so only two simultaneous audience streams can be processed on the far side . they clearify the worker limitation . recording asr is also important . tea , phil , felix , aline: discuss and clearify situation with timesheet for the periodic reports . next meeting will be arranged by doodle , probably around the end of may ."}
{"src": "( o ) the- to the document , to live document . ( o ) should i share the screen ? ( o ) i suggest not to share it , because that- ( o ) oh , i 'm streaming my face already . ( o ) so , that is the screen will be actually less- less demanding on the screen- ( o ) it will be less demanding on the network . . ( o ) okay ? ( o ) so we have started recording . ( o ) the first item on the list is to just mention that we have successfully delivered the delivery rules that we were expected to deliver . ( o ) to deliver- there was two on ethics and two on the website . ( o ) these deliver rules , especially the internal website this is for us . ( o ) so if you are failing to find some information on the project . ( o ) obviously , you can ask us whenever you like but you can also just remember where the internal website ( ? ? ) is and then look it up there . ( o ) and that will give you a brief overview of- of that . ( o ) yeah , uh , with for listed this publicity achieved the- the thing . ( o ) just make everybody aware of the du collecting where we have presented our work . ( o ) and- if you have done something , please add yourself . ( o ) there is the- ec workshop in luxembourg barry and phill are going and if i 'm not mistaken- ( o ) ivana kvapil\u00edkov\u00e1- ( o ) as a substitute for ond\u0159ej is going- ( o ) if this is the ec- ( o ) sorry . ( o ) if this is the ec workshop by- organized by holger schwenk . ( o ) i was asked to- yes . ( o ) so we have- we have a- ( o ) so this is this is the important bit . ( o ) everyone please enter these activities into this google sheet . ( o ) and i hope it will actually open . ( o ) this is the numbers that we will be entering into the official portal . ( o ) what were we are also under ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and this is for us to have an overview , and also for to see our spending . ( o ) and the impact , specify the estimatated number of persons to reached . ( o ) i do not know where they use these- ( o ) what 're they use these numbers for . ( o ) but it just good to have a record of what- what have been done . ( o ) so if you go anywhere . ( o ) if you bought something somewhere , check this spreadsheet , and uh , if it is possible please add the item as well . ( o ) so we have been at the fair of student firms , and thanks again to karlsruhe and to pervoice for coming in person as well . ( o ) and the- the result of this is obviously the pub- the little publicity , the little news item or block- short block that we have on our elitr website now and the video in preparation . ( o ) so we have- ( o ) we have also recorded some short movie and we are now editing it and will post it . ( o ) so this will be like one more opportunity to- . ( o ) to maybe , to ( ? ? ) about that . ( o ) so this if for alfa view . ( o ) who are managing the the presence . . ( o ) and i feel that we are doing some things without telling the alfa view . ( o ) so the alfa view can not really do the- do the broadcasting and the attack of social networks . ( o ) so everybody , please , do n't repeat this error and let alfa view know so that the media is full of us . ( o ) another such opportunity , halfway missed opportunity is this conference of the interpreters director general , the g interpretation or sick in brussels . ( o ) i was there . ( o ) two weeks ago , i do n't know . ( o ) it's- it has been recorded , and it is- you can even look at what i was saying . ( o ) i used the elitr slide , so there was clear promotion , someone told me that they saw me on twitter . ( o ) i 'm not following through it at all . ( o ) so maybe , knowledge people will know how to look this up . ( o ) and this was an opportunity to retreat . ( o ) so maybe we could still retreated now because the video is available . ( o ) and i find it interesting for our purposes ( ? ? ) speak english . ( o ) and it is you can also select the german channel . ( o ) so i can listen to myself speaking german . ( o ) so this is- i 'm telling this not because of my speech . ( o ) but because of the various conferences that are signitadly interpreted . ( o ) and and this would be an interesting data source for , especially the work package on the spoken language translation that embra is overseeing . ( o ) so just keep that in mind . ( o ) that there is such a resource , what is missing is the transcripts , but with the asr quality surprising humans , i think the transcript should be readily available with the only very few errors in year from now , also thanks to our contributions . ( o ) hopefully . ( o ) so this is a valuable type of data source , ok ? ( o ) then there will be the workshop , do you know the date ? ( o ) can someone add the date ? ( o ) it will be some may- ( p ) june the 20th ? ( o ) june ? ( p ) yeah . ( o ) june . ( o ) june twentieth . ( o ) so just before uh our uh , drive run the- the wg vet . ( o ) so which is working group on value added tax . ( o ) finally , that 's it for that workshop abbreviation . ( o ) so if you have anything else , please add it or please let us know . ( o ) yep . ( o ) then another thing that we have achieved is paper submissions , so well . ( o ) i already read below in the list that there is actually a paper accepted to tackle bike it . ( o ) so we have only submissions , not not accepted papers , and too much less important venue speech in dialogue . ( o ) one of them is a micro review of minuting . ( o ) and another one is on the little speech test , on the little speech corpus that we collected at the- the student fair . ( o ) and this can serve as the test corpus for various- ( o ) for english asr for non-natives . ( o ) so if you have any other papers , please mention them here . ( o ) later on , when we come to the official reporting will obviously need all the details and all the papers . ( o ) but this is just quick preview of what- what is happening . ( o ) then the milestones . ( o ) we know about the delayed milestone on recording in alfa view platform . ( o ) officially- check with the po and he said it 's ok if this is delayed , thank you for the explanation . ( o ) it was important for me to deliver the explanation . ( o ) about the goal language and- and our lack of that in the rest of the team . ( o ) and he said , just tick if off when you are done . ( o ) so i would like to know from alfa view what is the status of this milestone now . ( f ) ok , this is done so far , we have uh , working prototype online . ( f ) i think we invited you to have look . ( f ) you can take a look anytime . ( o ) oh . ( o ) i missed that . ( f ) yeah . ( f ) so- ( o ) can you , if there is some url , could you paste the url here ? ( f ) yeah , this would lead you into- into our conferencing client . ( f ) so you from must make sure you have alfa view installed first . ( o ) ok , so that would not work- ( f ) and then you are inside the client . ( f ) there is two limitations basically . ( f ) as a guest , which- which you are when you join with the link provided , um , it will only react to english , because that is predefined for guests . ( f ) and then there are only two workers available , right . ( f ) so only two simultaneous audience streams can be processed on the far side . ( f ) so that's- that 's the current status , it is working . ( f ) the only thing that is not working reliable or reliably is that the audio is actually being picked up by worker . ( f ) by , you know , this is a piece of software that is , you know , part of this whole , um the voice system . ( f ) and they on currently , not fully reliable , reliably picking up the audio stream that is something we have no influence to . ( f ) and , yeah . ( f ) we will have to wait until per voice , or i do not even know who is responsible to continue working on that . ( f ) so from our perspective , we 're done so far . ( f ) we 've wrapped , um , the api connector into uh , into the goal programming language . ( f ) and we can now transfer all to you . ( f ) and basically the recording can now be done on ( ? ? ) side . ( o ) ok . ( o ) so this is the set up that we wanted . ( o ) that's- that 's very good . ( o ) so i think that i should tick the uh , tick the uh , milestone checkbooks . ( o ) it is in the system now , because in principle , it works . ( o ) but it is not reliable . ( o ) and the lack of reliability is like a package loss , so network- traffic , so that paket get lost , or the way to mode this . ( f ) that is- that is an unclear . ( f ) i must say that the developer that is actually working on this part is now on vacation . ( f ) um , so all i have left is his comments on the- on the start , as he did not comment on what exactly is the issue here , or what he thinks the issue . ( f ) i just have the working program . ( f ) i can even screenshot , if you want to . ( f ) and then i can see and show you the- the output of the um franz side . ( f ) but i do not think it is necessary , right . ( f ) you can- you can test this out yourselves and i will provide the link . ( o ) so- ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( p ) the issue lead into the worker . ( p ) do you mean something related to the worker processing the ( ? ? ) you sending or- . ( f ) i think exactly , that is the problem . ( f ) yeah . ( p ) and you can provide the information about the worker you 're using , i mean the fingerprint you using . ( p ) we can interact with the provider of the worker , ok ? ( f ) okay , yeah , uh , we do that afterwards , i guess or- ( f ) yeah . ( o ) so i wo n't tick it off yet . ( o ) i will wait for the detailed answer from- from your colleague , who is now on vacation . ( o ) and i 'm sure that you will find way in the like a week or two so this- this should be easy to handle . ( o ) what was not very clear to me is the limitation because of the workers . ( o ) so there has to be as many english channel processing workers- ( o ) i have ( ? ? ) . ( o ) as many participants join the room , or how does it work in practice . ( o ) so if we want to record our session right now , there two , four , like ten of us here . ( o ) i ca n't hear at all . ( o ) so there is a drop off . ( o ) i probably stop my camera , just to stop that right now . ( o ) there is like ten more bugs . ( o ) i will stop my screensharing just to save the network bandwidth . ( o ) so maybe there is an issue with- with the network because i have to be on wi-fi unfortunately . ( f ) so maybe , maybe i can ( ? ? ) my impression . ( o ) and also , there is probably someone who is ecoing the ( ? ? ) ( o ) someone is using loudspeakers . ( o ) so if you are using- using loudspeakers peace mute yourself at the same time , unless you are talking , obviously . ( o ) so franz can you , eh , can you talk now ? ( f ) yes . ( f ) so what i think the problem is all the limitation is if you have two workers , but can receive or process audio at the same time . ( f ) you might end up um with no- no worker available . ( f ) if there is multiple person 's speaking at the same time , or having an like like , a heated discussion . ( f ) then i would , then i would say , '' you would need more like four workers to be available , because after you stopped speaking . ( f ) this worker stays assigned to your audio stream for probably probably like five seconds . ( f ) so this is then reserved , and someone else starts talking and another worker has to jump in and pick up this audio . ( f ) so far what i understood . ( f ) i might be wrong . ( f ) but that is what , what i 'm ( ? ? ) so far . ( p ) it 's correct , do you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( f ) yeah . ( p ) we usually stopped at least five to ten session per workers on our side per language . ( p ) you know to be able to handle multiple concurent stream . ( p ) so , if you wanna- ( p ) if you need more than two , we have to check with katie , how many workers they can start on the- ( p ) and to connect to the media to , you know , to make available more simultaneous channels . ( o ) so this is important for- . ( o ) sorry to interrupt , i 'll wait . ( fe ) yeah , felix from kit here . ( fe ) ( ? ? ) is also here . ( fe ) so we currently do have to work as running or as i interfere . ( fe ) we ca n't scale this up . ( fe ) but we do have other obligations that we need the processing power for , such as the european parliament . ( o ) yeah . ( fe ) you do n't have these workers on multiplying . ( fe ) for these meetings so we can scale up the services to have more copies and have more workers . ( o ) i think it 's totally- ( o ) yeah , i think it is totally ok for the testing to have just the two workers . ( o ) so , it would be- ( o ) will be testing it with one person speaking only . ( o ) so this should work well . ( o ) what we need more for the project purposes and for the session to be running alfa view would be the recording client . ( o ) and if i 'm understand correctly was the recording clients- ( o ) it would be the same thing . ( o ) so that each utterance , whoever says , it will be picked up by one of the recording clients or would be different . ( p ) each- ( p ) it is a each stream it 's each channel . ( p ) each channel- ( p ) ( ? ? ) difference . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( o ) so that 's different , so the asr workers are like jumping on the streams , and there is so far no language diarization so that the workers do not know a day all assume that only english will be spoken for now . ( o ) this made later change for the real test case was alfa view doing the remote meeting so that when the person logs in they would say , i will be only speaking german , or i will be spoke- speaking german or english . ( o ) and then the workers- we should like figure out how much we support this . ( o ) i think it is totally fine for uh , for the presentation purposes to say that a person , when a person connects to the alfa view , they , have to say their language , and it will limit the workers to the language for that . ( o ) it will limit workers for the language . ( o ) for- ( o ) so the workers for asr are jumping on the channels as they start producing signal . ( o ) and they leave the channel after five seconds of silence . ( o ) and for the recording purpose is different . ( o ) it is every channel gets recording worker . ( o ) so we need to have just as many recording clients , as there will be participants connecting to the to the room . ( o ) and this is something that can per voice easily set this up or can anybody set this up and connect to the same mediator . ( o ) so this was a question for per voice probably . ( o ) if we like- ( o ) i 'm checking when should- ( o ) when should be the next call of elitr what needs to be set up . ( o ) so that we actually run the elitr call in the alfa view platform and we have the separate channels recorded . ( o ) so what needs to be done for this- for this purpose . ( p ) ondrej , are you asking per voice or alfa view . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) i think to per voice , because alfa view , as far as i would say , are probably done as , like except for the uh , low reliability , but that maybe also does not affect the recording workers . ( p ) because in fact as part of the ( ? ? ) simple connector the is also the- audio recorder client- ( p ) the audio recorder worker . ( p ) so it is a matter of launching of running the audio recorder . ( p ) we will soon fingerprint and been to run the alfa view integration with- ( p ) that fingerprint to also add the recorder to the- to the chain . ( f ) ok . ( o ) yeah , well . ( o ) what- but nevermind ( f ) that is- ( f ) that is basically the same process as we did with the um- ( f ) the the transcription of worker . ( f ) for the-for the recording worker , did i understand that correctly ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) is to set up the recording workers . ( p ) you just have to run the recorder client . ( p ) it 's worker . ( p ) adds the recording feature to the- to the engine for the- ( f ) ok . ( f ) that is important information . ( f ) i think that was not clear up until now . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( o ) so anyway , i think we are on very good track . ( o ) and this will be resolved soon . ( o ) so please let me know when i should finally tick off this box , and essentially a dry run call in alfa view platform with the recording capacity and recording correctly collected has to be carried our for me to tick this off . ( o ) so this- this is more important for the milestone , the recording than the asr . ( o ) the asr is also needed to on . ( o ) so it is great that you have done that . ( o ) uh , but the recording , it is the thing that the most on check if i 'm not mistaken . ( f ) okay . ( o ) ok so thank you . ( o ) let me know again . ( o ) share my screen hopefully this will work ( o ) and- yeah . ( o ) so there is the upcoming deliverables and milestones . ( o ) there is deliverables timeline , a sheet that is the another deliverables dmps . ( o ) so this it the upcoming deliverables . ( o ) so everybody please have a look at this and keep regular looking at this , so that you know what is coming . ( o ) and here in columns . ( o ) in columns o and others there- . ( o ) we- we would like to see who are the authors of this , who are expected to write each deliverable and also his volunteer to review those . ( o ) all the upcoming deliverables are by the end of june , uh . ( o ) so there is still a a quite a lot of time . ( o ) but it is is good to know about them and start writing them early . ( o ) we need to deliver them by this date so- ( o ) and remember there is this wg vet workshop so we will be very busy at the end of june . ( o ) so i think that internally . ( o ) we should aim and having this deliverables written ideally , by the end of may . ( o ) so that the review- ( o ) so that the internal review can start . ( o ) so i think this is actually a month earlier . ( o ) and that should give us enough time and have june relatively peaceful . ( t ) also please ( ? ? ) the column m. ( t ) so there is the word package leader ( t ) so like the last three columns need just fill it in . ( o ) so the upcoming deliverables are - one of them is on initiall training data separating confidential and public version of that data . ( o ) this is that something that edinburgh is , would be putting together . ( o ) obviously , everybody will be contributing . ( o ) i just wanted to comment that either this deliverable or the data management plan , which is the eight point three . ( o ) they should mention the elitr testsuits that we created for this wmt and also the antrecorp , which is the speech test corpus with the high school students . ( o ) so this is just so that we do n't forget those . ( o ) so the data management plan . ( o ) is something that i just wanted to briefly mention . ( o ) it is any type of data that is being collected for research purposes . ( o ) and also just being use from from other sources should be mentioned here . ( o ) this is to give an overview to the commission , what we are using , what type of resources are using , because data are important for others to follow us and so on . ( o ) so this is something that will be putting together . ( o ) but if you are using some data resources for training your asr system , and all that these details would be nice to- to be aggregated here . ( o ) we 'll set up some form of template and we will fill that in and then we will see into what detail we go in general , we will be mentioning our corpus ( ? ? ) and edinburgh will be surely mentioning simply the wmt training data and all that , but the- the- ( o ) yeah . ( o ) we need to put this together in one way or another . ( o ) and an other important deliverable is the periodic activity in finance reports . ( o ) so this is again on us , but we will need input from everybody . ( o ) and see also the administrative topics mentioned at the end of this document . ( o ) so this would be essentially the time sheets and your spending that we need to report in that- in that document . ( o ) and this is the last deliverable is again on ethics . ( o ) so far , we have not heard any complains about our handling of ethics . ( o ) so our constant forms did not receive any negative feedback . ( o ) so will just write it down . ( o ) the only type of like negative feedback was that people did not agree with being recorded or providing the data , and that 's totally ok . ( o ) but in principle , it seems that we procedures as it 's expected . ( o ) and we also have upcoming milestones . ( o ) again , at the end of june , one of them is the first spoken language translation prototype by edinburgh . ( o ) and here i just wanted to mention that i could obtain interpreting data without transcripts from lists mock conference by students . ( o ) so the key question is whether we want interpreted data as a test set or not . ( o ) we do not have to answer this question now . ( o ) but it is- it is something that should be considered for the spoken language translation . ( o ) one thing i wanted to mention seeing for the first time , the- the live in interpreting . ( o ) i realize that there is so much more content beyond words , that is actually being translated . ( o ) so the interpreters are kind of reporting on the general mood in the room as well with their voice characteristics . ( o ) and sometimes they are mediating the negotiation like pacifying the- the disagreeing parties , and sometimes they are not depends on- on the order or the customer asked for . ( o ) so there is a lot more to interpreting than just translating transcribe speech . ( o ) and this is important to realize and this also open space for uh , for future experiments . ( o ) so in the long-term like ten years from now we should be thinking about training neuro ( ? ? ) systems synthesizing speech , so that even these voice qualities are transferred someway . ( o ) that is why it is interesting to look at these data sets . ( o ) so this is just the one remarkable the- the usefulness of that word package . ( o ) spoken language translation can extend way beyond just integrating asr and ( ? ? ) into one piece of software . ( o ) yeah , so that is the- that 's the milestones on first language spoken language translation prototype . ( o ) and another milestone is baseline mt models for eurosai congress . ( o ) and the this will require the data that edinburgh have already collected . ( o ) and we have started multilingual multi-target training systems , and dominic will work on these many system after wmt has ended which is essentially now . ( o ) so only edinburgh and we have to really worry about the milestones . ( o ) but otherwise we are a relatively early , in- in good standing . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) if there is no comments to this then- ( fe ) sorry i- ondrej ? ( o ) yep . ( fe ) so we had our the baseline mt model for eurosai congress . ( fe ) um . ( o ) yeah . ( fe ) ( ? ? ) about , that means that- ( o ) so exactly- ( fe ) - per voices ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think- i forgot the- let me , well , where is my print out . ( o ) there is this continous reporting this emanation i 'm sharing this . ( o ) this is only the work packages another milestones . ( o ) do we have milestones , yes . ( o ) there is improve as dry run slt for eurosai available in pv platform . ( o ) no , as you see on line ten in this spreadsheet . ( o ) the full integration is due end of november . ( fe ) see ( ? ? ) milestones are essential for us internal- internally . ( fe ) i mean , i know we have to report them through sigma , but- ( fe ) i mean it 's really as you see , just going take a box ( o ) yes . ( fe ) so it 's really of that- ( fe ) organizing ourselves . ( fe ) ehm , so that was my question , what do we want from this milestone . ( fe ) what should be- ( o ) yeah . ( o ) so i think the best answer to this is in just the next item preparations for the workshop . ( o ) and it 's not mentioned here yet . ( o ) but i think we should really aim and having as many target languages as we can . ( o ) up to these 43 for testing purposes like how much we we can handle the better . ( o ) and with the uh , with the help of the students here , if i gain the interpreting students here , will also have interpreters , one or two , perhaps one re-speaker more so up to three persons at the- at the workshop . ( o ) uh so we could be following english , german and czech if we have that finally , and we should be translating into as many languages , as we want . ( o ) i 've check with milo\u0161 , i 've asked milo\u0161 what nationalities are there of the participants attending this workshop . ( o ) but i have n't received any answer yet . ( o ) so that would be like the the lower bound of our goals , and the upper bound is to have the baseline systems trained without really much evaluation for all the 43 languages . ( o ) as a test case , i would go for all , but i would not worry if i have only four systems doing decent job , and i would also not worry at the workshop , at the end of june . ( o ) only like three or four languages are are handle by the per voice platform . ( o ) and we see that it is failing for more because of whatever loads somewhere . ( o ) so let's- let 's aim for everything . ( o ) and let 's see the failures , but not worry about them . ( fe ) ok , i mean to me , most the pain is gon na be actually integrating with the per voice . ( fe ) i mean , we fill as you see in ( ? ? ) systems cover all language pairs but we do n't really know how to get them to the per voice yet . ( fe ) at least we have here that adress problem . ( o ) yes . ( o ) this is something- ( fe ) -we could create one per voice worker that could do at least one source language for ( ? ? ) languages , not very well , but it could do something like that . ( o ) yep . ( o ) this is something that really needs to be negotiate at the technical level with per voice , because the per voice platform is also not ready for multitarget language . ( o ) one option is that we will create like rainbow packets that will contain all the target languages or more target languages , and we will have like selector clients , and the selector clients will receive these rainbow packages . ( o ) from the multi target nt systems , and they will present only a portion of that , according to the choice of the user . ( o ) so this is- this is what we will- exactly we have to discuss these details in- during the rest of april and may , and the beginning of june to see how to do it . ( fe ) that sound , ok , that sound reasonable , i mean how- ( fe ) so you say we 're actually gon na break this off , this is action offline . ( o ) yes . ( fe ) i actually figure out how do , whether responsibilities lying . ( o ) yes . ( fe ) ok , good . ( o ) ok , so because will be kick out of this room shortly , well , i can actually leave into the corridor as if ( ? ? ) ( o ) but i would prefer to stop it , so i just wanted to say that for now we have- ( o ) we can create private repositories , even for the elitr organization ( ? ? ) up . ( o ) so if you want any private repository , and you , you ca n't create yourself . ( o ) let me know , and can created for you . ( o ) and the preparations for the for the workshop . ( o ) uh , the , they are essentially running . ( o ) and the larger things that need to be done is to have a testing mediator , which is actually done . ( o ) so there is mediator that we can connect to . ( o ) and that 's the one that will be testing in five minutes from now here as well . ( o ) we would like to have automated daily tests of everything . ( o ) so we will put these tests suit , the cruse control together , but we need from everyone whoever has implemented any worker , to provide a sample test case . ( o ) so please , commit these cases , as short batch scripts to the repository that i created for that , it is mentioned somewhere- ( o ) where is that , cruse control- ( o ) that 's the- that 's the repository , yes . ( o ) in work package six i mentioned this- this repository . ( o ) so please commit these test scripts there . ( o ) and the critical thing is the presentation platform because we can no longer rely on the karlsruhe platform that we use for the fair , but we need to develop one for the , for the project . ( o ) and i 'm waiting for pervoice specification to review that . ( o ) i will try to implement slides grabbing and streaming of slides . ( o ) but i do n't know how to do that really , i have to learn . ( o ) and the presentation platform needs to allow selection of subtitles . ( o ) so this is the technical discussion that edinburgh also needs to be involved in . ( o ) like how is this internally done and also on the on the user interface , how that is selected by the user . ( o ) i think we should always keep the user in mind , because if the user seek too many languages , they would not be able to select , they do n't want to go over them . ( o ) so this is something , some user interface issues that i wanted to make sure our- our like- ( o ) that the platform is easily usable , and it has to provide some user integration of the selected subtitles . ( o ) and the stream flights . ( o ) so this is what we will be needed for the uh , for the workshop . ( o ) and i 'll let you know later on how the negotiations go in terms of asr that we will need for- for that . ( o ) because that depends on the interpreters available . ( o ) so in the- in the minimum case , we would be only following the english spoken at that workshop and translating into language that we have . ( o ) but as as very last that i said , let's- let 's aim for the most , let 's aim for 3 asrs and up to 43 target languages . ( o ) and let us see where we fail . ( o ) and this is the things that we will be worked on to- to have them confidently cover for the eurosai congress . ( o ) yeah , so now , five to the deadline . ( o ) and i suggest that we do n't go into the details of ( ? ? ) package already getting the input from each of you was very informative . ( o ) so i would like to ask everyone to carefully read the- the comments collected your colleagues , over all i think that the progress is- is very good . ( o ) we have- ( o ) we are on track . ( o ) i 'm not aware of any issue . ( o ) is there anyone who would be aware of any delays at this point ? ( o ) yeah , i 'm ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think were generally doing well for yeah . ( o ) i do n't know if there is- ( o ) the only red ( ? ? ) for the alfa view pro recording to work also legally well , remembered to send the- their production forms to alfa view . ( o ) so that 's the only critical thing here . ( o ) otherwise i 've mentioned everything . ( o ) and if you do n't have question at font- ( t ) well the last thing - i did time sheets . ( t ) if everyone- ( o ) so exactly . ( o ) so this is where i wanted to just leave , and leave the timesheets up to you . ( o ) so . ( o ) yeah , i think- i think that we are on track , so eveybody please carefully read the status updates , especially where you are interfacing anyone , but read everything , so that you 're aware of everything . ( o ) and that would be it from my side . ( o ) right . ( o ) so with- i will stop sharing my screen and share my face instead . ( o ) so- so i would say thank you for the call . ( o ) but there i will still leave you entertained little with the timesheets just remind that you need to collect them , that 's it . ( o ) okay . ( t ) ah , ok . ( o ) so thank you . ( t ) bye bye . ( o ) thanks a lot . ( p ) bye bye . ( t ) ok , so how are your time sheets ? ( t ) i know that each of you is having little bit different system . ( t ) so , is everything ok with it ? ( t ) because we will have to collect it for the periodic reports . ( t ) so yeah , i just do n't want everyone 's doing their timesheets for year and half . ( u ) i mean , our administration in general , in the top of the timesheets , we have been changing over project in the early months this year ( u ) so i 'm not even sure that would be actually paid per the project in january or february . ( u ) but i know at least till april ( ? ? ) paid by the project . ( u ) the timesheets will be there and they 'll be there before , before the 18 month deadline . ( t ) ok , correct , great . ( t ) and pervoice and alfa view ? ( t ) till when do you need- ( p ) do you hear me , tea ? ( t ) yes , i hear you . ( t ) well , we will need them before the 18 months period but yeah , it should be done some continuously . ( p ) yes , just , just the question . ( p ) the guy in the timesheet we have a- our all internal time management system . ( p ) so we have all direct ( ? ? ) of the time spend on the project . ( p ) but in order to have one agregate timesheet that you need for the regular implementation to the ue . ( p ) do you have any format in which you would like to recieve the timesheet from us ? ( p ) i mean , do you an excel sheet- ( t ) yes , yes we do . ( p ) we have some- ( t ) we have a little bit more detailed timesheet , like form , excel sheet . ( t ) which , more detail than the your ( ? ? ) commission requires . ( t ) but a few days ago , i was online watching conference about the administrative in horizon 2020 and they said that we have to like record the amount of time spent on work package and also the task , so i think our- ( t ) our timesheets is ok with it . ( t ) and that we have there ever since so i can send it to you . ( t ) just to have a look if you are collecting everything in your system . ( p ) okay , perfect . ( p ) ( ? ? ) task , because i do remember that it 's impor- ( p ) it 's essential ( ? ? ) recording the work package . ( t ) yes , we just want- ( t ) like in our version of timesheets there is the work split to the ( ? ? ) work packages and just down it 's ( ? ? ) the number of task , like t 1 point 3 , t 2 point 6 , i do n't know . ( t ) just what you worked on . ( t ) and just more like informative , you do n't have to like devite the hours between the tasks , just between the work packages . ( p ) okay , because i- i do n't think i were recording system let the user put the time , to put the time on a specific task . ( p ) on the work package it 's where the task is ... ( t ) yes . ( t ) and it 's also beca- ( t ) why we want this so we know that we did n't forget on any task . ( t ) kind of . ( t ) just for listen play , record them ( ? ? ) ( p ) ok . ( t ) ok . ( t ) and i think that karlsruhe is also fine , right . ( fe ) it would be helpful if you also have the timesheet template so we can- ( t ) ok . ( fe ) -information repeated . ( fe ) but otherwise you will- ( fe ) we have ( ? ? ) ( t ) ok . ( t ) so , that 's it . ( t ) so if you do n't have any more questions , i think we 're done . ( p ) ok . ( a ) so we need the data protection from all of you . ( a ) some data are missing , i think ( ? ? ) just know . ( t ) ok aline , so if you could just maybe write to the specific person you 're missing the timesheet , ehm , the concent form from . ( t ) so- ( a ) ok . ( a ) so ( ? ? ) i think . ( t ) yes . ( a ) fine . ( t ) ok , any more question ? ( t ) if no , so thank you all for today 's call . ( t ) and i will , i will trade doodle for- for the next one . ( t ) i think it should be around the end of the may . ( t ) like would be next suitable . ( t ) ok ? ( p ) ok , thank you . ( t ) so bye bye . ( fe ) bye bye .", "tgt": "upcoming ec workshop in luxembourg . keeping google sheets updated - spendings . conference in brussel \u2013 possibility to listen it in english / german . alfa view platform recording . number of workers / recording clients . deliverable dmps: have them done ideally by the end of the may . fill in the sheets with info using in asr system . by the end of june \u2013 first spoken language translation prototype by edinburgh . baseline mt models for eurosai congress . testing mediator \u2013 done . unification of excel timesheets . fill them continuously . aline has some missing data protection \u2013 will contact specific persons ."}
{"src": "( b ) hello . can you hear me ? does it work ? ( d ) well , yes , i can hear you . ( b ) yes , excellent . works good . ( c ) hi . ( b ) hi . we have phil and phil probably mean barry as well ? ( e ) no , it 's just me , barry . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay it 's ( ? ? ) . yeah , okay . great . so , we have alfaview . we have pervoice . and ivan , you are the only one from pervoice , right , for today ? ( d ) yeah . ( b ) so are we waiting for anyone ? i do n't think so . i think that we are full . that we 're complete . is it okay . so thanks , everybody , for working hard on on the report and other things . and and the project ( ? ? ) and thanks for joining this call . this call is again being recorded for the purposes of our minuting . so i hope that you are fine with that . and let 's let 's move quickly to the agenda for today , which is in the google document . it was very messy still early in the morning , but we 've worked hard to to make some sense of that now . so please interrupt me at any stage and otherwise , i 'll try to be as quick as possible with this call because we have some things to to do to finish quickly . so the most important thing is that there is other calls . there was kind of too many goals planned . so it was confusing for everybody . but two more calls are planned . one is for this afternoon and that will be a technical call for the second dry run that we will do at in liberec . so there there there would be me , dominik , barry and phil , not chiara , if i 'm not mistaken . but ivan will be there , felix theisen and maybe maybe milo\u0161 could join . ( c ) milo\u0161 is coming . ( b ) milo\u0161 is is coming for the meeting . for the af ( c ) yes . ( b ) for the afternoon . yes , okay . yeah , so that will be good . and yeah . ( f ) sorry , andre , what time was that call at ? that ( ? ? ) is it ? ( b ) 1 prague time . ( f ) oh , it 's 1 prague time , okay . ( b ) so 12 in your time . that 's that 's 12 of your time . ( f ) that 's the ( ? ? ) after this one . sorry . ( b ) no , it 's not . there there is - ( f ) well , yeah , right . ( b ) but for you , that might be too early of of for lunch break . yeah , okay . ( f ) so yeah , okay . ( b ) so- sorry , i i am - yeah . okay , and the other call is for minuting demonstrator . and this is something that does n't need to be - anything does n't have to be developed , or car- carefully designed . but by the end of the year , we have to have a clear idea what the minuting demonstrator will be . and i would like to have a vague idea of this before we have the remote review . so that 's why i 'm i 'm trying to get this call done before the remote review , which is on october 23rd . yes . and currently the slot has been picked for friday , october 11th at 10 prague time . and this is - so please , especially pervoice and alfaview , make sure , that you have this slot available . i know that that alfaview is is busy with many things , but armin , or daniel , or whoever . please , make sure , that andreas and france are available before for for this date . so this is- this is important . uhm , yeah . okay . and for the review meeting , there is a number of materials that we would like to prepare and that we would like to actually submit by - well at the end of october 8th or during october 9th or two weeks before the remote review . and these materials are financial status , the status on dissemination and the overall progress report . so for the financial status , i think that everybody has filled their data in . so i would just like to hear from you , that you think , that your data is is in . ( c ) there is still from alfaview we 're missing the estimates for month 18 . otherwise - ( a ) yeah , yeah . we are we 're sorry , we currently do n't have those because both friends and andreas are currently sick . ( b ) okay . ( a ) and i 'm usually not - i have n't joined a single call , so this is my first time and - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) so i 'm very sorry . so i just wanted to be here anyways . i do n't know where the rest of alfaview is in terms of project management . so , so sorry about that . i will tell friends and andreas about the - about october 11th and i 'll talk to the guys to get the - estimate it . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) i 'll make it ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . so please talk directly to tea about this so that we have these these numbers and we 'll process them . and if anything is unclear , we will ask the respective partner because we need to make sense of that and we need to present this at the remote review . and also maybe we would like to write it down in the progress report that we are submitting in in a week from now . yeah . okay . then the dissemination and communication activities . this is the continuous reporting spreadsheet . so if you look into that spreadsheet , there is a number of steps and one of those steps is called dissemination . and this is where we are gathering the non-paper , non non-scientific things . so this is often very hard to to collect from research partners because everybody is focused on the papers . so please think again , were have you presented elitr so far , where where you have mentioned that and fill this table . this is actually input for alfaview . because alfaview is is the kind of responsible for our dissemination activities . so alfaview will - should like make sure that this picture is is as complete as possible . and an interesting for the reviewers to to hear . so i 've said the date for this in 2 days from now , because i think that many of us have entered things there . if something is missing , well , we are just not selling what we have done . and that 's a pity , but it 's not too bad . so that 's why i 'm not like too stressed about the deadline in 2 days . but think , what you have done and please fill that table . ( c ) okay and that table has also the second part below . and some of you sometimes forget to sell the numbers about the people the amount of people who attended that event . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) so this do n't forget . ( b ) so that 's like an estimate of impact . so how you- how successful the the particular presentation was in terms of , well , people addressed . ( f ) and and how empty - and however we supposed to get this breakdown of them ? ( b ) well . ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i 'm i 'm just making it harder . ( f ) to make something up . ( b ) i 'm totally making it up , yes . because like i was - i added a column all last week . and this is - i was at the ( ? ? ) , i was presenting , i saw some people , who were clearly from the scientific community . there were - i knew it was like a festival that was also run for public . so i knew that there were some people like from the street , essentially , that i just made made up an estimate . ( f ) okay , alright . i i just discovered that 200 registered ( thematic ) forum . but ( ? ? ) obviously we 're getting a breakdown a bit difficult . ( b ) no . yeah , well . then - yeah . whenever - ( f ) more to more trouble than it 's worth really . ( b ) yeah . okay . so that 's that the that 's the dissemination , communication activities and then the progress report . thanks again everybody for writing , or many paragraphs and sections to that report . as of now we have about 23 sections , so so 23 pages . so that 's that 's reasonable . we will carefully reviewed review that . and one thing that i want to say is , that we will sub we will be submitting this at the end of october 8th . so in a week from now , or maybe the october of 9th , but not later . but what is missing is the publications , the scientific ones . so please enter your publications in standard bibtex format in section 9.2 into this overleaf . so this is something that you have valid . you have published many , many papers . whenever a paper acknowledge elitr , make sure to include bib entry and briefly comment in just one sentence , how the paper is related to the project . we will be doing this collection later on for the for the meet-project review in a proper way , where we will need also the pdfs , i guess . and and yeah - but for now , we just want to show off that we are working on the scientific part like diligently . so this is something , which is very much like up-to-date , ve- very much needed in the coming days . so please , do this . do any of finalization , any edits of the report that you would like to do by the end of the week , including sunday . so that we have one or two days to to polish each and submitted them . and then it already will be time to start preparing presentations for the remote review . as i said , the remote review will be in 2 , 3 , 3 weeks from now . so it 's in the agenda which is linked here below . there is- there are people nominated who are responsible for presenting . if you want someone else from your from your institution to present , just change the agenda . so do n't worry to change the agenda , but as long as your name is there , you 're responsible for making the slide . remember , therefore the slides we have some templates , both google slides and overleaf . so share whatever you like . we 'll we 'll probably send around a reminder with links like how to how to best prepare they at the slides , but the content is on you essentially . so regardless the template , please start collecting the the content . and most of the content is actually what it 's already written by you in the progress report . so that should not be too much work either , but it 's good to be ready for that . yes . so the the important - yeah . ( g ) will ( ? ? ) ? ( b ) sorry ? ( g ) is there template for the slides ? ( b ) yes , there is templates . there is either a google slide template for or overleaf template , so latex beamer template . so both is available and we will send the links to these - so maybe , maybe tea write down and tea finished before your prepares presentations . yeah , yeah . so cuni will send a reminder with the templates of the slides . yeah , so and this is for - okay , so now for the milestones . there is one milestone , which is which was due yesterday . and i did n't take it off . so let 's discuss this first if we can take it off . the milestone says initial asr systems and the initial asr systems should be available to the consortium . that 's a system available to the consortium . that 's like the means of verification . and there is no further details on this milestones anywhere in our description of work . so it 's up to us what we what we include as as the important part . we know that we need some of the languages . this is the set of languages that we need . we have english done , german is also available at karlsruhe , we have czech working some first version at charles university . so i would like you to to hear about the status of the other languages . ( g ) okay , so for french , spanish , italian , we have initial systems . french is terrible . ( b ) uhm . spanish is not as terrible , there is not too bad . and italian is someone between french and spanish . so it 's not as french ( ? ? ) . not as okay as spanish . ( b ) uhm , yeah , okay . ( g ) and russian we are left behind . my fault i just said , the data ( ? ? ) russians systems . ( b ) so you - so you 're working - you 're working on russian as well . ( g ) ( ? ? ) started russian as well . it 's - ( b ) yeah . so the question is , can we can we take the milestone off or should we delayed ? what what would you recommend ? ( g ) commonly it would ( search ) except we are find is a russian system , but it 's , you know , terribly outdated and we have n't connected it to the mediators yet . and i do n't think it 's worth di- digging of the old system , it 's probably better to - ( b ) to train the new one . ( g ) to train the new . but if you want to kick off the milestone , i mean , we can say we have the russians systems but - ( b ) yeah , yeah . i suggest - yeah . so i suggest that i take it because we - ( g ) let 's hope nobody wants to see this . ( b ) sorry , i did n't hear you well . ( g ) so if you want to take off the milestone , you can say we have a russian system and that 's all . nobody wants to see it . ( b ) yeah , yeah . okay , so i 'll i 'll suggest that i 'll take it off . we 're already one day late but yeah - let 's take it off . the milestone was not specific about the set of languages anyway . so this is - ( g ) that is you know ( leave ) out russian . ( b ) yeah . so well , it 's in - we know that the russian is the one of the languages that we promised to cover . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) but that 's not directly linked to the milestone . so that 's why we can be like no- not very specific about that . and i think that the set of language that we do have covered is sufficient for like a successful run for the eurosai congress . so i think that from this point of view , it 's okay to take the milestone off . so i 'll do that today . thank you . and for the milestone , which was supposed to be finished by the end of august , i would like to know this adjust from alfaview , because that that 's a pity that francis is sick . but i was hoping that we could run a demo session in alfaview platform now for everybody , who is running on windows so that we would see h- how like how far did you get , but yeah . so please let me know what is what is the status . ( b ) daniel - ( h ) i am talking ( ? ? ) . do you want to go ahead ? or should i ? ( a ) go ahead . ( h ) all right . so currently the status as we implement the translated or english as the language as you can select them on the web page . which one you want to select , which ones you want to have translated to . and you also have implemented to overlay in the client itself . so the languages get translated or get presented , then declined itself . whichever you chose on the web page you will have translated to . ( b ) yeah , so so from your point of view , it 's seems like finished . it 's translating and - ( a ) it 's been a rough deployment state . so it is deployed right now . we can show you . ( b ) uhm . ( a ) so the , ( ? ? ) company on production that you use , there 's three rooms . the first one translates to has translation enabled to english . the second one to german . and the third because we 're missing the client integration has both enabled . so it will be translated into both , which means you will see a mix of the spoken words interspersed in different messages . but for both languages and the integration that you can actually focus on the single language and switch between those is forthcoming . i do n't have an estimate on that . i just want to say that it 's on our radar to - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) to do that . and there 's currently not not everyone can edit those rooms , but france said to me that a sufficient amount of people have that ability . so we need to ( ? ? ) the permissions down on that so that there 's not a whole lot going on . and everyone is not just doing all 9 language- all 9 target languages in a single room are over ( ? ? ) and using all of the workers at the same time . so is in that state that we promise , even though it was a bit late - and we have to fix a couple of minor things , but each we should be able to to send out if you have the spoken language in your profile set correctly to the language that practically speaking . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) so that we could download that for you . yes . ( b ) okay , so that 's great . so let 's let 's please do the demo right after this call . and now we 're very optimistic that we could finish the call in 10 minutes from now . so we could we could then switch to the alfaview and i know that uedin will be not connecting . is there anyone else who is without windows machine so who can not see the demo ? i hope that pervoice can stay there . right ? are you - ? okay , that 's good . and also , maybe if felix or sebastian can stay there for karlsruhe . so that we know like what is the load on workers when when we run this demo . ( g ) it works ( micro ssl ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes . ( a ) yes . ( b ) yeah , okay . so that that 's that 's very good . so as of now , i 'm quite optimistic . i i i can not say at the moment yet , whether i will take off the the milestone also for for this slt and alfaview . but after the demo , i 'll i 'll let you know when i think it it could be it could be done . that could be - that will be great . ( a ) so what other operating sys sorry for barging in on . what are our operating systems are used like the linux ? ( b ) we need we need linux . we need linux . everybody need linux . ( f ) i think ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i always borrow a a special windows machine to make these calls . so i would also appreciate linux . okay , so here - so very good progress . we 'll do demo after the call and decide if to kick it off . ( a ) i 'm just going to go out on a ( ? ? ) and so we do have linux version . but you could use that for testing in this call . there is absolutely minus 100 percent support on any crashes that are going to be happening because of that . but i i think armin is already using it . so if you want to try that , we could give that to you . i 'm not sure if you were supposed to say that . so please - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) tell me that information any further . it 's on our radar , but we 're working on it . but it 's - yeah . ( b ) okay . ( a ) it 's just keep it on the download whoever once we can probably give that to you . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) that 's great . so i would i would like to get one and very probably two . ( f ) yeah , that would be useful , yeah . we have to install something i assume . ( h ) yes it 's in that the package . ( f ) okay , yeah . it 's no problem . ( h ) question would be - do i have your e-mail address ans somehow so i can make you ( ? ? ) the upload anyway yet . ( f ) you should - ( b ) le- let 's just write it down into the google doc . ( h ) oh , yeah . ( f ) good idea . good idea . ( b ) so . and then barry , if you can complete , so did i do n't - ( e ) oh , yeah , yeah . ( ? ? ) i 'll do that . ( b ) in edac uk right ? ( e ) yeah , that 's good to yeah . ( b ) okay , right . ( a ) we do n't have the self-destructing version that runs out in in two days or so . yeah , so . ( b ) that 's the reason why you must not that 's that 's that 's the - do n't worry , our machines fall apart by themselves , so it 's it 's safe in this ( ? ? ) . okay , so my last point is just a reminder of the deliverables . i 'm not reminding ourselves of the deliverables dude the end of the year . but the one deliverable which might be of interest because it 's very close to the view date is the 1 by the end of october . and the and that 's your own test sets . so i would like to - if the if the deliverable is in good shape , i would like to sedn- send it also to the reviewers on october 8th . it does n't have to be complete , it can be just a draft . and i think it is in the reasonably well written shape already . so maybe we - ( f ) . ( b ) yeah , okay . ( e ) no , actually it 's more or less ( ? ? ) at the moment . so there 's - ( b ) okay . ( e ) so there 's a more overleaf document with sections for people to fill in - ( b ) yeah . ( e ) who i contacted a few weeks ago . basically , nobody has done that yet , including myself . i have n't ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay , yeah , yeah . ( e ) i need to i need to chase people . so it 's a few different people need to contribute as fairly small amount of work . ( ? ? ) . ( f ) do you want ( ? ? ) . ( i ) ( ? ? ) sorry , yeah , sorry about ( michele ) . ( f ) yeah , sorry , you said you need to chase people . can we just consider them chase , now ? ( e ) a most of them are on this call . ( f ) okay , okay . ( b ) it 's like the technical people like jon\u00e1\u0161 and - ( e ) it 's mostly yeah , it 's mostly of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) ( ? ? ) . ( g ) am i only is anybody okay the on the list in need to chase ? ( e ) i know actually not - ( b ) probably not . ( e ) ( ? ? ) by kit on that work package , but if you if you know of something , then please to please to - ( b ) there is there is one thing which would be great . and sebastian i remember you send me an email awhile ago on the iwslt evaluation campaign and i have n't got to that yet . but i think it would be good if we included a section on like plans , what to you do with these test sets . and that would be on on you then on sebastian for the iwslt . so that 's - ( g ) one thing i 'm wondering about , is that it 's it 's not work . but ( ? ? ) things so these have be english - czech text translation task will be iwslt this year but - importantly , it 's it was n't ( ? ? ) i i i need to ( ? ? ) money , it was n't need to be done . by , you know , wa n't need done by elitr personal ( ? ? ) . but it was done because elitr ( ? ? ) and me had asked for it . i do n't know how to spell it . ( b ) well , it 's - i think it 's good to like repackage it so that you will clearly say that this was done by fbk but it fits the elitr set up . so we will also work with that . so it 's not it 's not clearly - ( g ) yeah , we can say , it was started by request of elitr . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so there will be - so please - yeah , maybe phil , can you had the overleaf link here ? so that sebastian also sees the the link . ( a ) yes , oh , you 'll find the email . ( b ) yeah , so that will be useful . and any case , we need to review this deliverable and the review should have ideally two weeks . so by mid october we should have the deliverable written and then by the end of october submitted . so , okay . i do n't see it a- as a realistic thing that we will have the deliverable by october 8. but the internal draft , finished draft should be ready by mid october , which is one week more . and if that looks good , we can send it to the reviewers like shortly before the review . so that they see that the upcoming deliverable is in is in good shape . ( i ) okay , that sound- sounds realistically . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so here is the already document and i 'll write down that internal deadline - mid october to accomplish internal review safely . do we have an internal reviewer nominated for this are not yet ? deliverables - we do n't have anyone reviewing this . so either it could be karlsruhe or it could be alfaview or p- pervoice . pervoice is not much involved in the content right ? i n- need someone technical , who will understand the importance of the test sets and yet who is not contributing much to the deliverable . so who who could that be ? would that be rather alfaview or rather pervoice ? or perhaps perhaps karlsruhe ? ( g ) it ( ? ? ) except me ( ? ? ) because i do n't think we have much time . ( a ) i could n't say anything about alfaview . not from - i do n't even know what this is about . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) sorry ( b ) so so it seems like ivan would be the best reviewer then . ( d ) well , actually , ah okay , yes . i myself or or ? - ( b ) or you know what ? you or chiara . ( d ) i think chiara maybe be suitable for this . i have to ask , of course . ( b ) well okay , yeah , yeah . so probably chiara if she is not too opposed . okay . ( f ) it should be a short deliverable , right ? ( b ) yes , yes , yes . ( f ) yeah , so it should n't be that hard to - i mean - yeah . not so much work to review it . ( b ) okay . and my question , my last point in the agent is something which i realized that i wanted to ask as well . if sebastian has any news on the tedx event in tren- event in trento . ( d ) we have no update on the site , so - ( b ) yeah , so so pro- yeah . so yeah , i ask wrong i ask the wrong person . i meant i meant pervoice yeah , sorry . ( d ) okay , sorry . yeah , i have literally no update on that . i can not say anything . i am not - let 's say i 'm not negotiating this in person and i have no report , yeah , sorry . ( b ) yeah , so it was - the idea was to run it like on the fringe of tedx with no direct link , with the tedx organizers just like being in front of their room and then doing the subtitling in many languages and going from italian . but that was an idea by dario and chiara . so neither of them is available . so ivan , please check with them if there is any update , please , let us know as soon as possible because it 's mid november , but still it involves travel and set up . so there will be some work . some preparation is necessary for that and italy asr will be needed . which is ( ? ? ) . ( g ) so so my question would be , can we - you had or pervoice has an asr we can use ? because i mean the italian - we fused that in the past . it 's not as bad as french , but it 's not - the most ( ? ? ) all we have . ( d ) we certainly have italian asr . so . we have a few running on ( ? ? ) mediator i think . well , i i have to ask . oh , well , or if should n't be a huge problem to use our translators , transcriptors sorry . yeah and i am aware that time is running out about tedx , but we are still trying to . it 's quite difficult actually to to get information from the organizators so - i was struggling to . ( b ) yeah , okay . thought , taken the notes on this . so is there anything else that we need to discuss ? i do n't think that that 's - ( g ) just one quick ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) to operate iwslt , i need to discuss what we would like to propose for the next evaluation . we have work team . at the end of october in hong kong where the student committee will take ( ? ? ) place . plus , the evaluation will be very early next year because it will be - it 's not going to be in conjunction with other ( ? ? ) because iwslt it 's going to be in ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( f ) i think you were talking about first quarter next year . ( g ) yeah - ( f ) i 'm going to see . so the the i have the camera i have open here . the camera ready for asl is - sorry , the workshop papers are due in april . yeah . okay so - ( g ) just one . okay , here we go so - ( f ) so we are gone . ( g ) so they they want to have that acl , exactly in seattle - and acl in seattle is going to happen - ( f ) in july . ( g ) in july so that means for the evaluation campaign , i mean , we can keep the evaluation . so we have to stick with the paper deadlines by then ? ( f ) em , more or less yes . i mean , we 've managed to push them back before two weeks maybe . it can be - ( ? ? ) about it . ( g ) yeah . so suddenly - and yeah , the beginning of july , july 5th . so we could do a deadline for the evaluation by end of may or something like that . i mean , the the scientific papers are nice . maybe we can negotiate with them , but they are technical papers for the system descriptions can be some later . but but non- nonetheless , it 's going to be much earlier next year than it was this year . ( b ) yeah . so they so this is already set . it 's already fixed that the iwslt - ( f ) ( b ) ( f ) it 's applied , yes , yes , yes . ( b ) it 's applied in that way . yes . so if they accept it , it will be in seattle in july . and did i understand correctly that the evaluation week would be by at the end of may right ? ( g ) no , i think it 's - ( b ) or earlier ? ( g ) or earlier . so the thing is if we have to stick with the paper submission deadlines , that means that by the end of april , things would have to be submitted . ( f ) yeah , for wmt we 're looking at an evaluation . we we 're with the mlp , we hope . but we 're looking at evaluation week at the end of may , beginning of june . ( g ) okay , so - ( f ) we should do beginning of june . ( b ) remember that - ( f ) i mean , sorry ? ( b ) that there is the eurosai congress . ( f ) there is the eurosai congress . i just saw that at my calendar . ( b ) ( f ) but i think we 're - yeah . our evaluation week is going to be around , then i do n't know . maybe we can have a little bit later . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) it 's probably wmt question . i do n't know . but - ( b ) yeah . ( f ) there is a potential collision there . i do n't know if it 's a serious collision . ( g ) but same way iwslt evaluation have sometimes ( ? ? ) . ( f ) spring , yeah . ( b ) so the question is , whether we can somehow modify or specify the iwst tasks so that they would directly help us for the eurosai congress . and this is something that i would like to see as as a bonus . so could we do this ? so what what is a set of languages and tasks covered there ? and this is very much linked to the to the test test sets that we are packaging just well for the end of october . ( g ) so basically , essentially , it will be whatever we will decide the next steering committee meeting at the end of october . and i will be the ( ? ? ) what in that meeting and - ( b ) okay . ( g ) ( ? ? ) advertise and push for whatever we decided by then and what i can offer . and that 's why i also put marcel- marcello in cc because marcello can also help to ( ? ? ) for whatever we would like have for elitr . and then of course , ( ? ? ) steering committee members that might have other plans . ( b ) uhm . ( g ) and for us anything that i can only do the lobbying and to push the committee . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) and we 'll see what we can ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so it 's important for me to respond to that email - ( g ) exactly . ( b ) and like , yeah , uhm . ( g ) and we n- we need to coordinate , to make sure that when i travel to hong kong end of october , that i have a package with me that i can present to them . as you know , elitr has the same time would like to do with this ( ? ? ) asia and i do n't know , maybe we can help with ( ? ? ) and data preparation and stuff like that . that makes an for interesting case . we can also maybe promise participation from the consortium . that 's also ( ? ? ) we could argument if we know that we will have participants ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uhm . yeah . okay . so we 'll i 'll keep an eye on this and i 'll make sure that we 'll make use of iwt iw iwslt in the best way that we can . okay , so that 's that 's important , thanks . any other of new pieces of information or things to consider ? if not , then i would like to thank everybody for joining this call . remember the deadlines in the very few days from now , the dissemination and the and the publications and any any edits that you would like to do or for the progress report . please keep checking your emails , be responsive because we will need to ask you maybe if or of some financial issues or some clarification issues in in the report when we are reviewing it . so please , please respond . we 'll be submitting all these things in a week from now . and now let 's let 's switch over to the alfaview . so so maybe can can alfaview still paste the link to somewhere at the top of this google doc or - yeah . so thanks for everybody . and i 'll keep running this pexip call until i 'm able to also start the alfaview call . but we are officially closed here and we are moving to the alfaview to see the demo . ( a ) all right . so the the link that is in the minutes in for wednesday , august 28th at at the second page of that google doc . ( b ) okay . ( a ) that is still active . you can still use that . ( b ) okay . ( a ) to join ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) hello see you soon . ( b ) yeah . ( h ) and as in a few more minutes to send you to the linux version of alfaview , but it should be there in a few minutes . ( b ) okay . still i just - ", "tgt": "too many goals were planned - division into the two more calls needed . a technical call for the second dry run in liberec - this afternoon at 1:00 p.m. of prague time . a call for minuting demonstrator . a slot will be on friday , oct 11 at 10:00 a.m. of prague time . by the october of 23rd , it must be figured out ( remote review ) . review meeting . to submit prepared materials at the end of october 8th / 9th . financial status - the data from alfaview for month 18 missing . the status of dissemination and communication activities . alfaview is responsible for the completeness of spreadsheet - to check it by oct 3 . the progress report . the date of submission - the end of october ( probably 8th / 9th ) . scientific publications missing - to enter it in standard bibtex format into the section 9 _ 2 . preparing of the presentation for remote review . templates for making slides - google slides and overleaf ( cuni will send a reminder with templates of the slides ) . initial asr systems should be available to consortium . to kick this point off . alfaview platform . in a rough deployment state . demo will be tested after this call , and then we decide if we keep it . for windows and linux . if it \u2019 s in good shape , it could be sent to the reviewers at oct 8. not complete , only draft is required . plans , what to do with these test sets . nobody has been nominated to review it . karlsruhe , alfaview or pervoice . probably chiara if she is not too opposed . tedx event updates . no any reports . italian asr will be needed - probably will be used asr from pervoice . iwslt evaluation . evaluation week should sometimes be in spring . modifications and specifications will be decided in the next steering committee meeting at the october ."}
{"src": "( b ) hello . can you hear me ? does it work ? ( d ) well , yes , i can hear you . ( b ) yes , excellent . works good . ( c ) hi . ( b ) hi . we have phil and phil probably mean barry as well ? ( e ) no , it 's just me , barry . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay it 's ( ? ? ) . yeah , okay . great . so , we have alfaview . we have pervoice . and ivan , you are the only one from pervoice , right , for today ? ( d ) yeah . ( b ) so are we waiting for anyone ? i do n't think so . i think that we are full . that we 're complete . is it okay . so thanks , everybody , for working hard on on the report and other things . and and the project ( ? ? ) and thanks for joining this call . this call is again being recorded for the purposes of our minuting . so i hope that you are fine with that . and let 's let 's move quickly to the agenda for today , which is in the google document . it was very messy still early in the morning , but we 've worked hard to to make some sense of that now . so please interrupt me at any stage and otherwise , i 'll try to be as quick as possible with this call because we have some things to to do to finish quickly . so the most important thing is that there is other calls . there was kind of too many goals planned . so it was confusing for everybody . but two more calls are planned . one is for this afternoon and that will be a technical call for the second dry run that we will do at in liberec . so there there there would be me , dominik , barry and phil , not chiara , if i 'm not mistaken . but ivan will be there , felix theisen and maybe maybe milo\u0161 could join . ( c ) milo\u0161 is coming . ( b ) milo\u0161 is is coming for the meeting . for the af ( c ) yes . ( b ) for the afternoon . yes , okay . yeah , so that will be good . and yeah . ( f ) sorry , andre , what time was that call at ? that ( ? ? ) is it ? ( b ) 1 prague time . ( f ) oh , it 's 1 prague time , okay . ( b ) so 12 in your time . that 's that 's 12 of your time . ( f ) that 's the ( ? ? ) after this one . sorry . ( b ) no , it 's not . there there is - ( f ) well , yeah , right . ( b ) but for you , that might be too early of of for lunch break . yeah , okay . ( f ) so yeah , okay . ( b ) so- sorry , i i am - yeah . okay , and the other call is for minuting demonstrator . and this is something that does n't need to be - anything does n't have to be developed , or car- carefully designed . but by the end of the year , we have to have a clear idea what the minuting demonstrator will be . and i would like to have a vague idea of this before we have the remote review . so that 's why i 'm i 'm trying to get this call done before the remote review , which is on october 23rd . yes . and currently the slot has been picked for friday , october 11th at 10 prague time . and this is - so please , especially pervoice and alfaview , make sure , that you have this slot available . i know that that alfaview is is busy with many things , but armin , or daniel , or whoever . please , make sure , that andreas and france are available before for for this date . so this is- this is important . uhm , yeah . okay . and for the review meeting , there is a number of materials that we would like to prepare and that we would like to actually submit by - well at the end of october 8th or during october 9th or two weeks before the remote review . and these materials are financial status , the status on dissemination and the overall progress report . so for the financial status , i think that everybody has filled their data in . so i would just like to hear from you , that you think , that your data is is in . ( c ) there is still from alfaview we 're missing the estimates for month 18 . otherwise - ( a ) yeah , yeah . we are we 're sorry , we currently do n't have those because both friends and andreas are currently sick . ( b ) okay . ( a ) and i 'm usually not - i have n't joined a single call , so this is my first time and - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) so i 'm very sorry . so i just wanted to be here anyways . i do n't know where the rest of alfaview is in terms of project management . so , so sorry about that . i will tell friends and andreas about the - about october 11th and i 'll talk to the guys to get the - estimate it . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) i 'll make it ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . so please talk directly to tea about this so that we have these these numbers and we 'll process them . and if anything is unclear , we will ask the respective partner because we need to make sense of that and we need to present this at the remote review . and also maybe we would like to write it down in the progress report that we are submitting in in a week from now . yeah . okay . then the dissemination and communication activities . this is the continuous reporting spreadsheet . so if you look into that spreadsheet , there is a number of steps and one of those steps is called dissemination . and this is where we are gathering the non-paper , non non-scientific things . so this is often very hard to to collect from research partners because everybody is focused on the papers . so please think again , were have you presented elitr so far , where where you have mentioned that and fill this table . this is actually input for alfaview . because alfaview is is the kind of responsible for our dissemination activities . so alfaview will - should like make sure that this picture is is as complete as possible . and an interesting for the reviewers to to hear . so i 've said the date for this in 2 days from now , because i think that many of us have entered things there . if something is missing , well , we are just not selling what we have done . and that 's a pity , but it 's not too bad . so that 's why i 'm not like too stressed about the deadline in 2 days . but think , what you have done and please fill that table . ( c ) okay and that table has also the second part below . and some of you sometimes forget to sell the numbers about the people the amount of people who attended that event . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) so this do n't forget . ( b ) so that 's like an estimate of impact . so how you- how successful the the particular presentation was in terms of , well , people addressed . ( f ) and and how empty - and however we supposed to get this breakdown of them ? ( b ) well . ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i 'm i 'm just making it harder . ( f ) to make something up . ( b ) i 'm totally making it up , yes . because like i was - i added a column all last week . and this is - i was at the ( ? ? ) , i was presenting , i saw some people , who were clearly from the scientific community . there were - i knew it was like a festival that was also run for public . so i knew that there were some people like from the street , essentially , that i just made made up an estimate . ( f ) okay , alright . i i just discovered that 200 registered ( thematic ) forum . but ( ? ? ) obviously we 're getting a breakdown a bit difficult . ( b ) no . yeah , well . then - yeah . whenever - ( f ) more to more trouble than it 's worth really . ( b ) yeah . okay . so that 's that the that 's the dissemination , communication activities and then the progress report . thanks again everybody for writing , or many paragraphs and sections to that report . as of now we have about 23 sections , so so 23 pages . so that 's that 's reasonable . we will carefully reviewed review that . and one thing that i want to say is , that we will sub we will be submitting this at the end of october 8th . so in a week from now , or maybe the october of 9th , but not later . but what is missing is the publications , the scientific ones . so please enter your publications in standard bibtex format in section 9.2 into this overleaf . so this is something that you have valid . you have published many , many papers . whenever a paper acknowledge elitr , make sure to include bib entry and briefly comment in just one sentence , how the paper is related to the project . we will be doing this collection later on for the for the meet-project review in a proper way , where we will need also the pdfs , i guess . and and yeah - but for now , we just want to show off that we are working on the scientific part like diligently . so this is something , which is very much like up-to-date , ve- very much needed in the coming days . so please , do this . do any of finalization , any edits of the report that you would like to do by the end of the week , including sunday . so that we have one or two days to to polish each and submitted them . and then it already will be time to start preparing presentations for the remote review . as i said , the remote review will be in 2 , 3 , 3 weeks from now . so it 's in the agenda which is linked here below . there is- there are people nominated who are responsible for presenting . if you want someone else from your from your institution to present , just change the agenda . so do n't worry to change the agenda , but as long as your name is there , you 're responsible for making the slide . remember , therefore the slides we have some templates , both google slides and overleaf . so share whatever you like . we 'll we 'll probably send around a reminder with links like how to how to best prepare they at the slides , but the content is on you essentially . so regardless the template , please start collecting the the content . and most of the content is actually what it 's already written by you in the progress report . so that should not be too much work either , but it 's good to be ready for that . yes . so the the important - yeah . ( g ) will ( ? ? ) ? ( b ) sorry ? ( g ) is there template for the slides ? ( b ) yes , there is templates . there is either a google slide template for or overleaf template , so latex beamer template . so both is available and we will send the links to these - so maybe , maybe tea write down and tea finished before your prepares presentations . yeah , yeah . so cuni will send a reminder with the templates of the slides . yeah , so and this is for - okay , so now for the milestones . there is one milestone , which is which was due yesterday . and i did n't take it off . so let 's discuss this first if we can take it off . the milestone says initial asr systems and the initial asr systems should be available to the consortium . that 's a system available to the consortium . that 's like the means of verification . and there is no further details on this milestones anywhere in our description of work . so it 's up to us what we what we include as as the important part . we know that we need some of the languages . this is the set of languages that we need . we have english done , german is also available at karlsruhe , we have czech working some first version at charles university . so i would like you to to hear about the status of the other languages . ( g ) okay , so for french , spanish , italian , we have initial systems . french is terrible . ( b ) uhm . spanish is not as terrible , there is not too bad . and italian is someone between french and spanish . so it 's not as french ( ? ? ) . not as okay as spanish . ( b ) uhm , yeah , okay . ( g ) and russian we are left behind . my fault i just said , the data ( ? ? ) russians systems . ( b ) so you - so you 're working - you 're working on russian as well . ( g ) ( ? ? ) started russian as well . it 's - ( b ) yeah . so the question is , can we can we take the milestone off or should we delayed ? what what would you recommend ? ( g ) commonly it would ( search ) except we are find is a russian system , but it 's , you know , terribly outdated and we have n't connected it to the mediators yet . and i do n't think it 's worth di- digging of the old system , it 's probably better to - ( b ) to train the new one . ( g ) to train the new . but if you want to kick off the milestone , i mean , we can say we have the russians systems but - ( b ) yeah , yeah . i suggest - yeah . so i suggest that i take it because we - ( g ) let 's hope nobody wants to see this . ( b ) sorry , i did n't hear you well . ( g ) so if you want to take off the milestone , you can say we have a russian system and that 's all . nobody wants to see it . ( b ) yeah , yeah . okay , so i 'll i 'll suggest that i 'll take it off . we 're already one day late but yeah - let 's take it off . the milestone was not specific about the set of languages anyway . so this is - ( g ) that is you know ( leave ) out russian . ( b ) yeah . so well , it 's in - we know that the russian is the one of the languages that we promised to cover . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) but that 's not directly linked to the milestone . so that 's why we can be like no- not very specific about that . and i think that the set of language that we do have covered is sufficient for like a successful run for the eurosai congress . so i think that from this point of view , it 's okay to take the milestone off . so i 'll do that today . thank you . and for the milestone , which was supposed to be finished by the end of august , i would like to know this adjust from alfaview , because that that 's a pity that francis is sick . but i was hoping that we could run a demo session in alfaview platform now for everybody , who is running on windows so that we would see h- how like how far did you get , but yeah . so please let me know what is what is the status . ( b ) daniel - ( h ) i am talking ( ? ? ) . do you want to go ahead ? or should i ? ( a ) go ahead . ( h ) all right . so currently the status as we implement the translated or english as the language as you can select them on the web page . which one you want to select , which ones you want to have translated to . and you also have implemented to overlay in the client itself . so the languages get translated or get presented , then declined itself . whichever you chose on the web page you will have translated to . ( b ) yeah , so so from your point of view , it 's seems like finished . it 's translating and - ( a ) it 's been a rough deployment state . so it is deployed right now . we can show you . ( b ) uhm . ( a ) so the , ( ? ? ) company on production that you use , there 's three rooms . the first one translates to has translation enabled to english . the second one to german . and the third because we 're missing the client integration has both enabled . so it will be translated into both , which means you will see a mix of the spoken words interspersed in different messages . but for both languages and the integration that you can actually focus on the single language and switch between those is forthcoming . i do n't have an estimate on that . i just want to say that it 's on our radar to - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) to do that . and there 's currently not not everyone can edit those rooms , but france said to me that a sufficient amount of people have that ability . so we need to ( ? ? ) the permissions down on that so that there 's not a whole lot going on . and everyone is not just doing all 9 language- all 9 target languages in a single room are over ( ? ? ) and using all of the workers at the same time . so is in that state that we promise , even though it was a bit late - and we have to fix a couple of minor things , but each we should be able to to send out if you have the spoken language in your profile set correctly to the language that practically speaking . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) so that we could download that for you . yes . ( b ) okay , so that 's great . so let 's let 's please do the demo right after this call . and now we 're very optimistic that we could finish the call in 10 minutes from now . so we could we could then switch to the alfaview and i know that uedin will be not connecting . is there anyone else who is without windows machine so who can not see the demo ? i hope that pervoice can stay there . right ? are you - ? okay , that 's good . and also , maybe if felix or sebastian can stay there for karlsruhe . so that we know like what is the load on workers when when we run this demo . ( g ) it works ( micro ssl ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes . ( a ) yes . ( b ) yeah , okay . so that that 's that 's very good . so as of now , i 'm quite optimistic . i i i can not say at the moment yet , whether i will take off the the milestone also for for this slt and alfaview . but after the demo , i 'll i 'll let you know when i think it it could be it could be done . that could be - that will be great . ( a ) so what other operating sys sorry for barging in on . what are our operating systems are used like the linux ? ( b ) we need we need linux . we need linux . everybody need linux . ( f ) i think ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i always borrow a a special windows machine to make these calls . so i would also appreciate linux . okay , so here - so very good progress . we 'll do demo after the call and decide if to kick it off . ( a ) i 'm just going to go out on a ( ? ? ) and so we do have linux version . but you could use that for testing in this call . there is absolutely minus 100 percent support on any crashes that are going to be happening because of that . but i i think armin is already using it . so if you want to try that , we could give that to you . i 'm not sure if you were supposed to say that . so please - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) tell me that information any further . it 's on our radar , but we 're working on it . but it 's - yeah . ( b ) okay . ( a ) it 's just keep it on the download whoever once we can probably give that to you . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) that 's great . so i would i would like to get one and very probably two . ( f ) yeah , that would be useful , yeah . we have to install something i assume . ( h ) yes it 's in that the package . ( f ) okay , yeah . it 's no problem . ( h ) question would be - do i have your e-mail address ans somehow so i can make you ( ? ? ) the upload anyway yet . ( f ) you should - ( b ) le- let 's just write it down into the google doc . ( h ) oh , yeah . ( f ) good idea . good idea . ( b ) so . and then barry , if you can complete , so did i do n't - ( e ) oh , yeah , yeah . ( ? ? ) i 'll do that . ( b ) in edac uk right ? ( e ) yeah , that 's good to yeah . ( b ) okay , right . ( a ) we do n't have the self-destructing version that runs out in in two days or so . yeah , so . ( b ) that 's the reason why you must not that 's that 's that 's the - do n't worry , our machines fall apart by themselves , so it 's it 's safe in this ( ? ? ) . okay , so my last point is just a reminder of the deliverables . i 'm not reminding ourselves of the deliverables dude the end of the year . but the one deliverable which might be of interest because it 's very close to the view date is the 1 by the end of october . and the and that 's your own test sets . so i would like to - if the if the deliverable is in good shape , i would like to sedn- send it also to the reviewers on october 8th . it does n't have to be complete , it can be just a draft . and i think it is in the reasonably well written shape already . so maybe we - ( f ) . ( b ) yeah , okay . ( e ) no , actually it 's more or less ( ? ? ) at the moment . so there 's - ( b ) okay . ( e ) so there 's a more overleaf document with sections for people to fill in - ( b ) yeah . ( e ) who i contacted a few weeks ago . basically , nobody has done that yet , including myself . i have n't ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay , yeah , yeah . ( e ) i need to i need to chase people . so it 's a few different people need to contribute as fairly small amount of work . ( ? ? ) . ( f ) do you want ( ? ? ) . ( i ) ( ? ? ) sorry , yeah , sorry about ( michele ) . ( f ) yeah , sorry , you said you need to chase people . can we just consider them chase , now ? ( e ) a most of them are on this call . ( f ) okay , okay . ( b ) it 's like the technical people like jon\u00e1\u0161 and - ( e ) it 's mostly yeah , it 's mostly of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) ( ? ? ) . ( g ) am i only is anybody okay the on the list in need to chase ? ( e ) i know actually not - ( b ) probably not . ( e ) ( ? ? ) by kit on that work package , but if you if you know of something , then please to please to - ( b ) there is there is one thing which would be great . and sebastian i remember you send me an email awhile ago on the iwslt evaluation campaign and i have n't got to that yet . but i think it would be good if we included a section on like plans , what to you do with these test sets . and that would be on on you then on sebastian for the iwslt . so that 's - ( g ) one thing i 'm wondering about , is that it 's it 's not work . but ( ? ? ) things so these have be english - czech text translation task will be iwslt this year but - importantly , it 's it was n't ( ? ? ) i i i need to ( ? ? ) money , it was n't need to be done . by , you know , wa n't need done by elitr personal ( ? ? ) . but it was done because elitr ( ? ? ) and me had asked for it . i do n't know how to spell it . ( b ) well , it 's - i think it 's good to like repackage it so that you will clearly say that this was done by fbk but it fits the elitr set up . so we will also work with that . so it 's not it 's not clearly - ( g ) yeah , we can say , it was started by request of elitr . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so there will be - so please - yeah , maybe phil , can you had the overleaf link here ? so that sebastian also sees the the link . ( a ) yes , oh , you 'll find the email . ( b ) yeah , so that will be useful . and any case , we need to review this deliverable and the review should have ideally two weeks . so by mid october we should have the deliverable written and then by the end of october submitted . so , okay . i do n't see it a- as a realistic thing that we will have the deliverable by october 8. but the internal draft , finished draft should be ready by mid october , which is one week more . and if that looks good , we can send it to the reviewers like shortly before the review . so that they see that the upcoming deliverable is in is in good shape . ( i ) okay , that sound- sounds realistically . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so here is the already document and i 'll write down that internal deadline - mid october to accomplish internal review safely . do we have an internal reviewer nominated for this are not yet ? deliverables - we do n't have anyone reviewing this . so either it could be karlsruhe or it could be alfaview or p- pervoice . pervoice is not much involved in the content right ? i n- need someone technical , who will understand the importance of the test sets and yet who is not contributing much to the deliverable . so who who could that be ? would that be rather alfaview or rather pervoice ? or perhaps perhaps karlsruhe ? ( g ) it ( ? ? ) except me ( ? ? ) because i do n't think we have much time . ( a ) i could n't say anything about alfaview . not from - i do n't even know what this is about . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) sorry ( b ) so so it seems like ivan would be the best reviewer then . ( d ) well , actually , ah okay , yes . i myself or or ? - ( b ) or you know what ? you or chiara . ( d ) i think chiara maybe be suitable for this . i have to ask , of course . ( b ) well okay , yeah , yeah . so probably chiara if she is not too opposed . okay . ( f ) it should be a short deliverable , right ? ( b ) yes , yes , yes . ( f ) yeah , so it should n't be that hard to - i mean - yeah . not so much work to review it . ( b ) okay . and my question , my last point in the agent is something which i realized that i wanted to ask as well . if sebastian has any news on the tedx event in tren- event in trento . ( d ) we have no update on the site , so - ( b ) yeah , so so pro- yeah . so yeah , i ask wrong i ask the wrong person . i meant i meant pervoice yeah , sorry . ( d ) okay , sorry . yeah , i have literally no update on that . i can not say anything . i am not - let 's say i 'm not negotiating this in person and i have no report , yeah , sorry . ( b ) yeah , so it was - the idea was to run it like on the fringe of tedx with no direct link , with the tedx organizers just like being in front of their room and then doing the subtitling in many languages and going from italian . but that was an idea by dario and chiara . so neither of them is available . so ivan , please check with them if there is any update , please , let us know as soon as possible because it 's mid november , but still it involves travel and set up . so there will be some work . some preparation is necessary for that and italy asr will be needed . which is ( ? ? ) . ( g ) so so my question would be , can we - you had or pervoice has an asr we can use ? because i mean the italian - we fused that in the past . it 's not as bad as french , but it 's not - the most ( ? ? ) all we have . ( d ) we certainly have italian asr . so . we have a few running on ( ? ? ) mediator i think . well , i i have to ask . oh , well , or if should n't be a huge problem to use our translators , transcriptors sorry . yeah and i am aware that time is running out about tedx , but we are still trying to . it 's quite difficult actually to to get information from the organizators so - i was struggling to . ( b ) yeah , okay . thought , taken the notes on this . so is there anything else that we need to discuss ? i do n't think that that 's - ( g ) just one quick ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) to operate iwslt , i need to discuss what we would like to propose for the next evaluation . we have work team . at the end of october in hong kong where the student committee will take ( ? ? ) place . plus , the evaluation will be very early next year because it will be - it 's not going to be in conjunction with other ( ? ? ) because iwslt it 's going to be in ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( f ) i think you were talking about first quarter next year . ( g ) yeah - ( f ) i 'm going to see . so the the i have the camera i have open here . the camera ready for asl is - sorry , the workshop papers are due in april . yeah . okay so - ( g ) just one . okay , here we go so - ( f ) so we are gone . ( g ) so they they want to have that acl , exactly in seattle - and acl in seattle is going to happen - ( f ) in july . ( g ) in july so that means for the evaluation campaign , i mean , we can keep the evaluation . so we have to stick with the paper deadlines by then ? ( f ) em , more or less yes . i mean , we 've managed to push them back before two weeks maybe . it can be - ( ? ? ) about it . ( g ) yeah . so suddenly - and yeah , the beginning of july , july 5th . so we could do a deadline for the evaluation by end of may or something like that . i mean , the the scientific papers are nice . maybe we can negotiate with them , but they are technical papers for the system descriptions can be some later . but but non- nonetheless , it 's going to be much earlier next year than it was this year . ( b ) yeah . so they so this is already set . it 's already fixed that the iwslt - ( f ) ( b ) ( f ) it 's applied , yes , yes , yes . ( b ) it 's applied in that way . yes . so if they accept it , it will be in seattle in july . and did i understand correctly that the evaluation week would be by at the end of may right ? ( g ) no , i think it 's - ( b ) or earlier ? ( g ) or earlier . so the thing is if we have to stick with the paper submission deadlines , that means that by the end of april , things would have to be submitted . ( f ) yeah , for wmt we 're looking at an evaluation . we we 're with the mlp , we hope . but we 're looking at evaluation week at the end of may , beginning of june . ( g ) okay , so - ( f ) we should do beginning of june . ( b ) remember that - ( f ) i mean , sorry ? ( b ) that there is the eurosai congress . ( f ) there is the eurosai congress . i just saw that at my calendar . ( b ) ( f ) but i think we 're - yeah . our evaluation week is going to be around , then i do n't know . maybe we can have a little bit later . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) it 's probably wmt question . i do n't know . but - ( b ) yeah . ( f ) there is a potential collision there . i do n't know if it 's a serious collision . ( g ) but same way iwslt evaluation have sometimes ( ? ? ) . ( f ) spring , yeah . ( b ) so the question is , whether we can somehow modify or specify the iwst tasks so that they would directly help us for the eurosai congress . and this is something that i would like to see as as a bonus . so could we do this ? so what what is a set of languages and tasks covered there ? and this is very much linked to the to the test test sets that we are packaging just well for the end of october . ( g ) so basically , essentially , it will be whatever we will decide the next steering committee meeting at the end of october . and i will be the ( ? ? ) what in that meeting and - ( b ) okay . ( g ) ( ? ? ) advertise and push for whatever we decided by then and what i can offer . and that 's why i also put marcel- marcello in cc because marcello can also help to ( ? ? ) for whatever we would like have for elitr . and then of course , ( ? ? ) steering committee members that might have other plans . ( b ) uhm . ( g ) and for us anything that i can only do the lobbying and to push the committee . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) and we 'll see what we can ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so it 's important for me to respond to that email - ( g ) exactly . ( b ) and like , yeah , uhm . ( g ) and we n- we need to coordinate , to make sure that when i travel to hong kong end of october , that i have a package with me that i can present to them . as you know , elitr has the same time would like to do with this ( ? ? ) asia and i do n't know , maybe we can help with ( ? ? ) and data preparation and stuff like that . that makes an for interesting case . we can also maybe promise participation from the consortium . that 's also ( ? ? ) we could argument if we know that we will have participants ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uhm . yeah . okay . so we 'll i 'll keep an eye on this and i 'll make sure that we 'll make use of iwt iw iwslt in the best way that we can . okay , so that 's that 's important , thanks . any other of new pieces of information or things to consider ? if not , then i would like to thank everybody for joining this call . remember the deadlines in the very few days from now , the dissemination and the and the publications and any any edits that you would like to do or for the progress report . please keep checking your emails , be responsive because we will need to ask you maybe if or of some financial issues or some clarification issues in in the report when we are reviewing it . so please , please respond . we 'll be submitting all these things in a week from now . and now let 's let 's switch over to the alfaview . so so maybe can can alfaview still paste the link to somewhere at the top of this google doc or - yeah . so thanks for everybody . and i 'll keep running this pexip call until i 'm able to also start the alfaview call . but we are officially closed here and we are moving to the alfaview to see the demo . ( a ) all right . so the the link that is in the minutes in for wednesday , august 28th at at the second page of that google doc . ( b ) okay . ( a ) that is still active . you can still use that . ( b ) okay . ( a ) to join ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) hello see you soon . ( b ) yeah . ( h ) and as in a few more minutes to send you to the linux version of alfaview , but it should be there in a few minutes . ( b ) okay . still i just - ", "tgt": "initial systems ( french , spanish , italian ) . set of languages sufficient for succesful eurosai congress . time is running out about tedx . evaluation will be very early next year . fixed iwslt . initial asr systems - > available to consortium ( due 30 . 09 . 2019 ) . remote review ( 21 . 10 . 2019 ) . send deliverable to reviewers ( 8.10.2019 ) . reminder of deliverables ( due 31 . 12 . 2019 ) . evaluation deadline ( 31 . 05 . 2020 ) ."}
{"src": "( ch ) hi . hi , tea . ( t ) hi , how are you ? good morning . ( ch ) good morning . i 'm , well , fine . ( t ) yes . ( ch ) you know . and you ? ( t ) i 'm also at home . but , ehm , the czech republic government , they already lifted the lifted the rules . so , ehm , from this monday we can actually go out even if it 's not like the necessity . it the meetings of spent up to 10 people are allowed . ( ch ) ha . so here in italy , we have to wait until the 4th may , some commercial activity can already be open . but we think that we have to wait until june for the free circulation of people . and fortunately , starting from the 4th june we are allowed to ( reach ) our family . if it 's in the same region . ( t ) ehm . ( ch ) and so finally , i do we reach my parents . we live in two different cities . because i 'm in trento and my family is in bolzano . which is pretty near 50 kilometres . but , but - ( t ) so you 're looking forward . ( ch ) yeah , exactly . hi guys , good morning . ( t ) hi . ( p ) morning . ( t ) so i went to the park yestreday and i was really happy . i mean i kept my distance from everyone but like it was green there . so it was - . ( f ) you ca n't go to the to the forest ? ( t ) hmm ? ( f ) you ca n't just go to the forest or something ? ( t ) well , the rules changed here and since this monday we ca n't go out even if it is not like the most necessary groceries or stuff like this , and - . ( f ) okay . ( t ) yeah , yeah , so - . ( f ) and thank we are able to go out to the forest , whenever we wanted . ( t ) yes , but if you are in the city then you have to somehow get to the forest , so - . ( d ) hello everybody . ( ch ) hi dario . ( t ) hi . ( ch ) welcome . ( o ) hello . do you hear me ? ( t ) hi . yes . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) sorry for the delay . so , am i the last one ? ( t ) probably yes , because alfaview , adelaide and ( armin ) said that they have the call so they ca n't join ours . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( t ) and alfaview is not coming . ( o ) yeah . so we have every partner a partner from everywhere that thats great . thanks for joining . so this is again one of our regular calls . there will be , before the summer , there will be at least one more , uh , in may know , two more actually one in may and one in june , and - let maybe tea should start with the administrative part . yeah . so , tea , can you ? you know the regular day then all this - ( t ) okay , so , we nee- , alex told us they will have to postpone one of our regular meeting . and she asked us about date . so i already set it up , right . not many people voted in that doodle . so please vote for the postpone review . it should be in september . i know that nobody knows so litheraly if will be able to travel somewhere , and it looks like that it will be just online meeting . but , anyway just vote in a doodle so i can get alexandre some dates . so , just do your best estimates for september . and that 's it for that . we have we will have eh couple of deliverables due in june . i 've link there in the in that google sheet we have for tricking hour like deliverables or some - . we have the links for overview . so for these six up coming once you can basically start working on them . we have n't decided who will be our internal review person for any of them . ( o ) which is a good opportunity to choose them now . ( t ) yes . so just have a look . and if it 's not your deliverable and you would like to read it . ( o ) so we will be contribute - . so i think that the the two point one , the initial asr systems edinburgh is not providing in asr system . and that 's a technical we are providing some . so it will be good if if edinburgh review that . so actually barry the - . the volunteer should be entered in the continues reporting . she not not in this table just copy copy-pasted . ( t ) you can you can enter it here and i will just put it into the right place . you can just - . ( b ) okay , i 'm gon na last review the summarization . but generally , there asr also interesting for me . so probably put down barry ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . so i do n't know , who should we the summarization eh review . then that 's another . ( b ) ehmm . ( o ) so - ( b ) i think we 're not contributing that do n't know ( facts ) . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) there we should would n't not this ( age ) . ( p ) okay , i would be happy to review ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay , ( rage ) . what can we review ? is there anything that we can review ? ( b ) that 's a problem we contribute everything . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) and for this d7 2 do i understand correctly , tea , please correct me . i think that we should ask for an extension for this deliver because congress has not taken place . ( t ) yes . ( o ) so actually , i hope that this one will not be needed . so - . ( t ) yes , we will have to chec- check it . ( b ) so , who is gon na review three point one , cause i 'm hoping that ( ? ? ) only the universe is contributing three point one . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( b ) so maybe maybe pervoice would be just a placed . ( o ) exactly , yeah . because pervoice is also developing their own systems in this area . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) there - . so it would be great if pervoice did it . ( b ) yeah . ( ch ) okay , you can sign - ( d ) let me down the check , okay ? ( o ) ehm . ( ch ) ah , okay . ( o ) so dario should we list your name or not ? or you will let us know ? ( d ) eh , i will let you know . ( o ) yeah , okay . so lets put dario with two question marks . okay . and then , then the management guy - . ( t ) well , i think i could i could - . well , the dissemination activities i could do that but if we are not - . but i 'm also doing the ( dissemination ) on the web and stuff like that . ( o ) hmm , i do n't think there will be too too much of a problem . so i think that that that little should be like cross reviewed between alfaview and us . so we should review what they wrote and they should review what we wrote . ( t ) okay , okay . ( o ) so , tea , write yourself as the reviewer and - ( t ) so i ( ? ? ) tea plus ( adelhaid ) . ( o ) yeah , and i have no idea of this project management guide is again . ( t ) i 'm - ( o ) i think that will be checked an update . ( t ) no no , there is no , there was n't any , anything like that before . ( o ) oh , this is the - . ( t ) sum it - . and this is the first one . so i 'm apparently writing it . ( o ) okay . ( t ) and it will be a lot of lot of words about nothing but yes . yes . so who wants who wants to read a fairy tale . ( o ) so the the best position would be i think edinburgh , because they have coordinated a number of projects . ( b ) i 'm much rather read about asr systems . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( b ) yeah , not that keen radio to built this . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) i could , you know , i could say we have after to if it 's not many words . tea said it 'll be lots of words . ( o ) yes , tea , please cut down the number of words . ( t ) like errors , i think errors soon are on top idea what to write there . so it wo n't be really long . ( b ) okay . but maybe - . ( o ) but there must be , there must be some project management guide from previous project . ( t ) i do n't have it . so if you do you send to me . ( b ) i , i do not know , i think we managed to avoid such thing before . ( t ) why do we have it even ? ( b ) even i do remember writing it on , mm-hmm . ( o ) was n't there anything like that from qt21 for example ? i 'll search . ( t ) yesterday i search in ( sigma ) like what is the description of this of this deliverable , and it says just czech management guide . there is no description . ( b ) and this is the first iteration of that , is it ? ( t ) yes . it is . ( b ) and how it could be managing without project management guide so far we do n't - . 15 months one . yeah , yeah . ( t ) i mean , with ond\u0159ej we are awsome obviously . we can manage the project you remind found the guide . ( o ) yeah , it 's just a party , is they do do what they 're expected to do even without the managing them . ( f ) an exercise is so organized . ( o ) yeah , exactly , that 's that 's what phil philip can has always said i also believe in selforganization . hm so qt21 does n't seem to have this . they have this period reports and data management plans but not the project management guides . ( t ) and and ( ? ? ) ( b ) i do n't remember such a thing , no . ( o ) so it probably it was copy-pasted from something from somewhere . and no whatever - ( b ) yeah , i do n't remember . ( t ) okay , anyway , i 'll write something and someone then will review it . ( o ) so another thing is like who would like to coordinate future projects . those people should also have some a little incentive to to read it . so is any partner planning to do like start - . who was not coordinated the projects yet . we could even ask alfaview to to review that because there - . so that they would finally know what like what these eu projects are about . yeah . ( t ) okay , we can decided slowlier . ( o ) yeah . so it is important that they do start writing and the the due date has not been shifting . so that would be the end of june . so the internal reviews should be ready by mid june at the latest . so that we have two weeks to finish that . ( b ) can you give us a date ? mid june seems kind of late . ( o ) okay , yes , exactly . yeah , let 's do it earlier . ( b ) especially things usually slept . ( o ) yep , yeah , yeah . so the 8th , the 8th of june . ( b ) yeah , that sounds fine . ( o ) so that should be the end of the review , kind of , right ? or no . it shou- no , sorry , sorry . yeah , yeah . the beginning , the beginning . this should be delay . yeah , yeah . ( b ) it is the draft . ( o ) first draft , yes , but complete draft . yeah , so then you basically have a week reviewer two week to fix it . ( o ) exactly yeah . ( b ) and a week for no further every week spare - ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) for for final tracks from the coordinator . ( o ) yeah , okay , that looks good . so , then the milestone . so the previous milestones of talk to alexander in the e-mail that you seen that of the milestones claiming that we have all the complete set up for eurosai congress , which technically we have . so , yeah . and there is one more milestone , the congress . and alexander said that there is no need to like think that of specifically , because , well , it wo n't happen yet . so we will take it off in that year from from now . so - ( t ) yes and another ehmm . another another the most earlier milestone is in december . so - do we find ( ? ? ) have anyone milestone in december . and there will be as effort put the the one more deliverable . that will be due in the end of august . and that 's the year 2 test set . so , that will be - . ( o ) yeah . so the test sets , this is something that we are building . but unfortunately , the the colleague of mine who is supposed to be responsible for this is extremely slow . we call it the elitr test sets . so it is , i think the the main responsible for this deliverable is edinborough , right ? ( t ) mm-hmm . ( o ) yeah . so phil please , i have started this elitr test sets some time ago . you know , where the repository lives . so please pick up on that , and hopefully will not be like too confused from the layout of the of that test set and also that you would not disagree too much with the ambition that i have there . so it 's , so this is this is technical thing no that me and phil should discuss . but uh , like my my idea is that we should have this populated and described by the august date . so that the we can then easily like submit as a deliver . so if the if you want test sets are not part of this yet and i think they should be . uh , so wish put them in , and we should put all the other languages , and and everything . and we should also tested with our pipelines regularly . and the layout for for those who are not following these details these the layout of the test sets is that - . it 's many documents , uh , and depending on the availablity of the document . some of the languages are available . sometimes it 's also asr test set . so , sometimes there is also the speech . sometimes that just runs quick . sometimes there is , there is the - . eeeh , that that will sangeet , sorry . there is another meeting happening and i ca n't answer him now - . so , it is and kind of assorted collection of documents in terms of languages , and like modality the speech , or or the text . and whenever someone wants to test against it . they will select a subset of files which have the require set of languages . so the test sets consists of these raw documents , obviously , curated to to serve well , linebay , segmented , everything . but the actual set of documents that you will test against will depend on the set of languages that you want to test . so the part of this repository is directory of file lists . and these file lists are then the subset of of that . ( b ) so this is the wmt 20 elitr test you are talking about , or ? ( o ) no . ( b ) no , sorry . ( o ) this is , this is elitr test set . do you see that ? ( b ) got it . ou , yeah . ( o ) so please , this is like the the starting point . and i have atul atul just should be really of like of coordinating annotators . the annotators are searching for ( poll ) documents and in many of the languages . we 've asked that we have to have included more people we have any more people to the language map . and we have short term agreements with them . unfortunately , atul is not ( feeding ) them with the prepared automatically paralyzed files . uh , so that they would review them , because he is very slow , and he is also not soliciting new links from them . so that is it is . it is a growing much slower than i wanted to . we have enough time for august . but if we were really wanting this for the eurosai congress we will be in in a bit of trouble . ( b ) so wa- was the august the august just the ( low ) deliverable of the year 2 test set , is that right ? ( o ) yes . ( t ) ehm . ( b ) yeah , okay . and these are , okay - so these are documents or sentences or speech . it is everything really ? ( o ) yeah , yeah . it is everything , but if everything is curated . so it is like constraint , when when when finished , they all should be curated for the part- particle purpose . so if it 's the speech type of test set . it will be the sound , and the transcript with timestamps of individual words . that 's what we are trying . we called it forced alignment . sometimes we have to do it manually because the the the forced alignment automatic one fails . and if it 's the machine translation test set then it 's the standard ( poll ) think , ideally documents . we are trying to have documents , but sometimes it is the line oriented . so it needs to some still some clarification , like how do we like name the files . and then there is the file lists . and ideally , there would be automatic checks so that the everybody could check out this repository and run these checks . and then uh , with uh . it would check the number of lines , the the length of the non emptiness , and everything all the format things . and also it would automatically be able to create the file lists . so the file list should be essentially like ( fine graph ) . uh , you you for those who like a clever ( fine graph ) so that you list all the files , and check that you have all the languages that you want . and with this ( fine graph ) the result of the set of files that that you can test on . and that should be stored there as a fixed file list , so then in order to evaluate with the test set you would say i 'm for the evaluation i use this particular version of my model , whatever , and i use this commit id of elitr test set with this file list . and that uniquely defines what is what is the test set . and obviously , some of these subsets would be like stable ones . so that we we would really have like there could be a file list cord called year 2 slt test set . and year 2 empty test set and year 2 asr test set . but that it would gradually grow as we will be covering more and more languages . ( b ) mm-hmm . yeah . okay . ( o ) so it 's - it can be seen as an overkill but - ( b ) and could be so suffered text to text can i do someone like sacrebleu or use well . ( o ) so this is this defines just the data and not the evaluation metric and that 's a separatelly . ( b ) that , that and some some as a true , um , but sacrebleu has a way to just yet be a text . ( o ) so that would be a nice extension of sacrebleu , so that we could like add like flac to sacrebleu elitr test set and then the the file list name uh , and it would do automatical downloaded and it would put the commit id the current commit id into the fingerprint . ( b ) yeah , and i , i have observed that max apps test sets really quickly to sacrebleu . okay , yeah , um , whether he was not all test set from alexandr . i 'm not sure . ( f ) ( ? ? ) i mean , it 's a little . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and so so the i think it would be better to kind of avoid forks , because then the versioning is is confused . but i 'm totally agree that the public use of these test sets , the should be limited to few of those . and i think that the file list are the concept to use for this . so the the file list , and uh , that there should be only 3 at most 3 file lists that are interesting for the general public . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) but we need , whatever we need the particle , computational linguistics domain . we need the auditing domain . we need the text audits versus speech audits domain . ( b ) hmm . ( o ) so i think that for the for the general public there should be just at most 3 file lists . they could grow in time , the fingerprint would then it clearly indicate which which version was used . and it would be downloadable by sacrebleu automatically . i ca n't hear you . there u- something happen . yeah . ( b ) yeah . yeah . that all seems good . emm , i mean , i mean , the sacrebleu , i mean , i was insane added sacrebleu . i just mean this kind of approach is very useful cause it makes it very easy . ( o ) yeah . so for the evaluation it 's for the tool , we 're still working on the sltf , which is a private repository and you can see it , but it will be public wants finally finalize it . and it 's it is now under like have it testing for the audible slt share task evaluation . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , we will know how the various scores behave . and it 's this is geared towards the evaluation of spoken language translation , and it has kind of a mode , where does n't need a translation . so it 's only asr evaluation . the sltf , ideally would be the sacrebleu for spoken english translation . ( b ) yeah , okay . i mean that - . this is more interesting to me , because mean , essentially , i know i know how to text evaluation marks . and i know that 's you just have some test sets you run you run whatever . spoken language translation is a bit more but nearer to me . and then we have these these problems are and simultaneous translation . yeah , of an effect on the button translation . ( d ) ( ? ? ) people i try to reconnecting if you needs . ( o ) okay . yeah . felix . yeah , felix please go on . ( f ) ( ? ? ) spoken translation evaluation effect to reward the same unless you need ( ? ? ) symetrics . ( o ) we do include latency . so sltf does include delay and latency and and also the well the wasted effort . so there is two measures of wasted effort . ( f ) i have n't done that task on iwslt to you - ( o ) so - ( f ) it was boring thing integrate the model itself to the wrong model and and watch the output or - . ( o ) no it trust it trust the it trust the time stamps given by the participants . and in our case , we actually all we said that the primary evaluation will be the translation quality , and the asr and translation quality regardless the delaying . so we also have submissions who do not include any time stamps , uh , the the the others . so it is like a secondary thing . it was not not a requirement for the audible slt task this year . but i can imagine then in the next year , we would maybe even try running the model , so that this is a this is hard to run the models . but maybe we would really force everyone to submit time stamp information . ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) so this is , for us , we need it in any case . so the sltf should serve us like what is ideal set up . evaluating latency . ( f ) yeah , i have strong preference not to submit my model to eh - ( o ) ehmm . ( f ) to organizers to run it for one , because the unpublished code - ( o ) yeah . ( f ) because it 's python code i have no choice , but to send the actual source code . and yahoo it 's not a problem and ( ? ? ) , i would prefer just send the sour- eh the lock file we have to do , because with the something in translation task and probably the slt and i was not able do that . ( b ) okay , but i mean , i mean how ( else ) to you - . i mean if you want to save varieties these places is cautios so now , do you ? how do you set this up ? ( f ) i mean , so used that 's for lock former time stamps ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , this is exactly what we did for these for desirability to tasks it . it is quite clear , this cries what the lock file should n't lying . ( b ) mm-hmm . ( o ) and then you trust the the participants . ( f ) yeah . ( o ) and there could be many lay - . so this is all is risky with the lock files , because people still can misinterpret what time stamps should they use . so we try to be very clear about like this is the time when the the award was starting to be authored . this is the time when the word stopped to be authored . and this is the time when its asr was available like printed on the screen for the user . and this is the time when the translation appeared on screen for the user . but people can misinterpret and also the the forced alignment that we 're running . eh , so so the so the the one people misinterpret it then someone 's results can be like shifted in bad ways . so these measures will be always on the reliable , the only way to to do the comparison really fairly is to run the models or a serve the model . so that people with real life , receive the the sound , and they would like in in in ( actual ) networks sockets provide the the outputs . so this would be the only reliable way to to measure that . the the extra thing that i wanted to mention is that the forced alignment , which find the words in the in the sound is not reliable for us either . so sometimes it is really shifted . sometimes it is towards the ends of the word . sometimes it is toward the beginning of the words . it 's in your own network model that like attention somewhat flows . it 's not attention but it still somewhat floats , floats around . and the the the only thing that the one can say to this is the this at least affects everybody the same way . when people misinterpret what the locks should be . then everybody 's like each party is affected in a different way , and that 's bad for the for the evaluation . but i think that 's like that just life . so i think it is , it is quite easy to proceed with a with these limitations and what the set up . so so the so edinburgh people please review the elitr test set , as i set it up and please contribute to it in any possible way . you remember that some at the several months ago of of suggested that you can ask your students and and barry said that well we can not expect volunteers eeh possibly paid volunteers or non-paid volunteers that that makes some different , but not to it to to just do slavery task on the data . maybe you can find someone who can do it if you can paid them . that 's okay , i 'm not curious . ( b ) is that reminded the task is one is cur- is checking the translations are making translations . ( o ) we do both so . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so well , we we plan to do both we . we try to uh , find , and the and the revised translations . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and and this , if i was correct tea i do not know whether you have double checked my numbers . but it turns , it seems that finding and curating is have the price when we pay what we pay to our annotators normally compared to like the professional translation . so there is some reduction of costs but is - it 's not like it does n't come for free anyway . ( b ) no , no ( o ) one could , one could - yeah , it is war . and one one could just trust the automatic processing and maybe use some quality automatic quality measures . so one could could cut it down further . but for now , i prefer , especially because is this kind of obscure languages . i prefer to find people who actually speak them , and i preferred them to to find the related data sets . but if we are unable to to find speech domain and auditing domain ( ? ? ) . then indeed , we will ask the people to find these text monolingually and translated maybe back to czech . so do manual back translation to czech . this is the the wrong direction of translation . but it 's the it 's more reliable with respect the domain of interest . ( b ) in in terms of finding the translation i mean we and ( fell ) commending bob davis . we made some progress in getting translations out of the auditing websites , ehmm . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and that if that is what ( ? ? ) for protests about is nonspeech segments , that some text insistent . this is that . ( o ) yeah . so this is relevant . and this is this is what we really should do . uh , the current people , those that we have have just like signed up work agreements , the short term contracts with uh , our four languages , which are not well represented there , so far . but we also want to do it for the well represented languages , because we should we should cover them as well . so so atul sh- atul has , for example , link to one great site of of speeches and he should run by textor and they - ( b ) we can also work on this and for a lot of irish state . if you are under represent to ( languages ) . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) the irish supreme auditor , apparently translates lot everything into irish . ( o ) okay . ( b ) and does n't very - it was n't very structured , while i was n't eh - . ( p ) yeah , we got , ehm , what was there ? and ten tens of thousands of sentences i think . yeah . ( o ) ehm . ( b ) we assume that irish was not huge priority for the project , um . but yeah . ( o ) well , irish is equally equal priority with as other languages . ( b ) eh yeah , currently . yeah . ( o ) yeah , well , the project was started when the eu still existed . so we will see what happened . yeah , yeah . ( t ) okay , there is one more point and we promised half hour call so . ( o ) yes , so exactly - ( b ) right . ( o ) yes , with this is that the finishes , the set of feel free to step in , and whatever you can do for atul that will help us then the next person when atul is still not like woken up is daniel such\u00fd who is now finishing the overview of the audible slt test set . and he will be moving to to to these like supervision and managing the the annotators for the elitr test set if if atul does n't start really . and , but feel free to step in and provide feedback on the layout , upload data sets everything . so let 's let 's get this grow . and if we if we do this over the following couple of weeks . then and if we test with these test sets then it will be very easy to do ( ? ? ) for august . yeah . and the last point now , that 's the demo . so here i would i was i was hoping that dario would would reconnect by this time . and yes maybe he is here . i 'm not sure . ( d ) yes i 'm here . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so would it be possible that that pervoice would would like manage and make sure that this demo is delivered ? as as the integration part . obviously , like it 's we will be sangeet will be running the systems . but i i need someone to to make sure that these things happen . because i 'm like overloaded and you 're only integration partner . so that 's that 's the the general question at the beginning . and maybe let 's wait with the answer until i tell you whatever we know about this . uh , there is no particular requests for the scenario . as far as i know alexander has just answered and they have also provided some feedback and that 's interesting for everybody . so they ve they 've reminded us off bbc guidelines and standards for subtitling , which we are aware off , but they are not reflected in our systems in in any way . and then the better captioning or as spoken text translation ehm on screen will make better translation and readability , recomposing sentence on the fly my ( ethic liability ) . so so in a sense this is not the first time i hear that the users are always afraid of what karlsruhe is working on for for the past years . so karlsruhe has been working on this retranslation approach . and the users seem to uh , to prefer a delay . ( ? another language ? ) ty bu\u010f zticha . jo , ty neru\u0161 . co pot\u0159ebuje\u0161 ? co\u017ee ? \u0159ekni . sundat povle\u010den\u00ed . jo , potom , prosim t\u011b . to zvl\u00e1dnem pozd\u011bjc . zkus to ty . ( ? another language ? ) yeah , okay , so so maybe maybe karlsruhe has already experience with defending their approach to the users . i keep - ( b ) this is the segmentation as opposed to the , you mean , the segmentation and - ( f ) asr have focused on resending . ( b ) ahh , okay , the retranslation , right . ( o ) the retranslation , yes . i think the users are afraid of retranslation because we were not able to hide it sufficiently . if we are able to make the retranslation stable . then the users will not complain . ( b ) yeah , i mean , we 've been ( ? ? ) we can certainly improve the stability . um , i 've only tested this simulator asr which talking this morning about trying to get more testing the asr . yeah , if you 're doing retranslation you 're never going to be up to completely make it stable without actually messing up the end performs . it 's sort of a trade off . ( o ) yeah , it is a it is a trade off . so . i think that in the long term i would like this to be evaluated on humans towards the end of the project we we we would really have like user study that would be great to to see which , and i think there will be people of different groups . some will prefer this some will prefer that uh - ( b ) should be do this at the end or should be do this a bit sooner ? ( o ) any time we have the time for that . ( b ) okay . well , i mean it it 's a question that 's it 's a question of making the time . i mean , yeah , whit ( ? ? ) it 's whether we see it as a priority or not . ( o ) so it 's that 's a good idea . so we 're now in the , in which of the project , it 's where in the middle of the project , right . ( t ) in the middle . ( o ) so ehmm - ( b ) i mean immediately end and say ou , we should retranslations a terrible idea . we should do less of it or we get the end and say retranslations is briliant . we should , you know , when you care about this . we we probably are not learn up before the end . ( o ) that 's right . ( b ) but i agree that way we for this . and i do not know . ( f ) well , okay . so little bit respect on this , i 'm not an asr person so probably tyson could ( ? ? ) more about this . but it 's entirely possible that retranslation go go back a lot with the transition to end-to-end asr . ( o ) ehmm . ( f ) because of course the the unstable have ( ? ? ) are based on which our research . multiplies already ( ? ? ) to the high get models . so it 's entirely possible that pressure answer . so because we decided to go to the end the data . ( b ) that you still have - we would still have instability . the mt is all also gon na inject instability , is n't it . ( f ) no . the mt only translate will be get from asr . like every hand is also changes , we have ( ? ? ) changes otherwise that we have ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , so that injects instability . so the mt - . ( f ) if there are no updated asr hypothesis then they mt hypothesis ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay , so if the asr wait to the end of the sentence before sending his hypothesis . then obviously this know instability . ( f ) ( ? ? ) partial sentences . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) that 's probably just going to get better as we train models in fact . we have lot - . ( b ) the search group , yeah . ( f ) we will have our new generation of eh models previously based ( ? ? ) transformers finally in direct translator . and so far the experience from actual lectures is that there is a big improvement . ( o ) ehmm . still i underst- . ( f ) and this is how much improvements is for flickering and every translation support generally , because ( ? ? ) . ( o ) sorry , sorry . so i was i was double checking . felix , you were saying that with the in the end-to-end slt which includes transform models now in the new generation . there is , no , no . ( f ) not internal slt . ( o ) okay , no internal slt . yeah , okay . ( b ) and end-to-end asr . thank you means . ( f ) yes . ( o ) okay , end-to-end asr . so , end-to-end asr there is no partial sentences admitted . it would be only complete sentences admitted . is that what you say ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) button here because that 's not my field . i think there is a lot of research ( ? ? ) right now . ( o ) sorry , ( ? ? ) connection . ( f ) oh , i 'm sorry . there is research going on right now . how to low latency , and when they asr and right now . we do get a partial sentences , but i do n't think the hypothesis updated as much . ( b ) so they do n't change , but they still extend . no , does n't rewrite extends . ( f ) ( ? ? ) much . ( b ) but even even extending could still could still lead flickering the mt save you listen to german . if you listen to german , you do n't ( ? ? ) see make production and reproduction wrong . german to english say , you do n't know the verb is ( ? ? ) in the sentence predictor wrongly , or you could just wait , but maybe that 's bad to . ( o ) yeah . exactly . so this is , i think the the problem with the integration of the asr and mt will remain even once the uh , the new generation of the asr models is is there . and there will be the question for the users whether they preferred to wait for the german verb , or guess and put there some english verb . so there there would be a trade off like what and what confidence should i insert the verb and then maybe recovery . i 'm sure that there is also ways in english in which you can still - ( b ) ( ? ? ) you can find examples and languages and say . ( o ) no , no , no . i mean , that you could recover from that - ( b ) to preforma , yeah , yeah . ( o ) to preserve the stability and reintroduce some kind of correction . ( b ) so why i wonder this when you could to look what interpreters do . cause they just have strategies for doing this , the massive strategies where they serve formulate the the speech and serve wheter the ( ? ? ) is open , but i do n't know the computation like . and then there is the other aspect , which i think will be . i 'm trying can claim to the medical journal forests , like the system , even guess is what people are gon na to say , and translates sooner . and sometimes you can because you know the - so where is he asked for other word words . sometimes you can guess to 90 percent . yet should you do that ? because you may have maybe wrong . ( o ) yeah . so this is - . we are trying to run gpt tool to predict the tail of the sentence . ( b ) ah , okay . ( o ) yeah , yeah . but it so far . it 's like , the asr so bad that that the prediction is like totally off , and so far does n't work at all , but but we are trying this guessing . so maybe i think it totally makes sense to do this guesses . that 's what the interpreters do . and that 's a question whether we will be able to do it well enough and half a good enough confidence eh explicitely in the models to make the decision , whether we should follow this guess or not . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) okay . so back back to the demo . ( b ) back to ( ? ? ) finish . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so the demo . the date should be - . where was that idealy may ? 14th may 17th the sooner the better . and there eh is there is all this uh , all these recommendations for all the partners and their systems . but i think we should - . there is no way to touch up on these topics before the demo . so my question back to dario . would could you , could pervoice supervise the the organization of the of the demo ? obviously , asking all the partners to have their systems ready . and and all that , but like doing the communication , so that that eh successfully . that that we delivered demo . ( d ) yeah . so we can . it 's important is 17 then for . ( o ) said again , it 's a - . ( d ) i mean it 's important it 's not a ( ? ? ) . because it 's too - ( o ) very soon . ( d ) too close to , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so they said , they said sooner is better . so maybe maybe the best option send , so did closer to sending . so could it be like the 8th the so 11th seems like the average . ( d ) we learn about ( ? ? ) quit couple of proposal in the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) maybe , maybe , so actually it wo n't be better if you could even create the doodle poll with time slots already for alexander . and directly con alexander . so like these are the time slots , which we are like offering . and then uh , well for all the partners it should be - . yeah . ( d ) i think it 's better if we post the final this proposal informaly as a doodle and then ask alexander . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( d ) okay . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so we will , we will learn set up the doodle , send it to ( ? ? ) in both partners . then then once agree share with ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . and also propose what you prefer to demo because there is - . you send , you have seen the email . i 've sent a couple of a like a recorded demo most to alexander and propose , and something specific . it 's up to us . so well , decide . ( ch ) well , uh , ondrej ? ( o ) uhm . ( ch ) i saw the demo you send project officer and she mostly seen the monday seminary , em . ( o ) ehm . you mean the czech talk , right ? ( ch ) eh , yes . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( ch ) i , think that probably we if you would like to present to the same thing we should then everything right now put the same set up without ( ? ? ) . it 's also well tested by you . so it will be probably the safe solution . might just , my only worry is about how to presents the results to the project officier . because actually during the demo you project both the cuni representation and the sub- pervoice subtitles . in the future of the page on the projector in the class . and we will not vote to presente the same thing online to the project officer . because actually are two different what pages , it 's completly different . ( o ) yeah . so what we can do is like screen sharing and screen a broadcasting . ( ch ) ah , okay . laugh it works . ( o ) that is that is an option . and and a question is , what should be the material that we are that we are subtitling . ( ch ) eeh , well , eh . ( o ) i think it could be some low like french watching session . ( ch ) yes to the asr domains . ( b ) that was quite challenging . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) i 'm not worrying about this , they have the same process on subtitling . and not really doing subtitling at the moment , we are doing transcription and translation , which is not subtitling by some kind of summarization . sometimes . which we wo n't do . it just about managing expectations . ( o ) yeah , yeah . that 's true . so the translation , transcription and translation . and in that case , that 's the paragraph you , which we can include in the demo as well . so i think the demo should demo both . ( b ) hm . i think the idea screenshare is a good one . just takes away one indicate - . ( ch ) yes . ( b ) completely your own . yeah , yeah . ( o ) but the the live aspect there . so what the , yeah , what was the challenge on the french watching session that we did n't understand the source language . ( b ) yeah , we did n't , to be honest , someone chiara understood . what what the topic was . and you did n't really understand , and i did n't . you talk about the item , did n't . understand so well , i have trouble with with as well . so it was quite hard to follow have to met . ( o ) yeah . so that 's that 's a safer way of selling what we are doing . i 've already , yeah - ( b ) some like a ted talk suppose might be - . little bit to save , is it ? ( o ) no , no , it 's not necessary to save . so it could be authentic stock , or something like that , so that it 's not delivered in english , the prime language . so maybe if the primer language would be german , because karlsruhe has good models for this . and from german into english and from english into all the languages , tedx talk . ( b ) is the audio gon na be easier and gon na be clearer than news broadcast is gon na be easier for asr . ( o ) i think that the segmentation would be a little bit easier . but , well , i do n't know . sentence segmentation . so what so far in our experiments what kills the performance for the final user of the machine translation is the sentence segmentation . ( b ) ehm . ( f ) ( ? ? ) we have new models now . ( b ) is it just cause sent me i mean because fundamentally sentiments segmentation is really hard , because people just you 're trying compose compose something that is not really there cause i 'm not speaking in sentences . ( o ) i think that many of the - there are many errors . so yes , there is this hard concept . but still , there there are many cases where i would simply nowhere to put the full stop . and the system does not put it there . ( b ) okay . so it is about partly by having better models . ( o ) yeah . so maybe maybe felix he could propose some german talks that are uh , on this and we we should test the whole set up via english into all the languages . ( f ) yes , umm . i can do that in next week , i ca n't that this week . ( o ) say it again . it will be when ? ( f ) it will be next week . ( o ) yes , yeah . so uh . so the communication about the the day should be already like that to start internally immediately . then early next week , we should sent an email to the alexander to truce , his date . and that would be towards the end of the the next week , we should be ready for that . and in the week from the 11th , the sooner the better . we should run it life for them . and before that we should run it for ourselves , right ? ( ch ) mm-hmm . um-hum . okay . ( o ) yeah , okay so . sorry for not managing the the half an hour . but as you see , my kids are really getting hungry , nice to meet to peel the potatoes , and - . thanks for joining , and will be in very close touch for for the demo in the coming days . ( ch ) yes , okay . ( d ) thank you . ( f ) thank you . ( o ) thank you . ( t ) bye . bye .", "tgt": "tea: inform about postpone regular meeting . ask everyone for vote in doodle . meeting will be in september , probably online . tea , ond\u0159ej , barry , philip , dario: inform about deliverables in june . it is needed to choose internal review person . initial asr system will review barry . 3 _ 1 will review probably dario , he will let know . management guide will write tea and adelhaid . management guide should be cross reviewed between alfaview and charles university . internal review should be ready 8th june . tea , ond\u0159ej , philip: talk about milestones . complete set up for eurosai cogress is technically prepared . there will be one more deliverable , the year 2 test set , till the end of august . elitr test set will pick up phil . technical thing will discuss phil and ond\u0159ej . it is assorted collection of documents and whenever someone wants to test will select a subset of files with the require set of languages . should be populated and described by august . is working on sltf which should serve ideal set up . ond\u0159ej: inform that atul should coordinate annotators . if he wo n't then there is daniel such\u00fd who is now finishing the overview of the audible slt test set . appeal to everyone for step in and provide feedback on the layout , upload data sets . ond\u0159ej , felix , barry: discuss possibility of sending lock file because of python unpublished code . only way to do the comparison really fairly is to run or serve the models . discuss asr retranslation and end-to-end asr and its stability . the problem with the integration of the asr and mt will remain even the new generation of the asr models is there . it will depend on users preference . ond\u0159ej , dario , chiara: ask if it would be possible that pervoice would manage and make sure that demo is delivered . sangeet will be running the systems but is needed someone to make sure that it happened . explain ideas of work . the date should be 17th may . dario create doodle poll and then ask alexander . ond\u0159ej and chiara agreed on screen sharing and screen a broadcasting to present the results . next meeting will be in may ."}
{"src": "( a ) barry , seems like you may have your names set from a previous call . ( b ) ( a ) sorry . ( b ) yep . so are we still missing anyone ? uh , actually , we have alfaview , we have all the research partners , we have pervoice . so it's- i think that we are ready start , uh , because uh , w- w- well the sao may join , or may not join . i do n't know . they 're not part of the project anyway . so thanks a lot for uh , for coming to this very late uh , m- meeting before the submission of of the deliverables . uh , i hope that you are all looking at the uh , document , and i would just like to draw your attention to uh , the of formal rolls , that i had to write in the most boring deliverable of all , the project management guide . and uh , there for every work-package , there is someone 's name . so please make sure , that you are not to oppose to listing these names . this is the 1st time will actually it 's write this down somewhere . and we also have uh , deliv- uh , uh , representatives for each partner . uh , that 's for uh , the the formal voting , if there would be any . and uh , in the- if you are if you are interested , then you can read this deliverable , uh , the uh , the whole project management guide . and there , i always try to highlight that we rely on your own responsibility and your own activity , and we do n't really need to to do any voting in any conflicting situations because we do everything in agreement and we find agreement well , ahead in uh , time . so i 'm i 'm grateful that this team of of all of you works as great , as i described in that deliverable . i i hope it will survive like that . um , and uh , i just send this uh , the the link to this to sebastian , who agreed to review that uh , full text . uh , so uh , i think we can uh , hope , that even if he is only a very quick with the reading that the deliverable would okay . and now , lets uh , go over all the deliverables that are due tomorrow evening . and uh , i would like everybody , the the main uh , the author of that , to uh , talk about it , to tell us what is the status , whether it has been reviewed , and with is completely finished and ready for shipment . uh , i would like to draw your attention to the 1st page , actually , where it always state , that that like the cover page the the big table , which says , what type of deliverable it is . and in the template , there is accidental left the word demonstrator . and none of the current deliverables are demonstrators . so it should always state report . then , in many cases , the authors are not filled , or or not filled some time ago . and also , the contributing partners should list the partners , who have been involved in in the work uh , behind that uh , uh deliverables . and also the date , that should be tomorrow . so well , the main author , please , always open the uh , overleaf again and check , whether even these formalities are are okay . so um , i 'm i 'm sorry for being again so immediately uh , uh , in in in the work , uh , and i hope that you are all doing well . uh , so we can uh , really do this uh , uh , a boring part and and and and submit in time , and uh , then have uh , well , some relax in the summer . so lets now go over the uh , deliverables . so the 1st one- ( c ) ( b ) the 1st one is supervised , or uh , was written mainly , uh , or or organized by karlsruhe , right ? so felix , you are the main uh , person behind the uh , the asr systems ? ( a ) i i was not the main person by that , i 'm uh , think it was thai-son . ( b ) yeah . so what is what is the status there ? is it uh , is it fully finished ? uh , ha- has it been reviewed ? ( c ) i think i can compl ( a ) again , i i was n't the m- the main module ( downloaded ) , but as i can as i can see from the document it uh , it 's definitely been reviewed , so i suppose it 's been uh- ( c ) so i got a mail , cause i reviewed this , and it was it was sebastian and thai-son , they were mainly responsible for it . um , and see , yeah , ( ? ? ) much fine . um i got a mail from sebastian yesterday morning saying , that he used kind a go through the changes . and um , we just had some question about this question about the scope of it , because uh , the deliverables called some like- yeah , report 1 on an initial asr systems . so sebastian did not include some of the work there , especially him and thai-son have done through the reporting period , and he said , he wanted to keep it that way , because he ( would ) then reported this work and periodic report . ( b ) okay . ( c ) i didn't- and i said: \u201eokay , that 's the way , want to do things . '' um , as , long as a report is w i was concerned that the work was n't being reported . uh , as long as the reports somewhere , i think that 's probably okay . ( b ) that is okay . ( c ) what your view in it is ? ( b ) the problem is , that we do n't have the periodic reports , uh , anywhere among the deliverables . ( c ) i know that . but they will be done before the review wanted ? ( b ) yes , uh , i do n't know know , when they uh , like when they will formally ask for it , whether they will at all , or maybe they will not ask for it at all- ( c ) but it will be s ( b ) but it will be- ( c ) 60 days . ( b ) yes i think it 's it 's within 60 days uh , after the end of the period . ( c ) yeah . ( b ) yes . so uh , normally , like in the past , there was always a deliverable , which- and i think um , well , there is a risk uh , that uh , o- uh , 1 of the deliverables , that was originally planned for uh , a month 6 uh , formerly , was postponed by us to month 18 . ( c ) um-hum . ( b ) uh , and that will be this report . uh , so i hope , we can still uh , uh t- the like uh , describe it as a periodic report . ( c ) um-hum . ( b ) which will be written after the end of period 1 , so after uh , june 30 , but surely before well , before the review . ( c ) yeah , i mean it is- ( b ) so in early summer . ( c ) he talked about the progress report . he would describe the complete work and the progression form , just ( assume ) me is essentially the periodic report or the 1 , we 're talking about , anyway . ( b ) so i 'll try to figure out what is uh , needed in the system . ( c ) um-mm . sorry , it 's bit late for- ( b ) yeah . ( c ) ( within ) this . but- ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( c ) i would have ( ? ? ) . yeah . um , i i emailed sebastian last week , and i heard back from yesterday morning so- ( b ) yeah , yeah . so uh , i have this vague impression , that yes , something could be uh , could be expected from us . uh , and uh , i was totally overloaded with the uh , other deliverables . so i didn't- ( c ) um-hum , um-hum . ( b ) i did n't uh , oh , uh , hm , i can not log into the sigma portal . the continuous reporting does n't work . it says uh , uh , not found 404 , so- ( c ) great . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so i can not look in the in the portal of the moment at all , uh , but uh , i agree uh , with the experience of sebastian and uh , you as well . uh , we will have to provide a progress report , or periodic report , whatever it is the name . it will have to be ready well , had before the review , and we have the review date uh , uh , already uh , tea , right ? yeah . ( c ) yes , september ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yes it 's i think like 8th uh , of september . uh . ( d ) 8th of september , yes . ( b ) uh , so i think , that we should we should probably uh , have this periodic report ready by the end of july , uh , uh- ( c ) um-mm . ( b ) even if we are late according to the to the sigma . but it 's it 's about work , that has been done in the past . so for people like sebastian , it will involve a little bit more of writing . ( c ) yeah . ( b ) because- ( c ) yeah . ( b ) they uh , did n't put uh , some of these details into the deliverables . for most of us , we have already put uh , our work into the deliverables because they- ( c ) yeah . ( b ) uh , thematically match and and then- ( c ) yeah . ( b ) the a progress report will simply say: \u201ewell , it 's in the deliverable , which has been submitted . '' ( c ) yeah , i mean , i meant i 'm well in favor of not repeating stuff in the deliverables . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) i i think , that reviewers will thank us for not . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) having access of re- repetition . ( b ) yeah . yeah . uh , okay , so uh , back to uh , d2 . 1 on initial asr systems . uh , i- when i browse it it there , yeah , there is just little bit uh- yeah . so uh , so the response from sebastian was that he will finish the edits during today , right ? ( c ) u , he did n't s- he did n't think give the time , he just said , he will he'll- he thank thanks the review , he 's gon na work in the edits and he talks about this this this ( crush ) - ( b ) yeah . ( c ) in this scope . ( b ) yeah , because there is still lot of uh , a lot of comments by you , which are unresolved . so felix , if you can uh , uh , if you can make sure , that sebastian uh , or you , or thai-son , or whoever uh , simply finishes uh , all the outstanding questions ? ( c ) yeah , i'm- ( b ) by barry . ( c ) i think , felix was n't involved in that , was he ? is that right ? ( a ) i was n't , but i have contact to sebastian . ( c ) okay . ( b ) yeah- ( c ) s- some someone from cuni was involved . ( b ) uh , that 's uh- ( c ) ( ? ? ) from cuni . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , that 's right . so i 'll make sure , that the colleagues of mine will , uh , will do their parts . and- yeah , there is also something . so so everybody , uh , every author should make sure uh , during today , that these questions are um , resolved . and barry , is there anything critical ? so that if w- we tomorrow uh , the evening- ( c ) no , i do n't think that . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) no i i do n't think there is anything critical . i mean , this our a main question , that was about the scope whether we should- ( b ) yeah . ( c ) but you know . ( b ) yeah . okay . so that looks uh , reasonably good . that 's perfect . uh , so lets move uh , so reviewed uh , yes , uh , done not yet . so here , i will say uh , that , uh , uh every author uh , to resolve uh , uh , barrys questions today . okay , uh , then , the deliverable uh , on spoken language translation system . uh , it has been f- finished , according to the m- main author . it has been reviewed by dario . so what is the uh status there ? are there any ? - ( c ) i went through the review comment on saturday and- ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) and i have i have addressed them . and there was a couple queries , they went felix and dominik . ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) um , just about , i think , uh , pervoice would ask some questions about the normalization . i 'm not sure ( ? ? ) to- well , i i 'd like felix and dominik just to a look into ( the ) they can resolve . ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) i think in felix 's case it may be the- i think they- pervoice is asking ( ? ? ) evaluation figures ( ? ? ) guess . we do n't have such figures , then it 's not much we can do . this stage um , but yeah , just have a quick look at . it should n't take long to resolve them . um , other then then i i can have a- i should have a quick read with the deliverable and then we 're done . ( b ) yeah , okay . that 's great . ( c ) and i i can give you it tomorrow . i assume , when you said tomorrow evening , you do n't really want , you do n't really mean um- ( b ) a midnight . ( c ) night , midnight . ( b ) yeah , uh- ( c ) i assume- ( b ) well , that that 's the last resort , but i would prefer to do it earlier . ( c ) well , i know , i know you should say that that it is- i mean , i 'll do it tomorrow morning , i would expect so- ( b ) yeah . ( c ) i assume you 're looking a ( list ) by closing business tomorrow . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . i would been- ( c ) and ( hopefully ) submission system is not down . ( b ) and hopefully , submission system is not down , yes . it is unknown . so w- we maybe they 're getting ready for the flood of re- uh , of deliverables . uh , yeah . ( c ) uh , maybe yeah . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) so i i hopefully i get that to you tomorrow morning , actually . ( b ) um-hum . yeah . that 's ( really ) great . so i see dominik on the call . so dominik , can you just please confirm , that you will the ? - that you have heard barry ? ( e ) yes . ( b ) yeah , perfect . okay , thank you . so that 's the 2nd one , uh , so i will uh , uh- right here , only uh , felix plus uh , dominik minor answers . ( e ) um-hum . ( b ) um , yeah . uh , then summarization . so that 's something , that we have uh , written up , and phil has reviewed . i do n't know whether uh , barry you know , anything from phil , what- ( c ) phil is on the call , is n't he ? ( f ) yeah , i 'm i 'm in . ( b ) oh , oh , sure ! ( b ) yeah , yeah i fo- for some reason , i i i keep scanning the names , and you are you are hidden among your books , so . ( f ) oh , okay , um . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) yeah . so i reviewed this uh , last week . um , i think my main comments were like ( overall ) uh , write well , it was e- explained . well , um , but there was maybe a a lack of detail in places . it could have used a few numbers . ( b ) um-hum . ( f ) if you fill more examples , just to illustrate things , and also in there were um , i think 4 papers include it- ( b ) yes . ( f ) the the dependences . ( b ) um-hum . ( f ) those 1 actually even mentioned in the main text , so there should be some kind of link . ( b ) yes i- ( f ) i- i- ideally a summary of each each paper , like maybe a paragraph , or so . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . this is some- ( f ) at least some kind of link . ( b ) this is something , that i asked erion to do uh , independently last week as well , uh , and i do n't know whether he is already done that , uh , or not . so- ( f ) i decide , i just took look this morning , and um , it does n't look like it 's changed since- ( b ) yeah . ( f ) since ( later ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah , so that 's important thing . ( f ) yeah . ( b ) erion to uh , summarize uh , the ( 4 ) attached papers . uh , and then well , with the numbers and illustrations , i 'm afraid that nothing more will uh , be edit . ( f ) that that 's that 's okay . ( b ) yeah ? ( f ) yeah . that 's not a not a big deal . um , yeah , i had a few minor comments , as well . ( b ) yeah . the the problem is that the the baseline output so far , are so bad , that the uh , numbers and and uh , even uh , outputs uh , are not ( what ) showing at all . ( f ) yeah , um , i can- ca n't ( ? ? ) impression um , as a as a reader , and yeah , i did n't necessarily numbers i ( ? ? ) an idea of how bad it is slightly . ( b ) okay . ( f ) a restrictive ex- example like , is it- ( b ) um-hum , ( f ) is it almost usable , or is it complete- completely hopeless ? ( b ) um-hum . ( f ) our our current state . and i think , ( ? ? ) get a strong sense to them ? ( b ) yeah , yeah , okay , so we 'll definitely do the the 1st part uh , summarizing the the 4 p- attached papers , and i 'll ask to erion to uh , if if he has examples uh , to to illustrate them to- but i know that he would be very reluctant to do , so . so- ( f ) okay . that 's no big deal . ( b ) yeah , uh , thank you . thanks a lot . so the next uh , deliverable is by us . uh , it was actually written by rudolf rosa . uh , and that 's on the uh , w- workshop , that we uh , prepared , but never ran uh , f- at eurosai congress . and i have no idea whether it was reviewed by armin , or or not . so adelheid , would you would you know ? ( g ) yeah , uh , he needs to review it , not reviewed at at the moment . ( b ) yeah . uh , okay , so that's- p- please , do so , because we still need to uh , like edit do the edits . uh , so the sooner you have it , the the better . w- i see , that we input the slides . uh , so obviously , there is no need to like do care for revision of the slides , but uh , there is uh , the need to uh , to review , the text itself . if it 's uh , complete and uh , uh , uh , if anything else would be uh , would be good to know uh , for uh , the external reviewer . ( g ) of course . ( b ) yeah , yeah . i s- i hear , that you have a lot of background noise in your office . so i 'm happy that you are mute in most of the time this . ( g ) ( b ) yeah . uh , okay . so uh , uh- this is a very important uh , to be done uh , today uh , by armin . uh , yeah . okay , and then report on dissemination activities . so is it actually finished ? or uh , what is missing there ? um . ( g ) what what is miss is um , the description of the ( ? ? ) event . i do n't know uh , which which institutions are organisation- ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , this is us this is us , yeah- ( g ) ( ? ? ) okay , yeah . okay , and what we need more is a little bit in the part of outlook 2020 and the conclusion . ( b ) um-hum . ( g ) some ( ? ? ) uh , page partner would be good , if we have somewhere . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) input . ( b ) okay . so this is uh , so this is for every- thank you adelheid . so this is for everyone . so first of all , i would like to thank everybody for providing their bibtechs . i know , that the layout is ugly , but uh , i suggest that we 'd leave it like that . barry , anyway , if i remember correctly mention that in the system , there is some separate the ( tap ) , or the publication should be inserted . so uh , we 'll do the reformatting when i 'm able to see that ( tap ) . um , and uh , for now , i think it 's it 's sufficient as it as it is . so just everybody make sure that your publications are not missing , that your public- publications actually made it to this list . uh , i send that email uh , on friday . uh , so you only need to put your bibtechs into the file called biblio bib , and that uh , that 's it , that would uh , uh , that would automatically include it . so please , check it actually worked . uh , and then , as adelheid said , uh , please have a look the outlook section , which is section 4. and uh , th- yeah . what what plans do we have ? so we have obviously uh , the congress as a plan , but uh , we also had uh , for example , the tedx , uh , uh , we considered the tedx uh , event . uh , and if you have any other such events , that uh , are likely to uh , to happen , then uh , consider mentioning them as an option , uh , because uh , the more dissemination we do , the the better . it 's obviously unclear uh , if such events will happen in person or remotely , uh , but uh , just uh , listing them here uh , is good for us , so that we do n't forget about these opportunities and do n't miss them accidentally . so had as anybody have any idea what what we could do ? what would there be any ? - no , not in a moment . yeah , i 'm also uh , aware only of of uh , the of the congress , and actually the mt marathon , which uh , has been silently postponed , it is planned for uh , september . uh , and the current plan is to uh , to run it in uh , january , but we have not really uh , decided on the main organizer , because the the past main organizer uh , jindra ( ? ? ) will be in uedin , and it does n't make sense uh , for uh , jindra to organize uh , mt marathon in prague remotely . uh , so we 're w- uh , we are not sure , who should be the main uh , person there , but i 'm mentioning mt marathon because they are really wanted to test the technology again . so i wanted uh , uh , to uh , to do a live subtitling of english uh , scientific presentations into the many languages . so that 's why i 'm mentioning it , and i think it it 's a good idea to put in here , into this uh , deliverable , but uh , yeah . uh , i see also elitrs uh , so elitrs subtitling is sangeet , right ? or is it ? - milo\u0161 ! i see milo\u0161 here . so- ( h ) no , yeah , it 's me . ( b ) yeah . ( h ) ( ? ? ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . so milo\u0161 , you have this uh , this german event , the ccc conference . uh , maybe that 's good idea to discuss it uh , now here . i do n't hear you yet . so maybe a microphone does n't work . is there any chat window ? yeah , so is- yeah , w- wrong microphone , yes , okay . so milo\u0161 can not uh , speak , but uh , i 'm n- not sure , whether he emailed it to everybody recently , or only to me recently , there was this uh , german hackers conference ccc . i do n't know whether f- uh , felix knows about it . ( a ) ( ? ? ) very much ( do ) ( b ) you you very much do . okay , yeah . and last time , uh , uh , sebastian was very uh , a- afraid of uh , showing the system to any hackers , because uh , we never focused on security of of the solution . uh , and uh , obviously , uh , our focus on the security has not changed uh , much , but still , uh , i would like to uh , reconsider again , if you would like to try to get to that conference , to provide subtitling there because it 's it 's a nice stress test of of the system . ( a ) so as i remember , these uh , this is a very large conference in terms of hacker conference , as they do have 9 interpretation at- ( b ) um-hum . ( a ) ( ? ? ) . uh , well , okay . yeah , i ( ? ? ) i think that could be good idea , and i think , they 'll still be interested security or not . um , i just checked their blog and whether or not it will happen will be known in october . ( b ) okay . yeah . so- ( a ) ( ? ? ) when they will give the the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) um-hum , yeah . so could you mention that uh , here , in the outlook as an option ? that we are like considering , and even all the concerns that uh , we may not be ready- wha- what we should be- so is it uh , is it bigger than the eurosai congress ? the eurosai congress would be like- ( a ) what is been ( ? ? ) , again ? ( b ) uh , that 's f- 400 if i 'm not mistaken . ( a ) oh , definitely bigger . ( b ) yeah . so- ( i ) h- hello ? ( b ) yep . ( i ) ( b ) um-hum so milo\u0161 ? ( i ) ( b ) yeah . ( i ) uh , sorry . yeah , i 've i f- i think , that especially since it will will be held in leipzig , if it ever happens , uh , i think it 's like 15000 some people like this ? - ( a ) ( ? ? ) was 18000 . ( b ) oh , okay . ( i ) like 5 halls and really huge once . also , i 'm not sure if they 've now letl u- let us , but yeah . i think , it would be nice to have anything- ( a ) ( ? ? ) . ( i ) sorry . ( a ) and i mean , they will want to demo live translation system . we do n't really to do ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , exactly . ( i ) a good point . also , yeah , it a an opportunity t- to test it on something , because this year will be probably- we have very few events . m- when i ask , if we will if sao will be doing uh , anything that uh , uh , uh , well , where we may be would test , um . i do n't think they have many things plan , so- ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( i ) i do n't m well , it can happen , but i do n't think uh , they can plan an international event , and then invite us , and uh , um , well ah . well , mm , how to say it ? well the things go slow , so the doing that- ( b ) um-hum . so there is no chance- ( a ) we does not- ( i ) i do n't think the- yeah . i do n't think , it will happen . ( a ) ( ? ? ) . they they can absolutely like will decide in october , and the reason they will decide in october is because it 's all organized by volunteers , generally motivated more volunteers . and i think , if they are interested in , in what we are doing , then they will have no problem uh , inviting us in october and and organizing all that stuff . o- or we o- inviting us on the actual event . that 's that 's the point of mechanism . they 'll they 'll said then yeah . ( b ) um-hum . ( i ) if they are interested . ( b ) yeah , okay , so felix- ( a ) yeah . ( b ) i would like to ask both , felix and milo\u0161 to keep uh , an eye on that uh , because i 'm may forgot forget , and i may not look uh , at it in october . so lets not miss this opportunity . lets lets uh , uh , lets plan trying it . uh- ( a ) i i can say , ahead of time that while i 'm interested , i do n't think i would be able to attend , actually . ( b ) in person ? ( a ) yeah . ( b ) i do n't know the dates myself , so it 's uh- ( a ) it 's it 's between christmas and new years . ( b ) oh , yeah , well , i know that i wo n't be able to uh , to attend . so- i 'm i 'm tot- i 'm totally busy with uh , with a family during that time . uh , so and also sangeet uh , will be already in germany by then , uh , because sangeet goes for master studies in saarbr\u00fccken . uh , and- yeah . uh , and um , he uh , over the christmas the break , he could actually help us . so this is this is more promising . i do n't want to uh , to uh , to commit sangeet to anything without uh , his 1st uh , 1st discussing it with with him so . so , but there is the the option , and we are trying to get um , substitute uh , people , obviously . uh , so so if w- that that is definitely necessary for the eurosai congress . so there sangeet will try to get back to prague for the eurosai congress and gets like uh , an excuse from missing some of the lectures in in saarbr\u00fccken , uh , but we need someone , who will uh , regularly uh , test the systems before the event . so i 'll let you know uh , when when i successfully have a person . i have 1 , who is the very skilled , but he is now still in pakistan , and and it 's very uh , difficult to to get him over . uh , so we 'll see . uh , so this is work in in progress on the on the management uh , point of view . uh , so uh to to conclude the events uh , i 've uh , edit the ccc in leipzig , uh , the mt marathons in prague , like a placeholder for that , into the section . uh , and also the regular monday seminars . uh , i would like to ask others to add uh , their other ideas , uh , so the- if you know about tedx uh , or anything , then please , propose these opportunities . and that 's probably it . uh . so tea was reviewing this deliverable , uh , right ? so was there anything else that uh , that was like uh , bad and should be fixed uh , before sending it ? ( d ) well , i fixed slightly the the executive summary , and then- it- ( b ) yeah . it it is the a c- complete paper and- like complete document and if if if there is- if the deliverable is too bad , then the reviewers will tell us and we will have to uh , redo it . uh , that that has happened in other projects in the past , and it 's not too bad if if it 's just 1 deliverable . but this 1 is like actually , um , i think it 's fairly uh , complete , it 's it 's lengthy and- ( d ) i tested 1 section is missing there . the- ( b ) what ? - ( d ) the 1st one the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , the j ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah , that 's us . uh , okay . so uh , here to summarize , uh . so it was actually reviewed , yes . but what is uh , what is needed is uh , everyone uh , propose outlook on events and that 's especially felix . uh , maybe f- it would be better i think , if felix writes about ccc uh , than milo\u0161 . uh , uh , felix to write about ccc uh , ondrej about uh , prague events , um . and then uh , what else was there ? no , that was it . yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) . sorry , well , i guess we 're missing metaphorum because we did- ( b ) yes , yes . uh , so uh , do you know anything about it ? i 'm not following any updates . ( c ) i i was there , but yeah , that was all i know about it . um- ( b ) yeah . ( c ) no matter- no no for i look , in fact we attend metaphorum . ( b ) oh ! yes . ( c ) it 's no there . i mean ( b ) no there . ( c ) is it is it suppose to cover all events that we attend at all . ( b ) yes . ( c ) but lead- ( b ) yes . ( c ) is that right ? ( b ) yes , yes , yes . ( c ) not there , um- ( b ) well , the uh- i 'm afraid , it could be missing . ( c ) um . okay , let me go . papers , we do n't have to include conferences , then . because that would just be- ( b ) yes , exactly . we do n't have to include confrences . ( c ) ah , okay . um- ( b ) and this , i 've asked armin to do uh , spell-checking , and uh , h- this is still- this is not been done yet . so the uh , uh- actually , uh , adelheid , would you uh , whether the uh , the table , that we are collecting in the continuous reporting , whether this has been checked uh , like item by item ? so that the non-scientific events are uh , are there ? we have this- ( g ) mm , good question . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) um . i do n't really know , no . ( b ) yeah . yeah . uh , so that 's exactly the metaphorum , that 's colon 0. so the- uh , i 'll copy paste uh , the sheet here . so it is an ugly dissemination activities uh , in our table . so about the tedx , i i see also that uh- pervoice , you w- were you at that at that tedx e- event ? and did you somehow present elitr ? obviously- ( j ) yes , actually we we we were not on the stage , we presented the project to the audience during the breaks of- ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) of the show . ( b ) um-hum . ( j ) and um- yes , and we present the ( ? ? ) video , and we talked about it with people . ( b ) yeah . and this is not in the deliverable either , right ? ( j ) mm , i i were trying to check it , mm , but we did n't . it 's not . ( b ) yeah , it 's not , it 's not . o- okay , ah , that 's too bad then . because it 's uh- if we have already done some activity and we are not reporting in , that will be missed and it we would not get the credit for that . so it 's like to asking- ( j ) okay , ( b ) not asking for your salary at the end of the month . uh , so- ( j ) ( b ) yeah . uh , so uh , then uh , the question is actually , adelheid , would you uh , would you be able to uh , to process the table somehow ? or what uh , what is the best uh , take on that ? w- in the table we even have these uh , these strange numbers . uh , so um . do we want uh , w ? - what what 's the easiest way of listing this ? i think that uh , we should not provide too much detail , but we should not miss any of the events . uh , so adelheid , could you please make sure uh , that there is uh , also- as as we have like like the boring list of the uh , scientific dissemination , all the papers , that we also have uh , uh , a boring list of uh , like non-scientific uh , dissemination activities uh , at the beginning of uh , of this uh , section . and that all the relevant columns uh , from uh , the elitr continuous reporting table uh , the the google sheet appear there . uh , and w- w- that there are not even uh , details about it , just mentioning like elitr was present at this metaphorum uh , 2019 and elitr was present at this evropsk\u00fd den jazyk\u016f . ( g ) um-hum . ( b ) so just make it a list of uh , list of lines uh- ( g ) yeah . ( b ) uh , and uh , when you where you know , it would be nice to add uh , 5 words of description where you do not know , then leave it just as a as a bullet point . and then be- bellow this list , there should be the more details about the events , which are already described . it 's like uh , a little bit assorted , so that we are not talking about the most important events in detail , and uh , we are talking about small events in in much more detail , uh , lets live with that . uh , but uh , we have to have a complete list uh , at the beginning uh , of that section . so adelheid , please- ( g ) of course . ( b ) please ad this- ( g ) yeah , we will have a something like an overview of all events and then how ? - ( b ) and then the details . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . so please , do it also today , so that tomorrow in the morning we can polish uh , whatever type setting issues- ( g ) of course . ( b ) ( ? ? ) and things like that . ( g ) um-hum . ( b ) okay . so uh , here i will add in uh- adelheid adelheid to make a list of events uh , uh , at the beginning uh , of non-scientific uh , dissemination . what is the nicer nicer way of saying non-scientific ? like a- uh , yeah . uh , okay . uh , so uh , this will be to to again done today , and tomorrow uh , we will finalize it uh , during our review of uh , of that . and the last deliverable that we have uh , is the project management guide , which was finished just this morning . uh , and sebastian will hopefully review that . uh , and uh , by the end of tomorrow , we will uh , send it , so that 's what i 've talked about uh , at the beginning . make sure , that you are not opposed to your names being listed there . but you are doing the job so the- you should not be opposed . uh , and uh , i do n't thi- i do n't see , there is anything critical there . uh , hopefully sebastian will sill uh , will still send me the the feedback . uh , yeah . so let me try the uh , the continuous reporting again . mm , no , no , does n't really work . uh , so uh , i do n't know if you have any further questions to the deliverables or not ? yeah , no it- now it 's now it 's totally uh , crushing . uh , so uh , we will hopefully finish smoothly this and submit all the deliverables uh , tomorrow . uh , we will have to ask you for all the financial details , which we already have asked and also the uh , the p- progress reports uh , which primarily will say: \u201eall is describe in this deliverable and this deliverable . '' and and and so on . uh , but some people like sebastian will have to uh , uh , add some more details . uh , and uh , my internal idea is to have uh , to ask for this uh , uh , details by the end of july , uh , so that we can smoothly uh , s- send it for uh , uh , to to the to the reviewers uh , at the end of july or very early in uh , in august . and then we can run review in uh , early september . and for the uh , review uh , we should actually uh , prepare that . every w- every work-package , we will have to provide some overview ourselves , for the uh , for the whole project . and each partner will have to uh , or each representative of each leader of work-package will have to collect the information from all the partners , who contributed . so there will be- we 'll prepare an agenda and as we had for the pre-review . uh , again , every work-package will be presenting . uh , so please , plan that and plan to prepare uh , these presentations . and i think , that uh , we should probably uh , do a pre-review uh , like a early the the week before . so what about friday the the 4th of september ? would that work for you ? ( c ) uh , so on- ondrej , remind this th- what what 's the day it the review again ? this is a- ( b ) it 's 8th- it 's tuesday the 8th . ( c ) tuesday the 8th of september , and it 's online is it ? ( b ) yes . ( c ) yeah , okay . um , and it 's all in a 1 day . ( b ) yes . ( c ) okay . um . right . yeah , i mean ( how ) in a prague is week before ( ? ? ) is like a good idea , cause at least and you have time to- ( b ) to fix it . ( c ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . yeah . ( c ) and we do n't naturally haved have a look prague ( just on ) 1 day ? ( b ) that 's right . yeah . ( c ) i mean in in fact ( ? ? ) project because it 's june and summer will be ( ? ? ) as no way they can- ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) be with children . could n't commit having whole day free . the manager split the review up and it 's in 3- ( b ) um-hum . ( c ) in our sections . but it's- ( b ) oh . e- even even the official review is split ? ( c ) yeah . yeah . ( b ) oh , okay . ( c ) u- um , i think , i 'm okay with having a full day review , i do n't have every else fells like a bad but- ( b ) yeah . yeah , okay . so we 'll uh , anyway , we- ( c ) but- ( b ) we 'll probably sent the doodle poll about this . um , but- so tea , please uh , please take a note uh , and uh , lets ask about it uh , to uh- ( c ) yeah . ( b ) to everybody . so that they are fine with that , but uh , the uh , like dry run should be ideally on friday the 4th . ( c ) yeah . ( b ) dry run uh , of- ( c ) well , the reviews are sent and choose uh , okay . ( b ) yes . ( c ) so even i am i uh , i mean that that i m- mean so you 're under the pressure to fix your presentations at weekend so- ( b ) yeah . you could even- ( c ) i would fix sometimes during that week or- ( b ) so you do ( ? ? ) earlier ? earlier than the friday ? ( c ) yeah , i mean friday is probably okay , i mean when you have monday to fix your presentation . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) you 'd not be busy if you not work on it at weekend . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) uh , so so it 's probably okay . but no later within from a day . ( b ) yeah , okay . ( c ) it 's the it 's the latest day , i count it . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) thanks . um- and that- so so that 's review and ( ? ? ) some meeting with the advisory committee was- ( b ) yes . ( c ) not . ( b ) uh- ( c ) ( ? ? ) yet . ( b ) that 's not fixed yet . ( c ) ( ? ? ) followed that . ( b ) definitely and uh , uh , according to the doodle poll , which m- several people , who should be on the uh , advisory board have not responded to yet . uh , it it so base on the current votes uh , the late august , the 19th of august looks best . uh , so that is my preference now , but i still uh , probably need to ask the uh , ask again the uh , those , who have not responded . so it is definitely not going to happen today . ( c ) i was good . ( b ) ( c ) um . ( b ) yeah . so there is- during the summer we will have to collect all the um , um , materials for the review , uh , which is a financial stuff . and for all of you this will be a little ( bit of ) work , like for your financial uh , departments , at least . uh , we expect these uh , details uh , from you to arrive uh , in mid-july , right ? or some- somewhere around that time , uh . tea , when we we ourselves will have this uh , uh , around mid-july , so that till the end of july uh , w- we will- we we should have it from everybody . and uh , very early in september uh , sorry , in august , we should uh , we should finalize it , and enter each to the system . maybe , actually the entering of the numbers in is done by each of you , separately . we 'll see how that works . uh , in the past , it was sometimes that it was entered by the coordinator , and sometimes it was entered by the participants . we 'll see , what is uh , what is the true here . uh , and uh , we will have the user and advisor ( ? ? ) meeting , uh , and we will have uh , the uh- we need to write progress report and prepare the presentations for the uh , for the review . uh , so there is plenty of time , there 's but there is also plenty of gaps , where you can not really work during uh , the summer . uh , so it 's it 's balanced , it 's uh , it 's doable , but not not too not too comfortable . ( d ) yes , and uh , we 've the- adelheid , we 've the- alfaview financial department , probably it 's better to warn them ahead because- ( b ) um-hum . ( d ) so far , i- you know . it takes a more time than to other partners , so to have the numbers really ready . ( b ) um-hum . ( d ) so you probably should start ( ? ? ) them earlier . ( g ) okay , yeah . ( b ) maybe you know . so in the end , did we get the preview numbers from uh ? - no , not yet . okay , yeah . so we got uh , the the preview numbers from everybody and uh , except for alfaview , and that 's uh , that was the purpose of the test to see that you know , who are you accounting people and they know , how to fill these tables . so it succeeded for everybody except alfaview , who are still uh , uh , preparing that . so now , getting the update with the full final uh , numbers uh , after the end of uh , june uh , should be easy for you . uh , still we need to compile uh , that together and uh , yeah , at at the one missing partner . okay , uh , so i think that 's it . uh , i 'm not sure if we 'll uh- well , we 'll be in touch by email , uh , and i expect uh , that your response time will be now uh , rather than the next business date will be like the next week because i can uh , accidentally ask you , ( ? ? ) or away . uh , so i'll- we 'll plan uh , things some more- was some more time ahead . uh , w- i think that uh , no call will uh , be done over the summer uh , except for any emergency . uh , but we uh- even before the summer starts , so in the uh , in in the re- till the end of this week , uh , we should uh , figure out the date for the dry run , for the for the review . and that will be- so we 'll uh , see each other uh , only for this dry run , for the review after the uh , summer , right ? okay , so thanks uh , i think , that 's everything from me , uh , and please , start finishing the deliverables , so that i can submit them in in time . okay , so thanks for ( ? ? ) and when we are enjoying summer . ( j ) okay . ( g ) thank you . ( b ) bye , bye . ( j ) bye guys . ( c ) bye . ( d ) bye . ( h ) bye ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah .", "tgt": "a formal roles in the project management . to make sure that nobody \u2019 s opposed to listing of the names into the deliverable: project management guide . partner representatives in the formal \u2018 project coordination committee \u2019 . deliverables: every main author to present the state of deliverable - finished / reviewed . the cover page should contain formalities like a type - not demonstrator but a report , the main author and contributing partners , the date . initial asr systems: kit . not finished: to resolve unanswered comments during today . reviewed: some work is not included to the deliverable , a plan to have this like a part of periodic report . to provide a periodic report till 30th of july , by the end of july to be ready before the review . spoken language translation systems . finished and reviewed: to resolve unanswered queries till tomorrow morning . summarization: written by cuni and reviewed by uedin . to add some more details , numbers and a few more examples - probably it will be not edited . to summarize the 4 attached papers . workshop at eurosai congress . not reviewed at the moment: it \u2019 s necessary to review the text itself . a report on dissemination activities . everyone to propose outlook on events and the conclusion . everybody to make sure that no one publications missing . to mention events , they are likely to happen as an option: congress , monday seminars . tedx - elitr was presented at tedx but it \u2019 s not included to the deliverable . mt marathon in prague - postponed to january . ccc conference in leipzig - whether or not it will happen will be known in october . metaphorum - not included , but elitr was attended . to make a list of events at the beginning of non-scientific dissemination , like an overview and a short description . the project management guide . the deliverables will be submitted tomorrow: everyone to deliver financial reports and progress reports - to have it ready for the reviewers at the end of july or early august . the numbers from av still missing . pre-review - to prepare presentation of every work-package . dry run should be ideally on friday the 4th: to create a doodle poll and to ask everybody ( review is in 8th of september ) . a date for the meeting with the advisory committee: the 19th of august looks the best ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi . hello ? ( t ) hi . ( o ) i can not hear anyone so far . ( s ) hello , hello , hi . ( d ) hello . ( ch ) hi . ( o ) yeah , okay . i can hear you . great . so - . the situation is not easy . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) it 's great to see chiara here . so , so , um , um , chiara , before we start , before the others connect . tell us how , how is it in trento ? ( ch ) oh , it 's , umm , interesting - . it 's a strange situation , uh , actually pervoice is pretty lucky as a company , because our work , uh , can continue even if we work from home . in fact . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( ch ) uhm , commercial activities it 's really , um , a difficult moment i have to say . but , um , do n't worry . we are all fine . um , no , no one of pervoice is sick , we are all fine , really . ( o ) yeah , that 's good . ( ba ) that 's good yeah . ( ch ) uhm , well we can continue our work from home . it 's not that comfortable . ( o ) yeah , exactly . so , that 's that 's - . i am , i am very happy to hear that you are not affected personally . because , uh , what the news say about italy it 's it 's terrifying . like it 's , it 's really crazy . ( ch ) yep . ( o ) people queuing - . ( ch ) but , um , that 's a problem with the medias so um , so be careful - . um , um of course it 's asked for us to stay at home . ( o ) mhm , yeah . ( ch ) in order to avoid , um , sanitary problem , ehm . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) uh , probably as you wrote , wrote us in your in your email the , um , um , the amount of people sick will increase in the next two weeks i think still . um and this is really - . it 's it 's terrible actually . but do n't worry really . we are italian . we are able to take also bad things with irony . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . that 's the last resort . we we do it as well - . but it's- . yeah . ( ch ) it 's it 's peculiar actually , um , it , um , we start singing from the balconies of our homes . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) all people are on their balconies and sing along ( surro ) . ( t ) i 've seen a lot of videos of that . ( ch ) this is really really an italian thing . ( o ) yeah . so the problem is , that here not everybody has a balcony and , uh , we are now- . we are now stranded as home , at home as well . like we can only- we 're allowed to go to work and then back and that 's it . so we have the quarantine for everybody . the whole czech republic is in quarantine , like every hou household , every , everyone . for 10 days at least , uh , something like that . so , we 'll see . yeah . but i think it 's it 's important to do it . uh , because i do n't want the situation to escalate as far as as it 's got in italy . so , as as you said - . we are in lucky field of , um , work . because we can do ev everything except that i have my kids around here and they tend to disturb me often , so - . i am at home and i have to take care of them . so we are like doing all the work that schools normally do . so they are giving us their home works . but it 's not only the home works . it 's also that you have to read with them . so simply like basic schooling . ( ch ) yep . ( o ) yeah , okay . so it seems that we have now everybody . except alphaview and i guess i have confused them , um , by , uh , sending an email this morning that as a last resort we , we would consider alphaview . so they are probably waiting for us in the- . but also armin said that they are , they are under pressure , because they have too many requests for the alphaview platform , which is common . so there is areas of business where , uh , this is useful , so . ( ? ? ) is helped . ( a ) ( ? ? ) me some document ? ( ? ? ) ( o ) ah , you are here . oh , great . okay . you made it . excellent armin , hi . ( ch ) hi . ( o ) yeah , we have alphaview , uh , we still do n't have milo\u0161 , but i 'm not sure if he would be connecting . milo\u0161- yeah , yeah . so i do n't know whether whether milo\u0161 is here but never mind . we have thai son from , uh , karlsruhe , we have phil and barry from edinburgh , uh , and , uh , uh , and there is us , so uhm , so that 's it . thanks , uhm , uh , to everybody . it 's great that you were able to join , actually , uh , remote meetings are now more common , ehm , and ehm yeah . more popular than regular meetings these days , so uhm let 's let 's take one . as always , we are recording this . uh , we have unfortunately lost the alphaview recordings , uh , because they have to be downloaded within 30 days and uh we were too busy with other things that nobody took care of that and the automatic downloader was not yet set-up . so , i do n't want to name the persons who has done it , it was not me . but- . ( ? ? ) ( o ) i hear someone . it 's probably armin . so armin if you can mute yourself when you are not talking then it would be , uhm , then it would be good . yeah , okay . so if you are all on the , uh , call on the remote call today . uh , so then there is financial table something , uh , which is something that tea will probably present , right ? uh , and then i will talk ab- briefly talk about iwslt preparations and maybe joint submission and otherwise there is not much in the , uhm , in the plan for the call . uh , because , uh , the very next deliv deliverables are at the end of june but they would probably be happening earlier , so at the end of may , so that 's what we should thing and that 's still quite far away from now . uh , but still everybody remind themselves of of that . and , uh , we are still heavily preparing for the eurosai workshop , uh , eurosai congress and the workshop associated with that , uh , but whether this will take place or not it 's totally undecided . as i wrote in the email , i ca n't imagine that the supreme audit offices will say that they are something better than regular citizens and they will not obey , uh , the , uh , uh , the regulations . i think they have the , they have the right to do so , but at the same time they are definitely not going to risk anything . so , uh , i expect that they will in some form run the congress and they will probably switch to remote one . if we had milo\u0161 on the call , then he might be able to tell us . if he knows . but he probably also does n't know . uh , okay , so now i will mute myself and , and tea will , uh , uh , present the financial table . ( t ) yeah , okay . well , hi everyone . mmm . the financial table , uh , it 's something what i will send to , um , to you all . and will need to to uh , to for you to fill it before the financial , before the review which will we have in a in june . it 's nothing scary , it 's just , uh , it 's just two sheets . but , uhm , the division is quite nice . so , um , please fill in who will be your responsible person for this , because i do n't want to bother everyone with it . so just alphaview is now missing the person and , uh , i will probably solve this directly with the responsible person , because yeah the other usually do n't know about these things . so , it 's actually ond\u0159ej very short . ( o ) yeah . it 's it 's kind of preparation for the uhm review meeting , right ? ( t ) yes , well it 's also the preparation for the financial report we will have to submit by the end of august i think . ( o ) yeah . ( t ) so this just to- . also for you just to summarise whether is everything alright , and if you need to do some changes so it would fit nicely . so it 's like- . ( o ) yeah . it 's like a head up , a hea- , a heads up that there will be this table needed . and it will be needed in some preliminary form for the review , uh , and the final form after the end of the period . which is after june , uh , due end of august . uh , so this , uh , is this is like our first , uh , synchronisation on this . so that we are sure that , uh , you know what numbers to to look up and and how to organise them for us . ( t ) yes , they also want to have them their specified ( ? ? ) so it 's good like . it 's overview of everything what you should have been tracking so it 's like- . it 's very uhm , yeah- . ( o ) so if you forgot to track something then you still have couple of months . ( t ) yes . ( o ) to , to recover from that . so this is like a dry rung . and there will be preliminary but already official information to the reviewers before the meeting . and then the final which , uh , will be submitted through the system . uh , but , but it will be in the same form , uh , the same type of numbers . ( th ) yes . so armin ( addelheit ) , whom who should i send from alphaview ? ( a ) um , am to me . can you hear me ? ( t ) okay . yeah ? okay . ( a ) okay . ( t ) okay . that 's all for the financial table , basically . ( a ) okay . ( o ) okay , uh . yeah . so we have , we have everything . so now the iwslt preparations , uhm , yeah , so , uhm , okay , thanks for the answer . um , we are preparing the test set for the for the shared task on the non-native , non native speaker , non-native spoke language translation . uh , we have to release the test sets , uh , tomorrow . that is the source side of the test set , the english audio . so , we will release it as as this 16khz wav files . if that is the format which we have , from the from the , uh , if for some of the data sets we have only the mp3s but we we 'll try to do the wav files . and , uh . ( ch ) but , sorry ond\u0159ej , this is just our suggestion . maybe , uh , it 's better to ask also to the asr people . ( o ) mhm . yeah , so maybe if thai son but i do n't know if thai son has some long term experience like what what what would people . wh wh whether thai son has some numbers . whether mp3s are worse then wav files . ( th ) no , the mp3 is okay . ( o ) so mp3 is even okay . ( th ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , so we will , we will probably release , uh , both , uh , uh , allowing people to use everything . but in the long term i am happy to switch to mp3s because , uh , these files are smaller and you can version them . so they fit in git in github repositories , uh , so that's- . that 's why i prefer them . ( ch ) sorry ond\u0159ej . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) look at the f-l-a-c , uh , format , which is also a compression but it 's not- . ( o ) it 's not sorry . it 's not what ? it 's not- ? ( ch ) it 's so ac accumpressed file but it 's not ( ? ? ) and usually it 's better than the mp3 . flac the flac one . okay . ( o ) the flac one . okay , thank you . so will check . will check this . okay , thank you . uhm and we are also working obviously on the target sides . both , the transcriptions and the , uh , and the translations . everything of this should be uh um , be ready , uh , well some of the files , uh , uh , the very small , a very small number of files are to arrive only on the 30th of of march . of the translations from the agency , this submission date deadline is the end of march , uh , and then we have some time to evaluate it . so it 's like we 're we 're , we 're on track , uh , but not not so comfortably as we wanted to be . and the main reason , uh , is that it tooks it took months until the supreme audit office actually decided that we can use some of the recordings so uhm , uh , that 's we are , we are so late with translating them . but we have some . so if , if it- . if the full set works well , uh , works out well then we 'll have , where is that , about uh an hour to- . about two hours of our domain , uh , of english sound and translations in for german and uh , and czech . and then we 'll have actually any number of if you like of uh khan academy vi videos and also an half an hour i think it 's half an hour . something between half an hour and an hour of antrecorp as the test set . so that 's what will be released , uh , tomorrow . so i am getting towards the joint submission . this is something that dominik is overseeing . uh and sangeet will run it . uh , uh so all of you uh , uh , uh , your systems are going to be put to use . dominik has sent the leader board , first leader board table on some other test sets . so we will move to like similar type of evaluation on the iwsl desk iwslt dev set . which is very small because we failed to deliver it in in larger , uh , volume in in time , uh , and will be choosing which syms , choosing system to chose , uh , uh , which system to use in the end . and then we 'll , uh , we 'll do the submission . so this is going to happen even if you like did n't do anything special . but obviously we , we would be happy if you did something special about this . so if you had the time , please speak to dominik and synchronise with him , like at what time we should run which workers . and the most important thing , this has to be documented then in the system paper for for that . so please take notes what is being used and what is , what is under the hoot . ( ba ) uhm . and i just assume that dominik will just let us know when these tests are running so we we know which workers we 've got running ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so this is- . ( ba ) good . ( o ) yeah . and maybe actually , do do the workers have like the version signature ? is anything recorded in the log files ? ( ba ) uh , uh , i do n't think so . no , no it is n't . ( ph ) no , no , no , i do n't think so . um , so one way we could do this is just to use um , different finger prints i guess or- . ( ba ) hm , hm . ( ph ) or alternative systems , um , i do n't know how easy it is to deal with the multiple pipelines that make use of different systems . so for example i have um one english to czech system , that is currently running , um , which uses the eu fingerprint . but i 've got another model , which i think will probably perform better . ( o ) mhm . ( ba ) so i could , i could just set up another worker with a slightly different finger print and let you know where that is and then i can keep it running . and then we do n't have to synchronise about time , so we would have separate logs . ( o ) yeah . ( ba ) yeah . ( ph ) would that , would that work ? ( o ) so maybe that is . yeah . maybe that is indeed the safest . uh , but , uh , uh , if it 's , if it concerns the translation system it 's jut one final finger print . if it concerns the asr system , then it , uh , it makes it trickier , because you coul- , you would have to multiply , uh , the finger prints . finger prints have to - . essentially the last finger print has to identify the full path . ( ba ) so , so . ( o ) and you have , uh , and you have asr times mt paths . ( ph ) so i suppose what we have been ( ? ? ) i guess that we do n't have that . but if each component could put some kind of version number into the message as it is passed along ? ( o ) yeah , but- . ( ba ) but that 's not- . ( d ) but that adds- . ( ? ? ) but that is one more variable in mediator- . but in fact ( ? ? ) and mt for all the workers and this is ( ? ? ) . the information can be about the version and we we can download it from admined web then . ( ph ) okay , okay . that 's that 's easy to to change from my end . ( o ) so please please please synchronise on this . and please uh , and like dominik please , uh , supervise the creation of of this . actually as soon as we release the test sets , let 's do , uh , final run , uh , like a complete run , end to end run of everything . uh , because that will , it will break in first three attempts i am sure . and the versions will be wrong in the in the first three attempts and so on . so , please consider wednesday the day where everything should be run for the first time . and then we will have every , every other day , uh , some new update uh , uh , and so on . so , uh , uh , domink and sangeet should today and tomorrow get ready for , uh , for this run and you should try to add the version numbers to this information that is passed through the mediator . and dominik and sangeet need to be sure that it is recorded in the ( loggers ) . and then on wednesday , when the test sets are out , uh , we need to run it , uh , uh and have the first ( loggers ) . and them in the subsequent days we should , we should do the better versions . ( d ) okay and- ( d ) yeah , are we going to have different versions ? are you going to update the mt workers and the scripts ? ( o ) so phil just said that- so phil just said he has one version and , uh , i think it 's worth trying out more . like , why not ? if it 's , if if they are trained . and also remember that there is some overlap between , uh , uh , the available german versions and available czech translations . and there is possibly some choice of the asr system . so there is quite a few combinations that we should try out and , uh , then chose one of them based on well- . not the perfect dev set but on some dev set , uh , to to submit to submit it . but i think it 's , uh- . actually i would suggest that we submit more versions because iwslt in my track , uh , does the same policy as wmt . so we can submit as many non-primary submission as we like . and and one needs to be marked as as primary and and that 's it . so the more we have the better . the more we learn about the evaluation . yeah , okay . so that is that is like the joint submission . uh , here the remarks are that dominik , uh , plus sangeet get ready today plus tomorrow first full run on wednesday , uh , uh , then , uh improved version ( loggders ) need to record , uh , detailed versions of each component . okay . and then , the other the other question is other iwslt submissions . so , i have a student who is working on english asr and , uh , em , he is , uh , hopefully he will be able to try , he is working on that , uh , to try out another set up of english czech . so he is not targeting german uh and that will be like an independent submission . so i was just curious if any other side is also trying that or if you have , uh , like other colleagues in other departments who you could ask to take part . because as elitr we would like to know what is the best solution on the market . on the research market i mean . so , uh , the , uh , the more teams we get in the better we will know who performs best on the domain of the supreme audit offices because that 's substantial part of our test set . so , please ask around . i have asked , uh , well sent an email but they did n't responded it at google . i have asked at microsoft and then i 've asked two czech teams who do asr . so far- . that was before the , um , the the corona virus got so bad . so far they did n't answer . i 'll notify them that the test sets are out and hopefully they will do something . uh , so if you have other teams that you could contact - . and it would be only like run it , uh , run it exercise for them , please do so . so that 's , that 's like foreign iwslt submissions . and is anyone planning , uh , their own submission ? so , so nothing from edinburgh . no ? i 've seen some registration of karlsruhe in the overall iwslt task . but i do n't know whether it was also for this task or not . or whether it has managed to cover the joint submission or whether there is another submission , uh , by karlsruhe . so thai son do you know more ? ( th ) uh , yeah . yeah , so , uh , ( ? ? ) and i do n't think we will submit something for this task . but for other ( ? ? ) and also ( ? ? ) i used to ( ? ? ) involved in iwslt but this year i i i just support peoples . i 'd like to do that so- . ( o ) yeah , okay . so that 's . so there is nothing , uh , yeah . so only , only us , yeah . no kitch no uedding but still please ask around , uh , outside outside of elitr , uh , yeah . okay . well , uhm . thats seems like the end of the agenda . which is great . do we have any other things to discuss ? i think we 'll be in touch at the end of the month because then there will be probably news . like the ( ? ? ) conference for example is deciding whether to run on when to run . uh , uh towards the end of march . and i guess the similar update will be on eurosai . ( ba ) mhm . so you still think that the eurosai still may go ahead ? ( o ) i think it may go ahead , yes . i am not sure- . ( ba ) oh , okay , but i as a physical conference ? yeah , but even if it does , we will not be travelling to it . ( o ) mhm . ( ba ) is that fair ? ( o ) yes , that's- . so like- it it was never a , never a requirement that you would travel . ( ba ) yeah , yeah , okay , okay . ( o ) so , uh , it . ( ba ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so if you if you are already certain that you would not travel , that's- . it 's good to tell us right away . so that so we know that . ( ba ) hmm . ( o ) it would be- . if it actually does take place , then it will be good to have someone from pervoice around . that would be most important . uh , but even if it , if italians still can not come to the czech republic , now now nobody can travel at all . uh . ( ch ) we plan to join you for eurosai congress of course . but you know that at the moment the the situation it 's not that clear . ( o ) yeah , exactly . so that's- . yeah i just do n't know . the end of may is still quite some time ahead . uh , well the problem is that the germany is going very bad , italy is hopefully near the peak with germany the peak will arrive in two weeks at if not later . and the uk is also going to explode because - . i 'm i 'm sure , because - . ( ba ) yeah , uh , i 'm will predict that the peak is early summer . ( o ) early summer you 'd say ? oh . ( ba ) that 's what they 're saying yep . but it 's changing every day so we do n't really know . to be honest . ( o ) oh , so early summer it 's like early july , right ? or june . ( ba ) uh , uh , i 'd say- . well that 's another question . i do n't know when that is . i 'd say more or less it 's may or june is early summer . ( o ) may or june . ( ba ) to me , yeah . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( ba ) yeah . beginning of june . yeah . ( o ) yeah . well , then i do n't want to quote what i heard that boris johnson said but- . i , my , my my- . ( ba ) he says many things . ( o ) he says many- . my brother in law lives lives in th uk and i 've i 've seen boris johnson , uh , saying like the families will lose their beloved ones before their time . and another thing was that uh , um , everybody has to die one day anyway . so it 's like - . the way- . the way your prime minister says it is not too , not too optimistic- . ( ba ) yeah , he does n't inspire optimism . yeah . ( o ) okay . so , so then . well if the congress does not take place , uh , at all . or if it does not take pla , if it does not take place physically , then it puts the most burden on us i 'd think actually . because , uh , we 'd still try to do all the , all the translation but it would be much more difficult conditions in terms of all the interpreters at various places like- . it's- the interpreters also has their technologies for remote interpreting . but we would need to be able to attach to those channels and and all that . so it will be like a new set-up ( ba ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) getting ready for very new set ups . ( ba ) then there is- . then there would be more pressure on them to make sure that things like microphones and network all wall all works correctly . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so the , uh- . ( ba ) which is what we need . ( o ) so the focus the focus will have to change quickly , uh , so far we are focusing on the on the like getting the input from the physical pipeline and and then the the normal and then the normal networks . and now it would be the acquisition of sound would be also complicated by network traffic . ( ba ) yeah . ( o ) so this , this is the the hard part , uh , and if , uh , uh , it is cancelled altogether then we will have more time to focus on the deliverables . so , uh , please , em , do not leave the deliverables , uh , for may . start working on the deliverables , uh , already now , or , uh , or in april . the list of deliverables is already- . if you scroll down in the in the document elitr remote meetings . this is what we discussed in the last call , uh , so the publishing platform that has been delivered . then we have report 1 on initial asr system , report 1 on spoke language translation , initial report on summarisation , uh , and then the report on nlp technologies at the eurosai congress , uh , and report on dissemination , uh , and project management , uh , uh , guide and update of that . so there is a lot lot of texts to write . so especially for the technical deliverables i think you can start with writing right away . if you have papers , these , uh , that 's the best thing , uh , if you have , uh , uh , papers - . all of these reports are public - . so it 's not good to put there anything which is under review yet . uh , it 's it 's if if you have material , uh , that is not written up as a paper , i would put it there , because it like does n't steal the the publication opportunity as it 's the that i would say so . ( ba ) mhm . ( o ) if it 's already organised into a paper but not reviewed yet , then i would not include it . and if it is published , then it 's ideal because then you can include it directly . ( ba ) but , but that creates bit of a problem . you said written up to- . i mean if it 's written up to a paper , we should not include that . say for example it was submitted to ( ? ? ) which crosses this- . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ba ) this , this , this deadline . ( o ) yeah . ( ba ) um , but yeah that that creates a bit of a problem . it 's like either we do n't put it in and then the deliverable is extremely thin or we just do n't submit . or we will have to wait , wait- . ( o ) no , no , no , no . ( ba ) wait , wait for months after the deliverable is published in order to submit . so ca n't we just push the publication of the deliverable out a bit ? i mean it 's poss- ( o ) oh , it 's totally po- . i see , okay . ( ba ) yeah , i mean . i mean it 's supposed to be public but does n't have to go out immediately . that- . ( o ) that 's a good idea . so that 's probably something that we should , uh , ask . well , there is i think there is a risk that the commission publishes the deliverable . uh , in their databases righ away . ( ba ) yeah , yeah , yeah . but i think that it could be negotiated . and anyway i do n't think like the deliverables are- . like anybody would notice . so- . ( ba ) that 's also a point , yes . but , um , i mean . it it it it 's a theoretical question at the moment but it it could become a practical question and the we need - . ( o ) i think- . i like your proposal . i think it is the best way to to it , to , uh , to have it delivered to the commission on time . including the draft version of the paper as it was submitted as is under review and then publish it , uh , um , like later on . so it 's it 's yeah - ( ba ) yeah . ( o ) that 's probably the best option . if the paper on archive , uh , including your names , uh , then again you can put it there right away . ( ba ) then it 's fine to include it , yeah , absolutely . yeah , yeah , it 's just- . ( o ) if you , if you , yeah . so tea , please talk to alexandrou and ask him when the deliverables are published on the web . and if there is any way to de to delay that , right ? ( ba ) yeah . ( o ) uh , uh , i don't- . tea is there , okay . yeah , so , uh , so then that would be ideal . we would put everything what is already in the form of paper into the deliverables , uh , and , uh , we would just ask for a later publication . uh , i think i think that 's a reasonable thing to ask for . ( ba ) and it 's no good the i mean the emnpl verification ? or it 's jut ( ? ? ) ? i ca n't remember but it 's not it 's not going to be delayed any longer than that . ( o ) yes , and also for emnlp there is probably acl , uh , anonymity period . so if you put the paper on the archive early enough , uh , - ( ba ) yeah , then . then it 's fine . ( o ) then you can include it as as an archive paper . and have it then under the review for emnlp . ( ba ) yeah , so- . then there should be quite a small amount of content that 's gon na be affected . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so anyway , please start working on these soon . i think that we will , we will probably make the initial step and we will prepare the overleaf links for for each of these . so that 's something - . so tea , please make sure and distribute , that we create and distribute these overleaf links , uh , and , uh , sh , uh , everybody can start with writing . right , okay ? so that 's that and add one bit here , and that 's the upcoming deliverables and i think . yeah . deliverables plan . uh , include papers . ask po for a later publication of the deliverable . yeah . that 's it . yeah . that 's everything from me . if you do n't have any further questions then enjoy your quarantines . and we 'll we 'll have another call in approximately a month , uh , from now , uh , because by that time we 'll have like the final decisions on all that many events . when- . whether they take place and in what form . yeah . okay . so thanks and take care . thank you . bye bye . ( ba ) thank you . bye bye . ( ph ) thank you . bye bye . ( t ) bye , bye . ( ch ) bye , bye . hi thea . bye . okay . ( s ) yeah . hi ondrej , so i 'm here . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . great , yep . ( s ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , i can hear you . so , uh , first of all how are you doing ? have you understood the the regulation that now applies to you ? ( s ) uh , yeah , i think so . i understand that i do not need to go outside except for work or buying groceries or medicines . ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( s ) and no one necessarily walking outside . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah . so i was working on the karaoke and i did n't understand what exactly needs to be done here . so i have , uh , written here few , uh , a few of my doubts . ( o ) okay . ( s ) so , i 'll start with the first of them . so , okay , okay , okay . so , uh , i need to understand like what exactly , uh , the forced aligner does . so in the forced alignment review that input as adjacent file which has multiple adjacent objects during the duration of the audio path ( ? ? ) you know . that 's the test segment . ( o ) yeah , that is- , that is just like a file list . so the adjacent is essentially just a file list which tells tells you what all files should be processed . and it ( paralyses ) them as it as it likes . uh and , uh , for each of them you provide the text and it it will emit the words aligned to some positions in the time . so this is only like a batch procession of of a a large number of files . ( s ) ah , okay . so , uh , uh , am , so as far as i know the forced aligner it also does asrs . so are we deliberating the asr in any way ? ( o ) oh , uh , well in internally it uses asr because it searches- . it tries to process the input and then it finds in in the full ( ? ? ) of candidates where the words that we require are located . so we we do n't make the use of this asr ourselves . it is being used by the forced aligner . and that 's it . so we only want to see the time stamps . ( s ) i i am not sure if i understand that . like , uh , what does , uh , the how does the forced alignment uses the asr ? ( o ) uh , uh , it it processes the input sound . it creates like a ( lettuce ) like a set of candidates and then in this set of- . so the good thing about this set of candidates is that it knows where the words were found . but it does n't know which words are the correct ones . ( s ) yeah , okay . ( o ) and , uh , by itself . uh , so if it 's only the normal asr it will then emit the most likely candidates from this set . but in the forced set up you are telling it pick this word pick this word pick this word and so on . so you are choosing path in the ( lettuce ) but the ( lettuce ) is all time stamped . and when you chose the path , you will know the time stamps at which these words occurred in the , in the , in the , in the speech . so that 's exactly how you obtain the alignments . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . so basically the times , the time stamps after each word that is done by the forced aligner . and yeah , okay , i start to get some sense out of it . ( o ) it 's as if if a human was doing , if a human was doing it . you would you would be like listening . if it was like a very slow pace , you would be writing down a time when you heard the word and as a human you would already get the single best path . you would understand it perfectly . uh , so then you would only like copy form your time stamped record the times to the , to the expected output . ( s ) yeah , okay , okay , i get it . ( o ) yeah , so what it , what it . the the karaoke- . the reason why we want to do this karaoke is that we want quick visual inspection of this word uh , uh , word aligned , or word time stamped transcripts . so imagine - . this is what i was just doing , uh , for the iwslt test set anonymisation . uh , i was doing only the text part , so i was , uh , like reading the transcript and whenever i saw like one of the names of the participants of the meeting i replaced that name with censored , with with some key word only . and now the next step is for daniel such\u00fd and he needs to find the appropriate position in in the recording and do the ( ? ? ) of that . ( s ) i get it , yeah . ( o ) and so if if he would be able to like scroll the movie which highlights the words then he would scroll the movie to the point where it shows censored and he would listen whether it 's the right position . and i also kind of needed this facility . it is essentially , uh , like a full text search within audio . so , uh , i also needed this because when reading the transcripts , i realised there were some errors . like some nonsensical sentences and i wanted to check , uh , whether the person has understood it the best way they could . uh , so i had to scroll the movie , the the sound and it was like jumping and then searching where i am- . ( o ) if by playing the movie a i would see in the text the word highlighted- . ( s ) yes , exactly . ( o ) that would be perfect . that would have saved a lot of time . ( s ) yeah , i get it . ( o ) so , so i think the . the most promising , uh , uh , approach is indeed the web based subtitles . so there is one more thing . imsc1 . i do n't have any- . i 'll i 'll paste the link to to chat window now . there is some render there . have a look at that . i 'm afraid that ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) is downloaded here , okay , so there is there is some- oh , the file is not found . so i 'm not sure if this works at all . but- . media in seconds . yeah . so this is some render of one of the formats of subtitles . yeah and it is xml based ttml playing ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so there is another important link that i found yesterday or the da day before yesterday and that 's , uh , the jungle of video streaming . and it also has , uh , a section on- oh , that 's already about subtitles , yeah , yeah , yeah . so there is the- . if you scroll like to the fifth of the document , uh , quite early . uh , from the monty python and the holy grail , uh , there is four , uh , four formats . so the burned into video , the open captions is what we want to achieve from something which is easier to produce for ourselves . so the ttml looks uh , uh , uh , like reasonable , that 's what the render , that 's what the render would be able to uh , to show . so yeah , this is a subtitle- . the idea is here- . so , there is - . the the oh so there is some diagram of different t , ttml profiles . that 's crazy . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) it 's really like have n't read it yet . so this is obvly obviously overly complicated . finally to bring some sense of the circus of profiles , yes . recent specification , yeah , uh , im , imsc1 which is a new recommendation . so this imsc1 is probably the best thing . specification- . and then fortunately - . and it , uh , consists of plain text but it can reference css for styling . ( o ) okay . ( o ) so in one of the demo queues - . start may be applied using simple mark up ( ? ? ) to appear at particular times . yes , so if you search for the word karaoke in this document you exactly get the- . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . it 's in the section web vtt . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . so there is a specification . supports play out of web pge in a apple hls and mpeg dash . so web vt web vtt is the best thing . unified packager can convert srt ( ? ? ) ( s ) mhm . ( o ) when preparing content as intended for use on the web only , web vgt has deeper integration which will probably make it better suited than ttml . yes , so we should go for a web vtt . ( s ) okay . ( o ) by doing this , we are already preparing for , uh , like the , uh , the sessions , the remote conferencing for example . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) so if we know how to produce web vtt then , uh , it 's , uh , it will be useful , uh , useful later on . so this this imsc1 is probably more complicated than needed . i do n't know if there is any web vtt renderer . web vtt renderer . ( s ) so this karaoke will have the audio playing . i mean , uh , so like last week i chunked the audios , segmented the audios . so i need to , i need to concatenate all these audio segments- . i mean- . ( o ) so , so , so , what you , uh , you you are talking about the khan academy , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , exactly , i am . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so exactly , this is this is now needed . uh , so , well i would first debug the the karaoke viewer on the individual segments . so do it segment by segment . but then , after , uh , the karaoke , uh , preview is is ready , uh , concatenate all the segments back . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) or actually use the original the original file and concatenate the forced , uh , uh , the , uh , like time stamped , uh , captions . uh - . ( s ) okay . ( o ) with concatenating of the , uh , of of this of the transcripts , you need to shift the time stamps obviously . ( s ) shift . like what do you mean shift . ( o ) oh well , the problem is that in segment 1 time 0 means 0 but in segment 2 time 0 means something else . it 's at the end of , uh , segment 1 . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) the forced aligner runs always like from the beginning of the segment . ( s ) okay . ( o ) so the timing of the words is relative to big relative to the beginning of the segment . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . ( o ) but the beginnings of the segments like grow in time as as you proceed through , uh , through the recording . ( s ) aha . yeah i 've seen like i 've just i was just playing some of the audios and it would i do n't remember the word- . it was- . so the the audio is not properly captured inside that very audio segment . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and and it 's too little ( ? ? ) ( o ) so- ( s ) so so the time stamps stamps were not exact so that 's i i had to like , uh , you know play with the time stamps to get the actual audio captured . or to hear the audio actually captured . ( o ) yeah , so i 've played the set , the sequence of files that you have created the the simple karaoke . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and i 've heard that uh it 's uh uh like uh the word has been already said in on the previous word and only now the caption comes . so the captions are late . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( o ) and i think the reason is that , uh , the neural network , uh , takes some time to process it in a way . so it is confident about the word only after the word has been finished . ( s ) yeah , exactly . ( o ) and i think that we can live with this . so the karaoke will will show this to us . uh , and we could do some like a general little shift if we really like but i i think it 's safer to to stick to what network has provided us with . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , uh , uh , so , uh , there is two things the conversion of the output of forced aligner , which is the time stamped words . uh , into , uh , into the ka- ( s ) time stamped ( o ) into the karaoke , into the vtt . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay . ( o ) and and talk to ebrahim . so think- . ( s ) okay . ( o ) is there already a script that converts the output of forced aligner to ebrahim 's expected output ? which is the growing sentences . or not yet ? ( s ) yeah exactly . ( ? ? ) there is a script which ebrahim created but i was playing with it last night but it did n't seem to work out . ( o ) okay . ( s ) so i thought maybe it 's an issue with the karaoke corpus ( ? ? ) is not able to process . i i even tried with the demo corpus . that demo directory which is n the forced alignment directory . and it it perfectly but i even- . ( o ) aha . ( s ) but the other one in the directory does not work . with this ebrahim 's script so i i need to talk to ( ? ? ) ebrahim . ( o ) yes , please please talk to him and i think that format that his script provides . uh , which is the growing sentences is the ideal input format for , uh , for the web vtt view . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so uh , uh , we would be like gradually highlighting more and more of the sentence and then we would every now and then move to another subtitle and and again have the colour grow , uh . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so this is , uh , this is probably what we , what we want ot start with . so so you should first , uh , write these web vtt files manually just to see that it works . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) then play with them , like have them appear , have them , uh , have them work in your set up . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) and then create the script which converts the growing sentences of ebrahim into this web vtt for the for the life view of of for the preview of of these files . and then , uh , work on the concatenation of the khan academy , uh , transcripts , uh , so that the time stamps are properly shifted and then , uh , yeah , yeah . ( s ) okay , i just need to write it . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so the first step will be to convert the- . i need to convert the subtitles into web vtt- . ( o ) yeah , so learn how how to write the web vtt so that it highlight the beginning of the the first half of the subtitle and that you can grow the highlighted part in time . ( s ) okay , alright , alright . ( o ) then apply it on one of the segments and test that it works . and then apply it on the concatenated segments and test it against the original full non-split asr . uh , non-split sound file . ( s ) so i i 'm still like confused . so first i the the karaoke , in karaoke so so the the audio that play in the background it will have uh- . no the audio playing in the background in karaoke it will be the original audio with , uh , with the audio segment . ( o ) yes . ( s ) okay , and the the subtitles . the , the , sorry , the the transcripts will be the original transcripts not from the forced aligner . ( o ) uh , from the forced aligner . those- . so the original - . when you say original transcript , uh , you mean the manually revised files which we called ost , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so the ost files contain only one sentence per line . ( s ) aha , okay . ( o ) and no time stamps so there is no way to display them . we need to move from ost to something which we call ostt . so that 's original sound transcript transcribed . sorry sorry transcript time stamped . so the tt the second t is for time stamped , uh , and that is the format which has time stamps and the same line is like repeated and it 's growing . in the same way as you , uh , know it from , uh , from the asr outputs . ( s ) and in order to get this ostt i will use ebrahim 's sript . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( s ) okay , alright alright . so it will ahve the audio playing in the background and these ostt uh- . ( o ) yeah , so i will i will try to figer out , f find one video which displays the- . ( s ) yeah exactly and- . ( o ) yeah so this is like ( ? ? ) so no one is singing . yeah , i 'm searching - . yeah , so here is one sample youtube video where no-one sings . but if you wanted to sing like elvis presley , uh , you would you sing at the point when the word is , is being highlighted . ( s ) alright , yeah , yeah , yeah , i get it . yeah , yeah . i was - . okay , so- . i understand it better and it 's more clear . one issue is that- . i saw at first , in after the forced alignment , after every , uh . i mean so the forced aligner loses a few first words in the transcript . ( o ) oh , okay . ( s ) i 'm not sure why . ( o ) that 's bad . so talk to petr polak about this . so i know that he has added something which ensures that , uh , uh , the for that his asr processes full words . because if you if you cut sound in the middle of the word it happily tries to like recover from that and it will recover this half word into a full word . so his search is for like a chunk , he he removes the head and tail so that he is confident that he has full words . but for the forced aligner we should not use this feature . so talk to him of what is the proper way of , mhm , of using this forced aligner so that it does n't chop out the the words . ( s ) okay . ( o ) if it 's something more complex . if he does not have this chopping off end , head and tail , then , well we 're we 're screwed . there is not- . there is nothing we can do about it . ( s ) so actually it does not happen in like all of the chunks but like in some- . okay so it 's be better if i show you here . ( o ) mhm ( s ) and i will start the- so uh can can you see this ? ( o ) yeah . it said that you started- . yes i see something . but it 's pretty small . ( s ) yeah , exactly . and i i okay . ( o ) so maybe just control + should increase the font size . ( s ) like this ? ( o ) yes , it takes a while until it updates . uh , so yes this is this readable . and i can see line number 2 , line number 1 is still , uh , like obsured by your your window and my window . oh no i can mo move it , okay . i can not move myself , so , uh , - ( s ) so yeah , even second segment is good . so you can see the segment . it starts from a.v.e- . ( o ) f- . ( s ) yeah , but it is about the second segment . but if you want this- . i would like to show you this- . ( o ) this is , this is `` have '' this should be `` have '' . ( s ) i i i exactly so . the sentence is- . the sentence is: `` do i have to '' ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so even `` do i ? '' ( s ) so it completely , so it completely missed this uh `` do i- '' . ( o ) mhm . yeah . so talk to petr polak . i have no idea what , why this could be happening . send him these two files , the input file and the output file . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) just actually send him the path name of that , uh , of this adjacent files but copy paste that these two lines into the into the email right away . ( s ) yeah , exactly , exactly . so , yeah ( ? ? ) talked about this . okay , so the last question is about an email which you sent a few days ago or probably last week . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) so you talked about the alphabets in forced alignments and there was this configuration file ( ? ? ) . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and at the bottom point it w it had a list of letters which forced alignment accepts . so it was- . if i properly understand what this means is that forced alignment can only accept a lower case letters , no punctuations and no upper case letters . is that is that ? ( o ) yes , yeah . ( s ) alright . ( o ) so- . ( s ) yeah , yeah , okay , yeah . say . ( o ) but beware i think that the czech model accepts only upper case . so it 's like - . that 's very much configuration dependant . ( s ) aha , okay . ( o ) so , so have a look at the- . for now you need only english forced aligner . so for now focus on the english . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and there is- . i think it accepts apostrophe as well- uh , uh , but not new lines obviously and not , uh , not numbers so there- . so we need to do some trick with numbers , uh , so the numbers should be actually spelled out . ( s ) mhm mhm . ( o ) there are not too many numbers but there are some in the , uh , in the transcripts . ( s ) like what you mean of- . ( o ) like 2020 . ( s ) 2 0 in yeah in numbers . ( o ) so if you have 2020 then in the transcript like as one word , like 4 characters 2 0 2 0. then it should be spelled out in some way in which it was spelled out . in the , uh , in the text . so that 's uh- . well this is annoying , uh , well we 'll see how far we get with this , like- . petr polak will know how to convert numbers to the spoken versions of them , because he also had to do it guess . so talk to him about this as well . ( s ) okay . okay , i 'll talk to him . ( o ) for czech , jon\u00e1\u0161 surely has a script that does that . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) obviously the person , the person could have said the number differently , uh , and then we are screwed . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) but yeah . this is not so likely . ( s ) so you you mean these numbers are not acceptable in the forced aligner . ( o ) the forced aligner , uh , oh , uh , yeah , it 's just yeah- . it just , it just does n't work . it excess it expects the the letters that corresponds to the , uh , to the like vowels and consonants of the to the phonemes in the in the speech . and if the letters are the the digit 2 then there uh , uh , is no clear correspondence to phonemes . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . okay . yeah so it all- . so basically i need to refer to the configuration files . yeah , okay . and that is all that i have written down . and i will start working on this karaoke , then i will discuss with ebrahim and then i i will start working on the log . to get the log directories for the , uh , uh , for the meeting for the last conference . and i - . ( o ) yeah , for the mock conference , great . yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah , for the mock conference . ( o ) and when i , when i talked about the getting the versions of the systems . uh , this is something which can be tested on anything , including the mock conferences obviously . so uh- ( s ) version of the system , like what do you mean . ( o ) so like in the log dir we need to know which version of the edinburgh system was in use . ( s ) okay , alright . ( o ) this was , this was mentioned in the call , uh , this morning . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . i understand , yeah . ( o ) so this is , this also an opportunity to , to like work on that , on gathering that information . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay . and these log directories- . so basically , uh , we had like , i do n't know what we had appro , we had like 6 channel being spoken in this . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so this- . these audio recordings have 6 channel so i need to separate each of them out and do the asr . ( s ) they are already separated . ( o ) oh , well the record cut script work for them . so maybe they are already separate files . ( s ) yeah , exactly . ( o ) or the record cut script , yeah . ( s ) okay , so by ( ? ? ) preparing ( ? ? ) you mean generating the asr and generating the mnts , right ? ( o ) yeah . ( s ) time stamped . ( o ) yes , so for for now you need to do it for each of the channels separately . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) and you can do it one by one . you do not have to do it at the same time . ( s ) yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) the good thing about these channels is that they start at very same- . they are synchronised . ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so they start at the time 0 and that 's perfect . uh , so , uh that means that we can then observe all the many different english versions and the time stamps will will match . so we would be like playing for ourselves the different english versions simultaneously and trying to figure out which of them is the best at the given moment . so we should like- . so when you prepare these log dirs we should then run a test session with annotators including ourselves and , uh , figuring out at what time stamps- . at what stamps of time we prefer this english at what times do we prepare this one . so like time based labelling which of the english streams is good . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) and then , uh , after we figure out how to do it ourselves , we can consider what should be the user interface for anybody , like a non-skilled person . and whether the task as such is is doable at all . or whether it is too much load on the on the human brain . ( s ) mhm , okay , okay , okay . and that 's - . like so suppose the main audios the main speaker in , is speaking in french . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and we have the interpretation , interpreter in czech . ( o ) yes . ( s ) so i need to get the english mt , from the , uh , from the czech interpreter . ( o ) yes . ( s ) otherwise english mt from the french asr . ( o ) uh . yes , if we have system for that , yes . ( s ) and then we need to check which english is better . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( s ) is that , is that what you are talking about . right ? ( o ) yes , exactly . yeah . ( s ) okay , alright , alright , alright , alright . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) okay , like okay , is it 's it 's clear now . ( ? ? ) ( o ) so i 'm afraid that the pexip room will , is booked for 2 minutes more only and then it will possibly close . ( s ) okay , okay , yeah , i i i i 'm i 'm done i 'm done . ( ? ? ) yeah , okay , okay . so thank you for your time again and yeah- . and have a great- . ( o ) great , thanks . i 'll be in the office in the afternoon from like 3 , 4ish till , uh , probably 7 or 8. uh , uh , today . but but you do n't have to come . ( s ) ( ? ? ) department ? ( o ) yeah , well on foot it 's it 's not far from , far away from me , for me so it 's it 's a nice exercise . ( s ) okay , alright . yeah . so , yeah , okay , so , uh . let 's , let 's yeah , let 's speak . ( o ) yeah but you do n't have to , you do n't have to come there in person at at all . ( s ) okay , okay . yeah , yeah . thank you then . ( o ) great , thanks . and and talk to you . we 'll be in touch . thank you . ( s ) yeah , sure . okay . bye . ( o ) bye , bye . thanks . ( s ) bye , bye , bye .", "tgt": "responsible persons have been selected for each participating counterparty . electronic spreadsheet will be sent to all counterparties . tables to be filled as a dry run in preliminary but official form for a review in june and in final form in august for the financial report . iwslt submission . test set for the shared task is being prepared and due for release on 17th march as 16khz wav file of the english audio . test set to include: two hours of domain material in english with translation to german and czech . one and half hours of antrecorp and any number of khan academy videos . wav not available for all files and there is an inclination to switch to mp3 in long term , as mp3 format files are smaller , can be versioned and fit in github repository . flac format also suggested for exploration . target side is also work in progress for both ; translation and transcription . small number of files only to arrive on 30th of march from the translation agency . submission deadline is end of march 2020 . substantial delay was caused by the lengthy decision period of the supreme audit office to grant permission to use their recordings . generally on track but not as comfortably as the team ideally would like to be . joint submission . first leader board was circulated . evaluation style will be similar to iwslt . dev set is of a very small size to do a failure to deliver on time in larger range . strong requirement for precise documentation of all activities in the system paper . specific workers with version signature to be applied and finger printing options are discussed for asr and translation set ups . upon test set release a complete end to end run should be performed . version numbers are to be added to all the information passed through the mediator and recorded in the log directories . existing overlap between available german versions and available czech translations . quite a few system combinations are available . suggestion to submit more versions as multiple non-primary submissions are possible . the larger number of submissions the better as a lot of information will be obtained about the evaluation . external teams welcome to participate on the evaluation . microsoft , google and two czech teams have been already approached and elitr team is awaiting response . aim is to find the best research market solution for supreme audit offices . written-up but not reviewed papers should not form part of the publication . suggestion to ask po for postponement of deliverables publishing by the commission to allow for a thorough review of published material . subsequent elitr deliverables due: june 2020 . list of deliverables outstanding: report on initial asr systems , report on spoken language translation , nlp technologies , report on dissemination and report on project management . full details are available in the directory elitr remote meetings . other points of discussion . current world situation with updates from participant locations . loss of alfaview view recordings due to the failure to download within the availability period of 30 days . automatic downloader has not been set up at that point . heavy preparation s for the eurosai congress and related workshop , even though it is unclear whether the event will take place and in what shape and form ( physical pipeline / remote set up ) . fully dependent on the decision of supreme audit offices . the focus will have to change quickly in reaction to the format of the events taking place . travel arrangements unclear . if the congress is not going ahead then the full focus will be on the elitr deliverables . next meeting: in approximately 1 month time . final decision on events taking place shold be made by then ."}
{"src": "( on ) hello , i do n't hear anybody yet . hello . does it work ? ( chi ) hi . yeah . ( do ) hi . ( 12 ) how are you . ( on ) yes . so , are we missing anyone ? we have all partners present show i- if people so- thanks for coming . this call should be quick , hopefully . there is nothing that i would know about that we need to discuss uh , like in in in a very big detail , ehm . so let 's get started . and if other people join then , well , ehm they can tell us further for the details . so ehm what is my first question is to chiara . ehm after we have have had the call on monday , what is the proposed development schedule . and when there could be some preliminary some prototype implementation that we could test . so if we have chiara on the call . i saw her . but her camera is disabled and i do n't know if she can speak . so we see miller joining as well . so chiara are you on the call ? or maybe she still- yeah never mind . so ehm let 's wait for chiara . and we also , do we have phil ? here are not yet . ( ph ) yeah , i 'm here , i 'm here with ( ? ? ) ( on ) yep . okay . great . so phil ehm what is the status of the marian worker ? because last week , you 've said that he you will ehm dust off your ( ? ? ) and how promising or problematic does it look now ? ( ph ) okay , so . ( according ) make some ( ? ? ) steps so far . so the plan is will be per voice welcome , will be mary sorrow , and in-between will be ( python sorrow ) that 's excepts sentences for translation from the per voice worker . and so per voice worker workable will probably just be forwarding requests . so this python based ( ? ? ) which would i do preproccessing and he can handly many , yeah , not so well the logic , where need to be dealing with partial sentences , but - ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) with partial sentences and then will forward the requester onto the ( marian ) server yourself . so a very basic python based , so to do the preprocessing and received request so yet - for translations forward ( ? ? ) and post him back . but i haven\u00b4t started on the actual per voice worker yourself . ( on ) but that should be feli- ehm easy to do that . because i think they probably even have something like that in the ( slt ) kit repository . did you call some translation system simply by pipe as well ? so , i think the the there should be almost ready per voice worker available . ( ph ) okay , yes and also the ( ? ? ) empty worker ehm . ( on ) ehm . ( ph ) probably i need to be some little bit adaptation for what i 'm doing anyway . ( on ) yeah . so that looks good . so i think that next week for example , you should know whether this proof of concept worked , or what do you have running to any issues . ( ph ) yeah , and we can start thinking about the tricky . ( on ) yeah , so for partial sentences , i think that they should be treated from the marian prospective as simple simply a different sentences , other sentences that we expected to process . so . so the per voice worker should send every segment to to marian for translation . and and that 's it . ( ph ) okay . ( on ) so ond\u0159ej does not see any difference . uh , assuming that the marian model would be trained to work reasonably well . ( chi ) hi , guys . sorry . i had some problem with the internet connection . ( on ) yeah . no problem . nice . glad that you 're here . partial sentences . okay . one thing that i would still like to know phil , is the handling of timestamps . ehm , handling of timestamps . so this is something that needs to be carefully checked , because timestamps will be later on important for the presentation platform . and we need to- we need to know where to start overwriting . and ond\u0159ej 's guess uh is that the ( ev ) worker should work well with timestamps and totaly hide them from the ( python ) and marian . so i think that to- like the timestamps should not go to the ( python ) server at all , ( ph ) okay . ( on ) but that 's my guess . and the the limitation with this approach is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment . but we do n't have any finer information . so the only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence or ( ? ? ) . is that ( ? ? ) problem . so this is something for chiara to know about . and think how if if these two timestamps and string comparison are sufficient for the presentation . per voice- ( chi ) sorry , ondrej , i did n't get the point . ( on ) yeah . so they uhm we have discussed this on in the monday call . how do we present partial translations and partial output . and how do we make sure that the updates are reasonably well displayed . so for updates you do n't want to repeat everything . and i think that we had something like the textfiled . yeah . ( chi ) sorry , at the presentation platforms must arrived only what we want to publish . so , the - . ( on ) yes . ( chi ) let 's say uhm peter out of the incremental updates must be done . ( on ) uhm , new one . i thought that our agreement on monday was different . and that the basic unit that you send to the presentation platform is called a textfield content . so , but then the textfield content can be sent several times as an update . and then at some point somehow there will be made a decision that let 's move on to the next textfield . and at that point the presentation platform would like scroll it up , and it would again start displaying whatever comes as as full textfield . it will be a replacing the content of the of the textfield with with the new messages . so this would be the partial sentences gradually expending gradually longer and longer sentences . and then again at some point uhm the- this would be like most scrolled up . and and another set of updates would be coming ( chi ) no no no , the presentation platforms is just presentation ( ? ? ) here . so hm it wil update the text ( ? ? ) incoming messages . but the incoming messages must be exactly what we want to be displayed on the uhm on the uhm subtitle . will not be implemented any logic to manage the partial hypoteses and partial translation output . ( on ) but the the scrolling the history of previous texts fields would that be supported ? ( chi ) hm , yes . ( on ) yes . so when do you decide whether the textfield should be replaced or scrolled up ? ( chi ) based on messages . a new message is a new subtitle to be displayed and it can subtitute the biggest one or update the let 's say the button of the textfield in order to let ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , so in other words yes part of the message that the presentation of platform is receiving is an indicator , whether this is an update . so replace the current field , or this is a new text field move the history up and populate the field with with this new content , right ? ( chi ) hm , i believe they- we treaty exactly at the same way . each message is intendent ( we ) new subtitle . ( on ) aaa , that 's bad . that ' - ( chi ) that 's just whether of presentation if we want to completly replace and use the history , or that we history scroll up . ( on ) yeah , i still hm we we- i think we need to discuss this again a fresh call . so , so ond\u0159ej ehm needs to discuss with chiara the updates versus history of text uhm text fields . yeah . so well once we discussed this . i think that we 'll arrive at the solution where the timestamp of the beginning would be the critical information . and as long as the timestamp is the same , the field should be replaced with with the new content . and if the timestamp is higher than the current the last text field should be like move to the history and and closed . and we would be displaying the the contents from this timestamp on . i think the the starting timestamp would be the critical uhm point . ( chi ) i suggest to discuss again about it . ( on ) yeah . okay . yeah . okay . so , for phil i do n't think there is anything changes . but we will let you know if if we see something like that . so chiara when you were fighting with your network connection , i had one question on you . and that was the development schedule for the presentation platform after we have discuss it on monday . so , would there be any prototype available uhm- at a work point would would there be any prototype avalaible ? ( chi ) there 's no prototype available at the moment , i 'm sorry . ( on ) yes , that 's expected . i would not expect any prototype today . ( chi ) okay . but when when would do you have one ? ( chi ) last time i discuss about it the first prototype presentable should be at the 15th of june . i know it 's realy uhm close to our deadline , but this is the only information i have that ( ? ? ) . of course we can on work on our let 's say raw prototype ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , yes , so ( chi ) probably the development team ( ? ? ) have something close to be fine advertial to use as prototype , but we can have some working maybe for ( ? ? ) . i do n't have any other information . ( on ) yeah . yeah . so yes , i would really like to see let 's finish prototype sooner . so that to me like find whatever problems are are there as soon as possible . ( chi ) yes , i understand . ( on ) yeah , okay . great , so another question that i have and that 's maybe for carlsruhe if- so who who we have from carlsruhe , only tyson . so maybe tyson would not would not like have have the power to decide this . do we plan to run any alphaview workers in prague , so especially the asr the asrs of english and other things as a fall back solution . and also this could be relevant to the alphaview calls with live subtitling . we have not- we have decided not to use the alphaview platform today , because we are still checking some of the recording qualities . and we have people here with linux machines only . but essentially alphaview is very far in the implementation . so they are able to connect to the per voice platform and then the whole chat window is flooded with the messages not enough workers available . so i thought that it would be interesting , uh maybe good idea to start as many workers as possible at uh in carlsruhe . and if there is some hardware limits , we can also run some from here . so that 's that 's why i 'm asking this clones of alpha workers to run in prague . tyson , would you ehm would you have any idea , if if this is easy to do of interest and useful . and and so on ? ( ty ) i only ( ? ? ) more worker and now is sexteen or fifteen worker asr , who are close connected ( ? ? ) . it 's one thing . and second thing are not sure about that wayteh- it will we have the platform . i will have the ( ? ? ) and whether we can start i think it maybe ok . and ( it be ) can view some no ( ? ? ) voice and ( ? ? ) somewhere i think it is okay we also ( ? ? ) other things . so our thing is okay . ( on ) yeah , okay . so so is good that there that many workers now , so i i actually suggest that we try after this c- . this part of the call to switch to the alphaview platform , at least with some of us those who are interested , and we could see how that works with the workers available . so i would like to make use of that you spend some time to run them . so i would be curious myself to see how that works if the workers are available . okay , so the summary is that ( kit ) will prepare an image , and ( tsuni ) will try to get that running . yeah . ok , but- but since you are able to provide sixteen workers , and it is not too big burden for you , right ? sixteen workers it 's okay . you can do it like whenever we like and and then for them . yeah ? ( ty ) now i think we need to sets worker with- also i have the things i 'm ( ? ? ) and ehm the things running on the same ( ? ? ) so , yeah , some ( ? ? ) we stand when we need more worker i think we have to stop limit number workers . ( on ) yeah . so what is what is- so sixteen is already not comfortable for you ? ( ty ) i have been check it carefully i- yeah because we have the limit number ( ? ? ) and maybe that it the same time ( ? ? ) working at the same time maybe ( ? ? ) like we have the . i mean it is one list ( ? ? ) internet ( ? ? ) with , ( ? ? ) and the also from memory or ( ? ? ) limit number to memory also ( ? ? ) . ( on ) okay , so yes . so in in the long-term , it would be useful to have this image spread out for the various reasons that you mentioned , for the uh workshop itself we should be good . okay . yeah . so it 's the priority of this image is not- uh not high . and so the- there is no real rush with this image . i would say . so i think that we we should be fine relying on , but that 's please talk to sebastian , what he thinks , because in some early stage we discuss that for just for a backup purposes . it would be better to have this . uuh , to have two sides providing the workers . um . so ask sebastian agrees that backup sides of asr workers is very- well sensible thing to do . yeah . okay . yeah , thank you very much . and after the call i 'll reboot to windows . and i 'll see if i can connect that room . if if i see the workers . so whoever is curious on the presentation , please use the ( alphaview ) link , well tea if you could find this ( alphaview ) link and aaa- and posted here . yeah . to be tested with ( alphaview ) after this call , and here 'll be the oral . yep . ( ? ? ) platform is ready . so milo\u0161 are you here ? we have , i seen you but i can not hear yet . so once milo\u0161 , can can speak ? hopefully we will learn where when we will be getting the files for domain adaptation and so on . yes , milo\u0161 , was that you ? that was someone . yeah , asr worker the bug . so this is this is probably something that dominic added . ( do ) yes . ( on ) yeah . so what-ehm- have we seen another situation ? i know that in the call yesterday , with alphaview the workers worked at the beginning . but at the end of the call it seemed that there are totally know available worker . so it seemed like that during the uh , the session yesterday . the workers have one by one died out . ( do ) yeah . i did n't attend the yesterday meeting , but the bug that i mentioning is that sometimes the work , one worker can handle several sessions , but then it 's , but then it stocks and it does n't return any output . ( on ) so , and when you see say several session you mean consecutive ones like one after another . ( do ) yes . it seems that it 's it 's available . but in fact he does n't output anything . so . ( ty ) yeah . i will ( ? ? ) us , but yesterday so yeah i do n't know what is happening there , because we ( ? ? ) when i do know what ( ? ? ) prophones it was able to handling several sessions . and that ( ? ? ) i think it in one sentence it ehm it yeah output ( ? ? ) and i ca n't ( ? ? ) fancy ( ? ? ) call but it ( ? ? ) it was in call , so i have no idea , i think i -- this is a ( ? ? ) i think i had to ( ? ? ) information and then ( ? ? ) maybe i can hopefully i can see the one simply wrong come from- ( on ) yeah . so i think it's- it 's very important tyson that you create a script that will like replicate it this bug . so that you will maybe set up , maybe maybe there could be a set up support per voice mediator , and you would connect only one worker to this mediator and and ( do ) our only ( support ) input fingerprint . or in- ( on ) yes , yes , yes . so use as input fingerprint and keep like loading importer or keep requesting asr from one copy . one instance of your worker . in a script . do it with offline it we have the same problem with offline asr . so not only online asr . so do it with offline asr . as and as soon as as the worker stops responding . and i do n't know . so , so this script is should be like a stress test , and you can put it to the cruise control repository . and then mo- most importantly you need to run it and figure out where the problem is and then the bucket , but- yeah . ( chi ) okay . of course . if there is anything we can do in order to help you the publing the problem , we stand us careful ( ? ? ) the mediator ( ? ? ) to test just your worker for some- or anything else we are avalaible . ( on ) and a single worker and ehm stress test it yeah . okay . great . thank you . the production client- yeah , so this is from dominik . ( do ) yes . that this point the production client is different from the simple one only by a by- i change only the default parameters and comment send documentations , and i removed to windows version . so so is it okay for everyone ? that we do n't need to support windows version of the client . ( chi ) for us is fine . also linux based the- ( do ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , okay , yes , and then the text text client . that 's also the same ( ev ) client or not ? ( do ) yes , it 's it 's it 's also . no if you click on this on this test that it 's different different script . but it 's also from the from the sample . it 's the same as in the sample and it did n't for for me this week . i wrote email to chiara and tyson and felix . i did n't get any replies . so . if can you look at it . ( on ) yes . so , ehm . ( chi ) may i ask you to for one it 's to be ? ( do ) okay , yes . ( chi ) sorry . ( do ) i write you again . ( on ) dominic will resend the email . yeah . so . chiara and felix , yeah . ( do ) but i 'm not sure if felix is the rigt persons for it . ( on ) yeah . ( do ) can you confirm tyson ? who is responsible for mt clients on your side . ( ty ) hmmm , you mean the person ? i think- ( on ) yes . ( ty ) felix is working for the mt- ( do ) yeah , okay . so i will , i will try . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( do ) thank you . ( on ) thank you . so the last point , uh , is uh , the schedule . well this is all the weeks . so we have up to four calls . and then we already have the the workshop , so is anybody , does anybody know that they are not able to make it to the the uh , since uh , the same time , an hour earlier than today on fridays ? if you have any problems with these calls . and if there is more people who though problem , please put it in the in the document here , and we will find a slightly different hour . but i think that in general we just need to synchronize . so we do n't always need everybody . yeah and seeing the workshop dates . uh . is anybody planning to come to prague ? last time , you did n't respond . so if you are starting to uh , to plan it , please let us know . ( chi ) i will not be there , sorry , i i hope be more useful here in trento checking blogs and everything . ( on ) okay . okay , ( chi ) but i can be with you with my heart . ( on ) chiara to support us remotly . yeah . okay , so , i think it 's still too early to solid final lists are in the mt models . this is what was kind of plan for today . uh , i do n't have any other comments or questions now , so i 'm going to reboot and i 'll try to lodge the alphaview . you can try launching it in the meantime yourself , if it works for you , if you are all windows already . and uh if you do n't connect to alphaview . then thanks lot . and and will be in touch and speak to you next week . next friday . ( chi ) okay , bye . ( on ) bye . ( do ) bye .", "tgt": "ond\u0159ej and phil discuss about marian worker and preprocessing . probably is needed adaptation . marian model would be trained to work reasonably well . ond\u0159ej and phil discuss about handling of timestamps . limitation is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment . only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence . ond\u0159ej and chiara continue and discuss about textfield . they needs to discuss the updates versus history of textfields . phil will be informed if needed . ond\u0159ej and chiara discuss about prototype . the first presentable prototype should be at the 15th of june . ond\u0159ej prefer prototype sooner . ond\u0159ej discuss with tyson the plan to run any alphaview workers in prague . ond\u0159ej thought it would be interesting to start as many workers as possible in carlsruhe and if there is hardware limits it is possible to run some from prague . ond\u0159ej ask tyson for discuss this with sebastian . after the call , ond\u0159ej will test the alphaview . ond\u0159ej , dominik , chiara , tyson discuss the asr worker bug . dominik inform that sometimes one worker can handle several sessions , but then it stocks and it does n't return any output . ond\u0159ej say that it 's very important that tyson create a script that will like replicate it this bug . there could be a set up support per voice mediator , use fingerprint as input and keep like loading importer or keep requesting asr from one copy . production client from dominik is different from the simple one by change the default parameters and he removed to windows version . ond\u0159ej inform others that in case they have problem with calls they could put it in the document and will be found a slightly different hour . it is needed to synchronize . next meeting will be next friday ."}
{"src": "( a ) ( ? ? ) there ? 00:06 ( b ) yeah . 00:07 ( a ) can you hear me now ? 00:09 ( b ) yes , ( you ) can . 00:10 ( a ) okey , yes , so i use this - this microphone is no longer usable 00:16 ( a ) this microphone is the recognisory , , the recognition . 00:22 ( c ) yeah , this works well . 00:23 ( a ) yeah , so the recognition works ( wee ) , but i 'm unable to us the microphone for the call itself . 00:30 ( a ) , okay . 00:32 ( a ) so , , thank you ( ? ? ) for joining , i actually assumed that you will be away 00:37 ( a ) and that 's - that 's great that we have someone from edinburgh - 00:39 ( a ) , and , yeah we have we have everyone probably because milo\u0161 is not responding 00:47 ( a ) i emailed him yesterday - 00:48 oh , , okay and - 00:51 ( a ) , milo\u0161 is responding , okay , 00:54 so milo\u0161 will join a little bit later - 00:56 ( a ) and he wo n't have headsets 01:02 ( a ) so , , the goal for today will be to get everything ( money ) on this full workload , 01:09 ( a ) so dominik and and jon\u00e1\u0161 , who are here , , i can show you , , they 're behind me - 01:15 ( a ) we are - we are trying to get everything running - on our side , so that we have more ( interchannels ) . 01:24 ( a ) , and , i think that on your side everything hould be okay , so- 01:30 ( a ) , maybe if , sh should be yeah okay , 01:34 ( a ) so let 's first go through the topics in the- , in the document 01:40 ( d ) ( hey ) guys , good morning . 01:41 ( a ) yep , hi , morning , great- 01:43 ( a ) , so , i suggest to first go through the topics in the ( elitr ) document 01:49 , ( ? ? ) document , 01:51 and then do any ( debugging ) which is necessary to see - to see what is working and what is not working . 02:00 ( a ) and we also have milo\u0161 , , yeah milo\u0161 is ( ? ? ) free , i guess . 02:06 ( a ) so , , the logistics , is - full wednesday , is surely avilable . 02:13 ( a ) so that 's important for those who 're coming here from - from abroad . 02:18 ( a ) we can already get to ( ? ? ) for - call the whole wednesday , 02:21 ( a ) and tuesday afternoon is also very likely . 02:25 ( a ) so please talk to ( tea ) and let her know when you are here . 02:30 ( a ) the real ( video mixer ) is ordered an will be there , so this is something that we can experiment with and hopefully we can get it running . 02:39 ( a ) the fingerprints - 02:41 ( a ) thanks for everybody who contributed and checked this fingerprints map . 02:46 ( a ) maybe i should start sharing my screen instead of the camera . 02:50 ( a ) so ( i'l ) , stop my camera , share my screen , , 02:59 ( a ) hello , yeah , so this fingerprints map it 's now a bit more legible , because it 's ( ? ? ) 03:10 03:13 ( a ) and - dominik is like overseeing this and and checking if everything is missing . 03:22 ( a ) i have n't had the time to update the diagram , the sketch , so in essence the - the ( ? ? ) sheet is ( ? ? ) - 03:29 ( a ) and this should be the grapf , but we do n't have - we do n't have the graph . 03:33 ( a ) this is - the graph would take much time to to construct . 03:39 ( a ) okay , so as i said , , for today i would really like to see the full workload , 03:46 ( a ) so all of your imputs , , and all target languages in the presentation platform - 03:51 ( a ) to see how that behaves . 03:52 ( a ) and i would also like to test ( those ) - to switch the ( ? ? ) -line during someone - someone 's talk . 03:59 ( a ) so , , one of the channels should be followed - should be like recorded , for example . 04:05 ( a ) we can think that this is one of the re-speakers , , and , we would like to switch the subtitles to present another source of that language . 04:14 ( a ) so if several imput ( englishs ) , and we would like to switch those . 04:19 ( a ) yeah , so , everything is going - 04:24 so , ( ? ? ) ( chiara ) or ( ivan ) can you please explain ? 04:28 ( d ) yes ( sure ) , 04:31 ( a ) yeah . 04:32 ( d ) the presentation platform available ( ? ? ) is not yet ( updated ) 04:39 ( d ) ( ? ? ) support and switching ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( friends ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) a working copy will be ( deployed ) next week . 04:50 ( d ) ( ? ? ) 04:53 ( a ) yeah . 04:53 ( d ) you ( ? ? ) ( a ) yeah . ( d ) today . ( d ) ( ? ? ) support ( ? ? ) publishing ( ? ? ) different languages , but they all ( may be ) published with using the english as ( ? ? ) language . 05:06 ( d ) unfortunately , , ( ? ? ) is not 05:10 ( a ) as - ( a ) i - , i - , yeah i ( ? ? ) , yeah 05:14 ( a ) the voice quality is again not perfect . ( a ) , so , i hear your voice interrupted at times . 05:21 ( a ) so i thought that for this check we want you to do the switching by killing ( off ) the ( ? ? ) -lines , and using the bridge selecting different bridge worker starting ( up ) a different bridge worker and starting ( up ) the - the ( ? ? ) -line again . 05:39 ( a ) so the different bridge would be - would be used and the different path would be selected . 05:45 ( a ) so- 05:45 ( d ) yes . 05:46 ( a ) for this - for this check today , i wanted to use the setup which you already work ( ed ) in the past . 05:52 ( d ) okay , sorry again and thank you . 05:55 ( a ) yeah , so this - this should - we should be able to ( test ) this . 06:00 ( a ) so , maybe - i 'll just say , so - yeah , we 're testing the old option , the bridge workers to select the ( ? ? ) 06:19 ( a ) please explain whether the - the ( planned ) behaviour for the next week . 06:37 ( a ) yeah , so , so ( chiara ) actually since you are here , you were not here when i was saying that wednesday is also available for the full ( guesting ) at ( south premises ) . 06:48 ( a ) when - and i heard that you are coming , which is great . 06:51 ( a ) so , i- is that true ? 06:52 ( a ) are you coming ? 06:53 ( a ) yes . 06:57 ( a ) yeah i have n't heard you - 06:58 ( d ) yes . 06:59 ( a ) okay , , and , when are you coming ? 07:03 ( a ) are you coming during wednesday ? 07:05 ( a ) so you will be ( hore ) - here only on wednesday evening or even earlier ? 07:09 ( d ) , i do n't ( ? ? ) 07:12 ( d ) i have to ask ( ? ? ) journey . 07:15 ( a ) yeah , so , so as ( said ) , wednesday is surely available from the very morning and tuesday afternoon is also extremely likely . 07:27 ( a ) so , if you come already at tuesday lunchtime , we will make use of all the available ( ? ? ) very well . 07:34 ( a ) so tuesday lunchtime would be already sensible arrival , if you can make it . 07:40 ( d ) okay , i can ask you about ( ? ? ) 07:42 ( a ) yeah , ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) 07:47 ( d ) okay , okay , i will ask you . 07:49 ( a ) yeah , yeah , okay , thank you . 07:52 ( a ) yeah and than - so , ( we 'll do ) the testing in the second , once - once dominik is - is - ( has ) put everything together and on , and so on . 08:02 ( a ) what ( ow ) - what occured to me as a usable thing is ( ? ? ) ( the ) various thing would be if all the interpreters int he four ( booths ) would see their subtitles as the 're being recognised . 08:18 ( a ) so for example now if i saw me , if i saw my own english among the - on the subtitles , which , for some reason , does not , yeah - 08:27 oh okay , something is being updated and i do n't see the actual words . 08:32 ( a ) so , i can not ( tune ) my pronunciation to improve - to improve what is being reco- recognised or how do i - how close am i to the microphone and and so on . 08:45 ( a ) so if we are able to provide the interpretors with the immediate feedback , i believe the quality would be much better . 08:54 ( a ) for this , , charles university can bring sufficient laptops , we 'll somehow get them , 08:59 i do n't know , wha have four but we will try . 09:02 ( 1 ) but , we need the setup to - to be there . 09:07 ( a ) so , milo\u0161 , are you ( or ) on the call ? 09:09 ( a ) milo\u0161 , milo\u0161 , are you here ? ( a ) can you hear us ? 09:15 ( a ) ( ? ? ) milo\u0161 , are you - here ? 09:26 ( a ) so let 's see if milo\u0161 is here . 09:29 ( a ) i want you to doublecheck with milo\u0161 , whether the - whether they can still connect ( formal ) laptops to the internet . 09:38 ( e ) hello , hello . 09:43 ( a ) yes , we can hear you . 09:45 ( e ) great , so i am here . 09:49 ( a ) yeah , so , can you connect for more laptops to the internet ? 09:53 ( a ) i guess that should not be any problem . 09:56 ( b ) i guess it should not , but i do n't know about the capacity of the switch , so , yeah , i should check . 10:02 ( a ) yeah , so the idea is to - to have notebooks also in the interpreters ' ( booths ) , but we can run into physical limits , maybe there is not enough space on their desk and - and so on . 10:13 ( a ) and- but if we - if we succeed with the physical setup , then - my idea is that in the ( ? ? ) languages we would also have these specific for languages or fake language labels , 10:29 which would correspond to the asr of the individual ( booths ) - like ( ride away ) . 10:38 ( a ) and , i have not thought about the details , about the fingerprints , 10:42 i - i ( let ) this to - to dominik . 10:46 ( a ) what is my little worry is thay we will actually need yet another for couple of asr , the corresponding language asr workers . 10:56 ( a ) but , if we can do it in a different way , it would be better . 11:03 ( a ) so this is like an idea and i would like ( that ) dominik and - and ( chiara ) or - ( ? ? ) to discuss how to do this , so that the network load is - is not duplicated again . 11:15 ( a ) so this is , pl- please discuss this a- if you say it 's too complicated let 's - let 's give up on this . 11:22 ( a ) but , , if - i thing it would - 11:25 ( d ) my - my only wor- worry is about ( ? ? ) , let 's say , service languages ( like ) ( ? ? ) one ( ? ? ) two and so on . 11:38 ( d ) , you will have - those service languages displayed also in the main page yeah of presentation platform . 11:46 ( d ) and , so , also - ( an ) users will be yes allowed to choose one of them , and - i do n't know if it 's suitable or not . 11:57 ( d ) in - in my opinion , yeah ( a ) i think it 's okay , i like i would not worry . okay 12:04 ( 1 ) ehm , maybe - maybe we can ( lang- ) we can label these special languages only with numbers . ( a ) maybe call it like ( x1 ) , ( x2 ) , ( x3 ) , ( x4 ) . 12:16 ( d ) any idea ? 12:18 ( a ) so - so then , no one would be likely to- to choose it and if they discover and they were like to follow these direct ( booth ) channels then why not . 12:29 ( a ) but , like it 's not our problem . 12:31 ( b ) so these- these are only the - the outputs from asr ? 12:40 ( a ) yes , exactly . 12:42 ( b ) okay . 12:45 ( a ) so the idea is - how to set up like a little path out from the main path , which goes through the translation and all that . 12:56 ( a ) the - the little path out directly to - to the presentation platform . 13:02 ( a ) okay , so let 's - let 's move forward , so - a very relavant thing is that we would - we should try o collect some feedback from the participants . 13:15 ( a ) and w- we ( s ) have only created but not - not yet populated the feedback form . 13:22 ( a ) so if you have any ideas what to ask , simply create a random questions we 'll ( polish ) this . 13:28 ( a ) obviously , we will not aks this questions before we actually know how it works . 13:34 ( a ) like if - if - if it - fails completely , there 's no point in asking like- were you happy with translation ( quality ) ( ? ? ) polish - so , we 'll only ask the questions that are relevant . 13:45 ( a ) so we 'll keep updating this form as we go . 13:47 ( a ) my main well , actually , yeah sorry i ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah ( d ) we have a lot of questions regarding the user interface , okay ( d ) the fun- functionalities and - you know ( there 're two ) maybe presentation ( al ) platform more comfortable great for the user . 14:03 ( d ) so we can - put a lot of questions regarding these parts . 14:07 ( a ) yes , exactly , so k- feel free to create a new section here or whatever . 14:11 ( a ) ( though ) into form modified as - as - as you like ( okey ) and we 'll organise a ( ? ? ) google form anyone can edit it 14:18 and , we 'll finalise the content of the form actually on wednesday i suggest . 14:25 ( a ) so that , on - on thursday we can give it to the participants . 14:30 ( d ) thank you . 14:33 ( a ) so if anyone would like to know anything about their part , , feel free to add such questions in a way that is understandable to - like a - late users . 14:43 ( a ) yeah , and the last thing i wanted to mention is this video , that we would like to record from - from that , as you know the - the video form the ( ? ? ) was quite successful at least for u- for ourself , i think . 14:59 ( a ) and , this time i have a student jour- journalist , a phd . student of journalism , so he should be the more skilled . 15:10 ( a ) we are still waiting for the confirmation from ( sao ) , whether they- have no objections against this . 15:16 ( a ) and , i think that milo\u0161 ( will not know ) today,15:19 i think that ( sao ) finally decide only on monday . 15:23 ( a ) , but , anyway , i told the person that we would like , even if ( sao ) does not ( hello ) him to - to go to the premises , that we would still like to do it well outside of the building , or at charles university , or wherever . 15:38 ( a ) so , this is - this is the google document which would be then the content of the video . 15:45 ( a ) and these- the journalist never know what to tell you , wh- what they should ask , or what- what ( he ) should tell them , so actually it 's up to us to - to propose the propose the content . 15:56 ( a ) they - they will then organise it in a nice way , but we need to suggest what - what should appear in the video . 16:02 ( a ) so , please , if you have any ideas sorry , just ( put ) them there . ( ? ? ) , okay . ( d ) , the problem is - for the guy is to ( ? ? ) building or to ( recover ) - recall ( the inside it ) . 16:13 ( a ) so well the- the person is avaiable and has the whole day for us , but ( sao ) needs to approve that he can enter the building , which is - which they probably allow without any problems , 16:27 and that he can record and what he can record . 16:30 ( a ) , i think ( there ) - is many sensible ways how he can record something and still not record any of the participants , and not our ( inper ) - iterpreters as well . 16:41 ( a ) and we would still like to see these parts of the video , but in general , someone needs to confirm , that - that he can be there with the equipment . ( d ) okay , please let us also know if it 's possible to record ( the ) something inside the - the building , because maybe we - we can ( have ) been providing recording by ourselves , at least some - some ( scene ) of the situation and of the ( booth ) and ( ? ? ) and so on . yes , exactly ( ? ? ) 17:11 ( a ) yeah yeah , so ( ? ? ) video what - what i - what i also have is a - is a - like a regular camera , big one , that i use at the - at the ( ? ? ) , so , i also - well- t- try to - get some material as a background , possible background images . 17:32 ( a ) but obviously , someone has to be fine with that . 17:34 ( a ) is - a - the - the room yes , sure is not in the street regime , the - the room , the lecture room , is - you do n't need an id card to enter this room , ehich is different from the normal premises of ( sao ) . 17:45 ( a ) so , if i - when i visit milo\u0161 in his offices , i need to show my id , they record and - and so on . 17:52 ( a ) and - and they double-check that i do n't have any knives , and all the security gates . 17:58 ( a ) but , the - the - presentation or the - the workshop room is a normal one . 18:04 ( a ) so it 's - it 's easier to get there and - but ( sao ) has to confirm that they are fine with that . 18:10 ( a ) okay , so okay 18:13 ( 2 / 4 ? ? ) ( ? ? ) is not working ( ? ? ) , is it ? 18:15 ( a ) what is not working ? 18:17 ( e ) i am checking my microphone , because - i do n't see my name like ( ? ? ) , so i thought it was broken and now it 's finally working we can hear you , we can hear you , okay . 18:28 ( 2 ) so , the thing is , even with the interpreters , there was this requirement for the confidentiality or ( no dis ) closure , so i do n't think it will be this easy to - get permission to record anything . 18:42 ( a ) yeah , so the idea is to record like the setting and what we do there , so the ( wires ) and an empty room , or interpreter 's ( booth ) or maybe to watch our participants , 19:00 the - like the biggest thing would be to watch our participants from behind . 19:05 ( a ) and s- like- a- maybe at some point , when there is nothing interesting or w- where the screen is actually not visible at all . 19:13 ( a ) and- and the content of the - of what they are talking should not have ( be ) in the - in the video . 19:19 ( a ) so we can make , maybe , like ( 2 ) yeah , and you will ( probably meet ) - also someone ( disclosure ) ( for ) - from the journalists , because ( ? ? ) he will be there , he will hear stuff . 19:36 ( a ) that 's right , so ( that ) we can - we can ask him to sign the same thing as the interp- you 're right , okay . 19:45 ( a ) so we'll- we 'll figure this out . 19:46 ( a ) so this is - this is for ( tea ) 19:47 ( a ) can you email tea , that we need to have - because what the journalist- we can not simply say that he followed the like code of conduct of interpreters . 20:01 ( a ) because journalists have different codes of conduct . 20:03 ( a ) so , we 'll - we 'll have a ( nondisclosure ) agreement for - for him as well . 20:10 ( a ) and we can also confirm - i guess the - the regime here is the same as - as ( with ) the interpreters . 20:15 ( a ) so it 's us who confirm ( s ) ( to ) you , the ( sao ) , that they have signed this non ( ? ? ) agreement and they will not do any - any bad thing . 20:26 ( a ) and it 's our responsibility . 20:28 ( a ) so that 's - that 's not problem ( i hope so ) yeah . 20:33 ( a ) so that 's - that 's not a problem . 20:35 ( a ) but please since the time is getting short please - like - swiftly communicate any - any concerns , so that we can - we can have him there and - and record it . 20:47 ( a ) so in the worse case ( yeah , ( ? ? ) regarding concerns , yeah ) yeah ( e ) there were even concerns from the participants that- the - thing the - things there will be talk - they will be talking about - will - be - well , will ( leak ) too soon . 21:04 ( a ) so ( there ) are definitely concerns , with the ( ? ? ) . 21:07 ( a ) okay . ( a ) okay , s- yeah , so well - i thing it 's - it 's something that we all can sign that we are not going to leak anything and that will be very careful about the data and - all that , but - obviously , ( yeah ) you- you have to decide . 21:28 ( a ) so - so - i do n't know , maybe - maybe some of the sessions should be like close ( d ) for us or - i do n't know what - what the setup would be . 21:40 ( a ) yeah , ( on ) - okay . 21:45 ( a ) so - so milo\u0161 , your - your microphone is now ( very well ) - we - we hear your typing ( frantically ) , i guess ( it 's not ) - not me , not me . not - okay . 21:57 ( a ) so someone else anyway , let 's - 22:01 ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( a ) is it barry ? 22:05 ( c ) not me . ( ? ? ) ( a ) no - no , i do n't know , we hear someone typing ( very ) loud . 22:10 ( a ) yeah , okay , so let 's get the experiment running . 22:15 ( a ) i am talking , so i 'll now - i 'm talking and i 'm watching the subtitles . 22:23 ( a ) and , i 'm not sure it 's - if it 's recognising what - what i am saying . 22:33 ( a ) my ( softer ) lines of english yes . is ( ? ? ) yes , it 's - it 's recognising you . 22:37 ( a ) but what is being dispayed in the subtitles is totally wrong . 22:42 ( a ) so if you look at the subtitles it does n't make any sense whatsoever . 22:48 ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( it was microphone but - i - i touched ) 22:52 ( a ) ( that ) 's reasonable , i would say - ( f ) i - i will check what- what does it listen to yeah . 22:59 ( a ) yeah , so maybe we have the problem with the input quality , which can happen all the time - 23:04 ( f ) no it 's good . 23:06 ( a ) yeah , so that 's - my voice correctly arise , so ( not ) french , hungary , italian , dutch , polish , roman ( ian ) spanish - 23:17 ( a ) so i have the - full set of subtitles , but i do n't have - i see only some messy german and some yes completely broken english , so we still have only two english segmenters so we can run at most two languages at once . 23:35 ( a ) oh , and we do n't have anyone from ( ? ? ) . 23:39 ( f ) yes . ( ? ? ) some day to go 23:41 ( f ) yes tody i wrote them email to run- ten ( two ) segmenters , but they did n't replied . 23:47 ( a ) yeah , so for now i suggest that we all keep connected to this call and we 'll do the ( debugging ) an- at various places and if you are not ( debugging ) at - anything at any point , then - well - just keep working on whatever you have to do - 24:18 otherwise , but please keep listening in , so that when you have problem we can ask immediately . 24:25 ( a ) and - i 'll have to leave for another call in thirty minutes from now , but dominik and jon\u00e1\u0161 will be here and- another thing that we still have not started ( debugging ) is the - is the video - broadcastings , so we should make yoursel ( f this ) opportunity and see - yeah - if i can - if i can shift the video from linux ( mischief ) for example . 24:56 ( a ) so ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( a ) say it again ? ( ? ? ) german is being- is going to be published ? ( f ) yes , i - i - i - i turned ( english ) off and i started german , 25:10 cause i struggled with - ( plunging ) english and german at once . 25:17 ( f ) so i am going to r- ( rum ) them separately . 25:22 ( c ) s- so can we see this ( ? ? ) somewhere ? ( 1 ) yes , it 's elitr . ( ? ? ) . com 25:38 ( c ) , it 's not ( ? ? ) ( translation ) service ( then ) . 25:41 ( 1 ) it is not ? 25:44 ( c ) was a- was a question . 25:47 ( 1 ) this should be using your translation service , right ? 25:51 ( f ) i - i am not sure . 25:53 ( c ) i do n't think it 's ( logging ) anything but , ( ? ? ) is looking for the long files . 25:58 ( f ) yes , because we have english to german translator from ( ? ? ) so , i - i think - 26:03 o- okay , that 's - you ( must n't ) ( ? ? ) one . 26:05 ( c ) okay , okay . 26:06 ( f ) but let 's - let 's try romanian , 26:12 because there is only - ( your ) romanian . 26:18 ( c ) we have romanian ? 26:19 ( c ) oh let 's see . 26:20 ( f ) yes , we have . 26:24 ( f ) now i started it . 26:25 ( f ) so english i - i - ( no ) - no - ( f ) ond\u0159ej say something . 26:30 ( a ) okay , one , two , three , four . 26:33 ( c ) ( okay , i can ) - what i noticed in the english channel is that i still see a lot of old english subtitles , some words about microprhone and recognising and reasonable - 26:46 ( a ) and i think this is - these words were uttered by me several minutes ago . 26:50 ( 1 ) so i think it 's ( cashing ) terribly . ( a ) ( chiara ) , can you - can you confirm , can you somehow - is there a way to ( flush ) the cash ? 26:59 ( d ) a way to ( flush ) where 'd the cash be ? 27:04 ( a ) within the presentation platform . ( d ) in the protocol ( there 's ) the - let say ( flush ) ( message , who actually performs the ( flush ) of the ( ? ? ) . 27:18 ( d ) but actu- ( but and ) i think that ( ? ? ) is that there still be in- incremental transcription problem to be ( solved out ) . 27:31 ( d ) and because it - the same phrase is proposed several times , with sl- small differences . 27:40 ( d ) a- are you working on - on this problem or - or actually with ( this ) integration the - ( keep ) the asr or - 27:53 ( c ) ( beside ) - yeah , we ( do n't ) just ( aware ) ( ? ? ) we 're talking about this the other day ( and we 've forgotten ) , m- partially the same thing ( ? ? ) actually asr . 28:05 ( c ) i think ( ? ? ) ( explosive ) the paper and ( ? ? ) which explains it . 28:09 ( c ) ( zigzag ) ( c ) ( fel ) had some kind of simple cashing . 28:22 ( c ) yeah ( d ) the ( ? ? ) paper ( sieze ) , if i correctly unde ( stand ) the ( ? ? ) they maintain the start time the same until the ( ? ? ) is finalised , 28:40 and then they ( ? ? ) a new start time , when it goes on in the press ( diction ) . 28:47 ( c ) yeah , so , ( phil ) - ( phil ) - ( phil ) just said these ( ? ? ) loging to check this- 28:59 ( c ) am- i - i think the idea is he logs it to - to determine that it really is the algorithm specified to the paper . 29:06 ( c ) yes , ( so ) he has n't made any changes , we only noticed the paper yesterday . 29:13 ( a ) yes so maybe ( yes and yes . ) let's- let 's copy ( ? ? ) this link to - the google document , because in ( ? ? ) it appears in many - in various channels and it 's if you - if you ( ? ? ) it . ( c ) ( a ) but if you are looking at the subtitles at elitr . ( ? ? ) . com , then the english should be ( live ) what- from what i - what i 'm saying . 29:58 ( a ) so , there should be little or no delay between my words and what and what appears in the english - and - as for now - i - d - like at this point i see the english stuck and no words of mine . 30:14 ( f ) yes , ( ? ? ) - ( ? ? ) so fault now . 30:17 ( a ) okay . 30:18 ( f ) it - it 's ( ? ? ) . 30:20 ( ? ? ) only the romanian is running , but i ca n't see any output from it . 30:27 ( a ) yeah , i - i do n't see any output inthe romanian subtitles either . 30:31 ( a ) so can we somehow debug what is happening ? ( a ) where is my speech- where ( it ) stuck word does n't get through and why there is nothing in the - in the romanian . 30:46 ( a ) so how do we diagnose . 30:48 ( f ) i - i asked the asr workers , they are running or not or if they are available but - not responding . 31:01 ( g ) if i may ? 31:14 ( a ) yes . 31:15 ( g ) ( ? ? ) the - the very last published message i can se on - ( ? ? ) form the publisher is three minutes old now , so no one is publishing right now . 31:29 ( a ) yeah that 's - dominik says that that 's ( correct ) , so , dominik , please , let us now , when the publishing will start again and we will re ( ? ? ) - re ( ? ? ) things . 31:40 ( g ) okay . 31:45 ( a ) dominik , should i ( do the same ) something ? 32:21 ( a ) should i ( do the same ) something ? ( a ) ( ? ? ) who available o ( the asr ) workers , ane for some reason ( anyone here wo n't be ) - in the call . ( a ) no one can hear ( you ) . 32:43 tak\u017ee m\u00e1me tam dva- ( d ) hey guys , sorry , may i make a stupid question ? 32:56 ( a ) yeah . ( d ) did we invite ( ? ? ) ? 33:00 ( d ) because i think that it 's really important to have at least ( felix ) and ( ison ) participating this call . ( a ) donimik emailed them yesterday and they did not respond to that email at all ( ? ? ) five minutes ago and ( ? ? ) didn 's respond either . 33:19 ( d ) okay , so sorry . ( c ) so what 's the current problem , i 'm not sure the asr 's working . 33:38 ( a ) dominik , is the asr working at the moment ? 33:44 is the asr working at the moment ? 33:46 ( f ) ( we 're there ) ( a ) , people can not hear you , dominik , for some reason ( ? ? ) and now you can hear me , ( right ) ? yeah . 33:53 ( f ) now we - i can - or i ca n't share the screen , i - we have there two- two asr workers from english , which are available . 34:10 ( f ) and i just ( ? ? ) minute ago and they should output somethin , but they do n't . 34:21 ( a ) well i 'm not saying anything . 34:24 ( a ) ( ? ? ) t- they should be producing something only when i 'm talking . 34:30 ( c ) but you 're talking ( ? ? ) it ( did n't occur ) - yeah i 'm talkin now . ( c ) and there 's going nothing hitting the ( mt ) server ( ? ? ) ( f ) say something ond\u0159ej . 34:46 ( a ) yeah , one , two , three , four , one , yes . two , three , four . 34:50 ( f ) so ( these ) asr worker 's not working . 34:52 ( a ) so we ( had n't ) been the - like the old ( ? ? ) , the ( bug ) when the ( ? ? ) is not producing anything . 35:00 ( f ) yes , ( ? ? ) ( a ) how many asr workers are available and - two are registered as available , but one of them is not working , so i try this scond one . ( a ) ( f ) and if it 's - say something ond\u0159ej . ( a ) yes , one , two , three , four yeah . o- one , two , three , four ( a ) should i be saying somethin again ? 36:15 ( a ) one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four- so what i 'm going to do now is to try ( login ) to skype and- and reach the ( ? ? ) people on skype . 36:29 ( 1 ) if at all they are available . 36:32 ( f ) say something again . 36:55 ( a ) one , two , three , four . ( ? ? ) ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( a ) yeah , one , two , three , four - it did n't connect , okay , i sent a message to sebastian on skype hoping that we 'll connect - we 'll somehow get respond from ( ? ? ) . ( f ) can you stop sharing ( your screen ) ? ( a ) okay , yep yep yep . ( ? ? ) ( a ) ( ? ? ) ( do that ) - stop sharing . 38:42 ( a ) i 'm clicking - yeah . ( f ) so , here you can see that we are ( ? ? ) 39:06 ( d ) sorry guys , anothers question - did we use the ( ? ? ) send the audio in the ( march fair ) ? 39:18 ( d ) or we use a different client . 39:21 ( f ) we ( was ) ( the same eb-client ) ( ? ? ) . 39:25 ( d ) okay . 39:27 ( f ) so now , here we can see - that we have two - two asr wors- workers , but here - yeah - let 's see how many segmenters . 39:48 ( f ) o- okay so we run out of segmenters . 40:10 ( a ) okay . 40:17 ( f ) ( ? ? ) sector ( ? ? ) two texts . 40:19 ( f ) there is only one english segmenter and it 's not available , but two german . 40:29 ( f ) so we can switch for german input only . 40:37 ( a ) okay , so should i start ( saying something ) in german ? 40:41 ( f ) i - i change ( ? ? ) fingerprints . 40:48 ( d ) actually ( dario ) told me that ( sebastian ) i- is ( off ) office at the moment . 40:56 ( f ) yeah . ( a ) is out of office or i - i have n't understood ? 41:04 ( d ) ( dario ) told me - actually out of office . 41:15 ( a ) okay , so if no way to to notify anyone from ( ? ? ) - this is too bad . 41:24 ( d ) i 'm trying to - call ( ? ? ) in the office , ( we 've ) ( ? ? ) i think at least we have both number felix and the number of ( tyson ) , but at the moment none of them is answering . 41:38 ( d ) i am going to - ( ? ? ) right now . 41:39 ( a ) okay , yeah , thank you . 41:42 ( d ) ( ? ? ) 43:05 44:30 ( f ) so - so now we should be able to see - some german subtitles from - from many interpreters ( from ) one - mom- a mock-interpreter conference . 44:45 ( a ) i do n't see them , i see only the old - ( ? ? ) yes okay , yes , it 's running . 44:58 ( a ) so , then , can we go form german to english and ( ? ? ) english to other languages to ( pass ) the translation system from ( ? ? ) edimburgh . 45:11 ( f ) okay . 45:14 ( f ) no . 45:31 ( a ) why not ? ( f ) it 's - unable to ( ? ? ) okay ? 45:36 ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( f ) oh , let 's try this . 45:52 ( f ) and - ( no ) - ( cseu ) ( f ) so which part is ( there ) available ? 46:24 ( f ) there 's one segmenter again . 46:43 ( f ) let 's go - for - 46:55 ( f ) ( guys ) this not working . 47:20 47:50 ( f ) we ( launch ) this . 47:52 49:02 ( f ) yes . 49:04 ( a ) so , should i be ( ? ? ) all day - no , i- it 's from audio . 49:12 ( a ) okay - the input is from audio . 49:15 ( f ) yes , so we have german to polish ( ? ? ) english . 49:20 ( a ) so how do we make sure ( it depends ) on the subtitles now ? 49:24 ( f ) i did n't start the publisher - ( d ) felix ( ? ? ) and he told me that he 's going to run the workers right now . 49:34 ( a ) who , felix ? 49:35 ( d ) felix , yes . 49:37 ( a ) yeah . 49:38 ( f ) ( ? ? ) p- pl ( ? ? ) , ( it ) - it 's not ( right ) . 49:45 ( a ) ( plpl ) 49:47 ( f ) yes . 50:00 ( f ) now we should see polish subtitles . 50:03 ( f ) jeden , jeden , jeden , jeden . 50:05 ( a ) jeden , jeden , jeden , okay 50:07 ( f ) jedno i . 50:08 ( a ) by any chance , ( ? ? ) other recording and all the old recordings , for example from milo\u0161 50:20 ( g ) i - i have ( ? ? ) this desktop . 50:23 ( a ) so can you send it to me ( please ) ? 50:27 ( a ) ( ? ? ) from the desktop but ( there 're ) people who ( not ) see this ( thing ) . 50:30 ( g ) i can ( ? ? ) to ( my ) - ( d ) hey guys , ( what ) - so felix ( ? ? ) 50:40 51:16 ( a ) yep , so , i 'm right now trying to find space to - ( ? ? ) ( the worker ) , ( and ) please ( ? ? ) me . 51:24 ( a ) yes . ( h ) ( ? ? ) worker - might be a little more difficult because ( tyson ) is not here today for medical reasons . 51:30 ( h ) ( ? ? ) , yeah . but i will have a look . ( a ) so - so which i - i do n't know what like - what happened to ( tyson ) , i hope , that he - that he 'll get better soon . 51:45 ( a ) but last time hae also did n't know about the - the ( private ) call and the ( ? ? ) ( regularer ) , so , can you please make sure that like - you 're on the same page . 51:56 ( a ) we need to know when you 're not going to be available . 51:59 ( a ) and n- when i see you - ( ? ? ) and- ( h ) i did n't recieve ( doodle ) any more ( ? ? ) so - i - ( a ) yes ( ? ? ) because it 's the regular thing that every - every week we ( set ) - like - ( it ) - it is already month ago when we planned it for every friday . 52:17 ( a ) it was in the document . 52:19 ( h ) i must have missed ( that ) , okay,52:22 ( it 's ) on every week ( end ) . 52:23 ( a ) and- and also yesterday dominik was conducting ( tyson ) and i'm- and and- and maybe also you about the ( ? ? ) workers . 52:32 ( a ) so , please make sure this does n't hap- again - happen again that we are - like - reaching you and all the possible ways . 52:39 ( h ) but - but my mail was around 6 p.m. yesterday , so ( yeah , okay . ( h ) ( tyson ) was not ( ? ? ) today ( ? ? ) . 52:51 ( a ) yeah , but if you have also recieved the - the email probably , so ( what 's ) - 53:00 ( a ) let 's make sure that we are ( ? ? ) . 53:08 ( i ) ( kter\u00fd ty data si myslel ondro ? ) 53:54 ( a ) ( ? ? ) 54:00 ( i ) jak se to jmenovalo ? 54:01 ( i ) ( intosay ) wga transcript ( ? ? ) . jo , ( tak ) to bude ono , ano , to bude ono . ( a ) ( ? ? ) oni sou mo\u017en\u00e1 \u0148\u00e1k\u00fd ty ( ? ? ) ( zp\u0159etrhan\u00fd ) . 54:09 ( i ) oni sou taky v jinym form\u00e1tu , ne\u017e pot\u0159ebujem . 54:12 ( a ) jo . 54:14 ( i ) i kdy\u017e , vlastn\u011b ne . 54:21 ( i ) no , ale sou hrozn\u011b - 54:30 ( a ) so , this is just to let you know , you can still hear me - that i 'm now also joining the other call . 56:24 ( a ) so , i 'll try to mute myself ( ? ? ) to keep hearing myself when i 'll be talking to the other call , but that - ( what ) ( we ) ( rarely ) happening is elg . 56:34 ( a ) so barry , the first ( ? ? ) agenda is ( metaphorum ) and i said that there in the list it appears ( elitr ) most likely - edimburgh and your name was a question mark . 56:48 ( c ) okay , yeah that - that 's - that should be okay . 56:52 ( a ) yeah , exactly , so at this point yeah . i think it 's okay . 56:55 ( c ) okay , okay . 56:57 ( a ) so you 're not on the call , are you ? 57:00 ( a ) on- ( ? ? ) ( c ) oh , i 'm the ( lg-code ) now , yeah . ( at least ) ( ? ? ) from edimburgh . 57:06 ( a ) yeah , okay . and , - 57:08 ( c ) probably he 's going to metaphorum too , but - ( ? ? ) i can ask him yeah . to look after it later . 57:12 ( a ) yeah . 57:14 ( c ) ( a ) okay , so - 57:20 59:31 ( d ) sorry guys , what we are going to test right now ? 59:34 ( c ) yeah , is - is the testing still going on ? 59:48 ( c ) because , ( we ) should probably ( actually ) drop off ( ? ? ) reason ( ably ) soon . 59:52 ( d ) well , on- ondrej ( ? ? ) does , but dominik , are you still there ? 1:00:05 ( c ) i can ( see ) some - traffic - hitting a translation servers . 1:00:15 ( e ) chiara , do you hear me ? 1:00:27 ( d ) yes . 1:00:29 ( e ) well , this is probably not the perfectc- time , but i 'd like to ( raise ) the point of ( incriprion ) , that it would be nice to have - on the - on the presentation interface to have the ( htttps ) mandatory at least . 1:00:45 ( d ) but it 's not mandatory , but at the moment the https should work . 1:00:59 ( e ) yes , that 's correct , because for the- at least for the event it would be nice to have it mandatory , probably with some - at least a simple password . 1:01:11 ( e ) because if it 's - ( d ) at the moment , we have n't had any requirements for user ( authentication ) , but we ( willing ) to ( use ) it in the next versions,1:01:24 not for this event , sorry . 1:01:26 ( e ) oh , then i 'm not sure if you 'll be able to use it , that - that 's bad . 1:01:32 ( j ) hi , this is ( jonas ) , dominik is having some trouble with the connecting the internet- we - we will join soon - like - 1:01:47 ( d ) okay , , actually there is problem in managing user 's data . 1:01:58 ( d ) ehm , for the gdpr ( ? ? ) , and - ( the ) requires much more deep reasoning ( about ) - on how to ( store ) user data . 1:02:11 ( d ) milo\u0161 , what 's your - your point ? 1:02:32 ( d ) did you understand the problem ? 1:02:34 ( e ) ( ? ? ) ( doubt ) , can you repeat ? 1:02:36 ( d ) actually , there 's a problem in ( ? ? ) for storying a used data . 1:02:43 ( d ) and we require much more deep reasoning about it and this is the reason why in this version of this presentation platform we did n't store any ( ? ? ) data . 1:02:54 ( d ) neither username and password ( that they ) - 1:02:57 ( e ) oh , we don\u0165 need a ( ? ? ) participant username and password , one password for the whole call will be sufficient . 1:03:05 ( e ) and no usernames are needed , just something to prevent anyone from anywhere to listen ( in ) . 1:03:14 ( d ) < ehm okay , i understand , i can ask you ( to ) , but , actually , it was not planned . 1:03:20 ( d ) we will do our best of course , to - v pohod\u011b . to ( the ) - ( i ) can you hear me now ? 1:03:26 ( 3 ) yes , sure . 1:03:28 ( i ) hello , i apologise for - yeah . ( e ) for not saying it earlier , i hope you will be make - able to make just the most basic things . 1:03:40 ( d ) okay , , i cannnot ( promise ) it but we will ( work ) - we will start work on it as soon as possible . 1:03:51 ( e ) so now we should see french subtitles from english source from one recording from last year - 1:04:08 workshop 1:04:10 . ( e ) but i can 's see any output . 1:04:12 ( e ) so what 's happening ? 1:04:17 1:04:29 ( e ) i first tried the segmenter , english segmenter- ( e ) nothing - ( e ) there may be an error in the segmenter . 1:05:09 ( e ) from english to english . ( i ) ( ? ? ) i work out and have a look at ( ? ? ) 1:05:27 ( e ) yes , i ca n't get any output from segmenter but i ( ? ? ) get it from ( asr ) . 1:05:39 ( d ) milo\u0161 ? 1:05:42 ( d ) ( ? ? ) i aske d the ( ? ? ) the- o- ( ? ? ) that say super general authentication on the platform ( ? ? ) developer . 1:05:55 ( d ) and they ( pulled ) me that actually it 's - it 's easy to do things we already ( reason ) about it and it 's available for the ( ? ? ) , okay ? 1:06:09 ( e ) okay , thank you very much for the good news . 1:06:12 ( d ) yes i am ( ? ? ) so happy to know it . 1:06:16 ( e ) yeah , ( ? ? ) seems that - that one segmenter is running but the second one is not running . 1:06:55 ( e ) i does n't output anything . 1:06:59 ( i ) what do you mean by second segmenter ? 1:07:06 ( e ) i - i ( launched ) two instances of ( eb ) - client , two identical ones , one was from ( neu-lecture ) ( ? ? ) hybrid , into neu text , and it does n't output anything , and the second one was the same and it - 1:07:29 ( i ) yeah . 1:07:33 ( e ) ( now ) i can connect- ( ? ? ) or do you just get an- no output . 1:07:37 ( e ) i got - i 'm getting no output from the first one . 1:07:43 ( e ) and it 's connected . 1:07:44 ( e ) yeah , and , the second instance ca n't connect at all at this moment , but - yeah - oh - wait - wait - now it 's connected and it 's outputting - 1:08:01 the text , 1:08:04 ( e ) which seems that there 's the - the same ( ? ? ) asr ( but ) sometimes it does n't output anything . 1:08:15 ( e ) but is avai- but seems available . 1:08:18 ( i ) so i am - i right now have ten instances of this running all ( off ) ( putting ) hard files i - i do n't even know which one you 're connected to . 1:08:26 ( i ) because it 's - i could see you ( with this ) producing output because then it 's writing something to the ( logs ) . 1:08:31 ( i ) but it 's not producing output , then i can look at ( logs ) - is ( ? ? ) - yes . not producing output . 1:08:37 ( i ) ehm- yes . if you can connect and you - it say you get ( up ) ( pipelin ) then- then there should be definitely output if there is input . 1:08:48 ( i ) so , the problem might be - that - maybe the audio is not ( ? ? ) sent correctly . 1:08:55 ( e ) it ( sure ) be ( sent ) - right . 1:08:58 ( e ) because when i try un ( ? ? ) text instead of text , send it to - asr - now ( c ) sorry , i think i 'm gon na drop off this call , i can see that there - ( will we get ) text through ( hits ) the empty workers , our empty workers , but obciously we have n't ( ? ? ) to stress them yet . 1:09:41 ( c ) - yes . i - i 'm not sure , if you - yeah i 'm ( ? ? ) again we ( off ) ( ? ? ) contact for an hour or two . 1:09:51 ( c ) but try ( ? ? ) some ( slack ) anyway . 1:09:55 ( c ) ( ? ? ) is actually - okay . ( ? ? ) is actually flyingtoday so do n't think you 'll be ( in ) touch . 1:10:00 ( c ) but - okay , thanks . he a- sorry about that , now i - i should - i should leave now . 1:10:10 ( c ) okay , ( ? ? ) good luck for the ( debugging ) . 1:10:13 ( e ) yeah , thank you . 1:10:17 ( c ) bye bye , bye bye . 1:10:18 ( e ) bye , bye . 1:10:19 ( e ) bye . 1:10:20 ( i ) barry - ( d ) bye . 1:10:26 ( i ) sorry , dominik ? 1:10:28 ( d ) i asked yes . the ( ? ? ) the ( possibility ) the - in the previous afternoon and probably it 's not possible , i 'm sorry . 1:10:39 ( i ) what is not - ( d ) for us , for ( pre-voice ) to ( be ) there in the previous afternoon . 1:10:50 ( i ) okay . 1:10:51 ( d ) sorry . 1:10:53 ( i ) yes , so you can arrive on wednesday ? 1:10:57 ( d ) yes , but in - in the evening . 1:11:01 ( i ) okay . ( d ) yes , so we - we do what - what we can . 1:11:08 ( i ) barry pr\u00e1v\u011b vode\u0161el p\u0159ed chvili\u010dkou , tak - 1:15:37 ( d ) sorry guys , are we still testing something ? 1:17:40 ( d ) do you hear me ? 1:17:41 ( e ) yes i can hea- yes i can her you . 1:17:45 ( e ) i - i 'm - i 'm going to - my - microtest script wit- with a test case and - and upload it to the ( crise ) control ( repo ) . 1:17:57 ( e ) then you can see and - and - and try it if it 's - if it 's okay . 1:18:02 ( d ) okay , have you talk ( ed ) - we - about the the ( bridge ) ( ? ? ) fingerprints , we ( ? ? ) 1:18:13 ( e ) yes . 1:18:17 ( d ) okay , w- would you exchange some emails - ( d ) okay . 1:18:21 ( d ) and , have you found an agreement in order to - to find these ( tools ) language ? 1:18:28 ( d ) in order to correctly populate the presentation platforms ( source ) language ( part ) ? 1:18:36 ( e ) yes , w- we - we use the bridge workers . 1:18:41 ( e ) so we want change the publish- publishing workers but we - ( d ) okay , but we - start the bridges . is it ( ? ? ) 1:18:52 ( d ) okay , sorry . possible for us to- is it possible for us to check each - each part that is meant to be - and - ( ? ? ) the speakers languages right now . 1:19:09 ( d ) because ( ? ? ) speaking the english ( ? ? ) speaking german an so on . 1:19:19 ( d ) it possible for us to check each - each ( path ) - togther ? 1:19:26 ( e ) we need to change this on the client side . 1:19:29 ( e ) just to restart cients , change the fingerprints - 1:19:35 ( d ) okay , we can do it in the afternoon - 1:19:37 ( e ) what do you mean ? 1:19:40 ( d ) i just want to be sure that we are able to provide the correct ( source ) language in the presentation platform . 1:19:51 ( e ) yes , o- o- okay . 1:19:54 ( e ) so you want to have there the meta- metainformation that this comes from - ( d ) exactly . 1:20:00 ( e ) yes , okay . 1:20:02 ( e ) so we - i did n't notice . 1:20:04 ( e ) so how can we do- do it ? 1:20:07 ( d ) if we - if you are available we can do it now , but if you prefer to ( ? ? ) ( descripting ) the - ( ? ? ) control record we can do it also later - yes . not a problem . 1:20:20 ( e ) yes , i 'm going to finish the script - 1:20:25 ( d ) okay , perfect . 1:20:26 ( d ) do you still need us in this call ? 1:20:33 ( d ) we can come back in the afternoon . 1:20:36 ( e ) yes , you can come back in the afternoon . 1:20:39 ( d ) okay , thank you . or we can write on ( ? ? ) ( d ) yes , sure , okay . 1:20:45 ( e ) yeah . ( d ) then , thank you guys , see you and ( ? ? ) pretty- pretty soon , , sooner , bye , bye bye . 1:20:54 ( e ) bye , bye . 1:20:56 ( g ) bye . 1:20:58 ( e ) felix , are you still available ? 1:21:11 ( e ) and available in ten minutes or so ? 1:21:14 ( f ) yes . 1:21:19 ( e ) yes , so i 'm - i 'm - i will write ( ? ? ) script as - as for the testing the asr that it- it starts so many instances of - of the ( eb ) -client to send audio to asr ( + ) segmenter - yes . and i 'm - i 'm compiling the client now myself to test - to test the - yes . ( e ) yes . 1:21:51 ( e ) and i s- sen ( d ) you the s- the script to the ( ? ? ) control ( repo ) . 1:21:57 ", "tgt": "to get everything running on the full workload ( all the target languages in the presentation platform ) to have more inter-channels . to work with the outputs from the asr . to go through the topics in the elitr document . to do the necessary debugging . to check the fingerprint map . to test the subtitles during someone \u2019 s talk . to use the bridge selecting different bridge workers . to enable all the interpreters to see their subtitles as being recognised \u2013 immediate feedback to improve the quality . to collect some feedback from the participants ( feedback form on elitr subtitling at wg vat ) . regular call \u2013 every friday . the discussions held over an on-line platform . the familiar setup used . still waiting for the confirmation from sao regarding participance of the student of journalism \u2013 whether they can enter the building and to record . the journalist has to sign the same non-disclosure agreement as the interpreters . problems with subtitles ( one has to run english and german separately , not at once ; some segmenters not working ) . felix and thai-son did not respond to the e-mail . a problem regarding storying user data . it is important to have the metainformation in the presentation platform . the user interface - make the presentation platform more comfortable for the user . regular calls \u2013 full wednesday , very likely also tuesday afternoon . a working copy will be deployed the next week . a google form will be organised \u2013 will be content of the video . possible background images or other material will be found . chiara will come in the afternoon , pervoice will arrive on wednesday ( in the evening ) . elitr , horizon 2020 programme ."}
{"src": "( o ) so lets wait short while for a short while on because i hope that chiara would join . she went for lunch an hour ago , and then i hope that someone from carlsruhe a can actually join . i know that felix is teaching at this very moment . would she learned only during the morning . yeah , hello chiara . ( c ) hi , guys . ( o ) yeah , so while we are waiting if tyson reacts actually . so i do not know , if if he will join the call or not . could you please tell us about the presentation platform , which now requires password . so what should we use to the see anything . ( c ) yes . i 'm going to share with you on the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( c ) okay username and password the authentication fees has been reintroduced so that only people participating participating in the event are allowed ( ? ? ) subtitles . at the moment , there is only one user ( ? ? ) . which is the . which is the administration one . and he , hes the user allowed to assist to settings . you will see ( ? ? ) live testing username which is kind of email lets say . its not a email its something i invented by myself . and the second one the elitr 2019 is the password . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( c ) we can register a new user . but lets say the credentials provided to people paricipating to the workshop , we can use just one credential for all of them . so that we are not ( ? ? ) recording user data which is retty sensitive information . we 'll create new the credential for simple end users just and provide me something which sounds reasonable for you . yes , but something si- i suppose something related to ( ? ? ) workshop . ( o ) so does it have to be in include the at sign or not . ( c ) well when i prepared the admin user , they asked me to include the act sign , actually , i do not know mm . but hopefully . ( o ) so i would propose susan . password ( ? ? ) 2019 . ( c ) okay . i 'm going to register also these credentials and just being , yeah . ( o ) yep . and you know ivan is around at the moment because he said that he restarted , the publishers and the they failed . so what could that be also related . ( d ) the publishers are running right now . ( o ) okay . so . that is no longer problem on the publishers . so the only real problem that we have the the blocking problem is from carlsruhe . and we dont have anyone firm carlsruhe at the moment , right ? yeah . so chiara , are you listening . ( c ) yes . ( o ) yeah . one thing that is that like introduces the uh , the . well the high load is the the missing multiplexing . so when dominic launches all the target languages , the same for the given the input stream the same asr worker type is launched as many times as there is sort of the target languages . and thats putting stress on carlsruhe , because they need to provide so many workers and their have these bugs in workers so that they keep failing . how difficult is it in the platform in the mediator , to , to like follow the path and avoid duplicating work . so the idea . ( c ) yeah . ( ? ? ) actual infrastructure which will help us in managing with kind of asr output multiplexing , at the moment unfortunately , it has to be done at client level . then , for example , performing the request of transcription , and then delivering the the output . ( o ) to more workers . ( c ) fortunately , there is nothing in the protocol ( ? ? ) will help us problems solution . ( o ) yeah , so there is no . ( c ) ( ? ? ) take note and find better solution in the protocol after these events . ( o ) yeah , so so dominik , if you could just . quickly share the screen where you had the the the launch of ten workers at the same time like underneath of each other . ( d ) yes . yes , i can , wait for a moment ( o ) yeah , so the thing is that the mediator . i do not know if this eb client when it runs ten different pipelines . when it actually runs the requests to the mediator ten times , or whether the mediator receives a multi like a multi channel , or or multi path request . ( c ) could you repeat this ? ( o ) so when dominik will share the screen , hopefully . i 'm still not seeing the screen . ( d ) yes , oh it doesnt work on this browser . i 'm going to change the browser . ( o ) yeah , so dominik will probably disconnect for a while , or another machine . ( d ) i 'm listening on other machine than . ( o ) so the the thing is uh . the thing is that the what i see in the log file from eb client is that these english asr or english sound is being converted while a a to , one of the target languages . and then another line , which says the same english sound , converted to another machine translation output and so on . so it is there is just ten lines like that . these ten lines are they produced one by one from eb client . or is it that the eb clients connects and asks the mediator once . with all these then targets at once . ( c ) as far as i know ( ? ? ) to the mediator . just one , then the nine different ( ? ? ) are feeded by mediator without sending ( ? ? ) at this point , i 'm not more more sure and on neither of these information . because in my opinion the mediator should , should somehow find an economic solution , also in the asr route of the path , but is actually that it is not being a specially 90 here , and here . ( o ) so if you if you open the screen , that dominik has shared . and there you will see that in four lines , and these info lines are going from english lecture carlsruhe hybrid audio to english ( ? ? ) english text to english published , and similarly for the for the other languages . ( d ) yes . ( c ) yes . ( o ) so what i would like to see is that the the beginning until english ( ? ? ) text would be actually done only once . and then in the mediator would either to send . it should have publishing or in english , or send it to the machine translation into czech and so on . so we dont need any clever optimization of the path of we would need to only like combine the common prefix ( c ) i understand , but at the moment that it is not meant to work in this way . unfortunately . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) we will reason about this problem , because actually for the elitr project . we have also between communication protocols ( ? ? ) reason possibility ( ? ? ) to find a kind of when ( ? ? ) is performed . to find the kind of ( ? ? ) . instead of list of workers . maybe ( ? ? ) data structures . ( ? ? ) in order to use the if possible common route and dispatch that to the different branches , but the is something we have to reason carefully . because actually the pervoice ( ? ? ) is not meant to work in ( ? ? ) ( o ) um-hum , yeah , okay . so right now dominik has tried to launch those and it failed , because there is not enough , asr workers ( ? ? ) right ? ( d ) no i dont , there was the problem that it didnt receive any output . i killed it right here . but i want to show you that i updated the eb client this way . one . at least one input stream was not available . then it . then it terminated . but i just ( ? ? ) its return , and and it is , and and bug info , and it works sometimes . ( o ) yeah . so this is just making the eb ( c ) yes thank you . ( o ) more to ( ? ? ) of the workers ( d ) yes , but and on this wide terminal we see how many , how many asr workers are available at this moment , there are six , and i 'm going to run it on one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten on on one 30 second audio . ( o ) so it will not succeed says so , actually , well , it will succeed with the first seven ones . and now there are seven ( o ) yeah . ( d ) but for me . its weid that . now . there are no available asr . and at this point there are three , so probably three asr crashed from the seven and were released . ( o ) um-hum . so just any anyone know where tyson is or why . i know that felix is giving the lecture , but has tyson said anything useful during this morning . ( d ) it doesnt matter . ( o ) yeah , so i 'm afraid that we what we need to you is , because the the the machine translation workers seem working well , right . yeah , we are failing to feed them with with the input . so what i will try is to well , again , keep pinging carlsruhe for a for getting this running , and for like providing so many workers that the bugs wont be that severe for the whole system , but does anyone have any idea . what else could we do . and the only thing that comes to my mind would be . the multiplexing worker , or other actually the ultiplexing client . so the client that would get the ctm output from the worker , and then send this ctm to the different segmentation workers , more get the segmentation outputs already and send a text . so what is the status of the text input to the to the mediator . is there text only pipeline available . ( d ) last time when we thinked about this what was the batch mode and we agreed that we . ( o ) dont want to develop this for the online mode . ( d ) yeah but i can try it . because the problem is that when when we see we send to whole text file at once . and we have to wait for the segmenter to process it but in this this case ( ? ? ) not at once , so it could work . we need to try . ( o ) ok , so one one thing thats possible . the remedy that is a possible remedy . of the current situation is indeed a use this text communication , so that we would have modified the eb client . the eb client would ship the audios to the mediator and get the segment output from the segmenter ( ? ? ) mediator . and then it would send it to the different machine translation of systems as like another eb client would do . right ? and this would ( ? ? ) carlsruhe and we should not be facing the bug- the bugs in their systems . ( d ) yes . i 'm goint to test t- the asr workers . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so it run one one audio to six six asr workers at once , one , two , three , four , five , six . to all of them which were available . now it finished , its still waiting for something . yes , and . and and it seems that , two of them , no four of them are received identical output to friend and two of them are different , but i think its because there is . because the ( ? ? ) is dynamic . it , its still meaningful output , three and four , yes , so it works . ( o ) so the summary is that if we are lucky and the workers work . and then we can get it running . and for he highest number that we saw it running with was six right ? ( d ) yeah . at this point six german , oh six english . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) i can run four german . is it , no its not . oh nevermind . ( o ) so what does it mean ? it is not if it means that the in german workers did not start . they were available . ( d ) no i didnt choose proper ( o ) fingerprints , right . ( d ) yes . it doesnt work like this . i need to rewrite this script . ( o ) so is there anyone who would be available for implementing the c code the eb client , modified to do the multiplexing internally . how is edinburgh is always like that , those who have delivered their work in the best shape . are those who are most free to do more useful work . ( a ) i 'm afraid that you have low availability because phil is going on holiday . ( ? ? ) so i dont think we can manage ( ? ? ) anything like that . ( o ) yeah , okay , so you have , you said phil is away . or will be . ( p ) ( ? ? ) tommorow on wednesday that i will be around for the event . ( o ) ok , so you will be around on wednesday , thursday and friday but not tommorow . ( p ) no , i 'll be around thursday , friday . ( o ) okay , yeah . ( p ) and the , i 'll be around in the evening ( ? ? ) stuff need to do on wednesday . ( o ) yeah . okay , yeah . thank you . okay , so we 'll have to manage ourselves somehow . okay , so thats the asr workers in the google document , and hopefully we 'll hear something from carlsruhe , then the empty workers i said that these good . the publisher that was some strange problem for while . and i see ivan on on the call now . so . do you know what that was ? ivan was the publishers . i can not hear you . if you can hear us . so i 'm not sure if you wan- this . hello ? ( i ) hi . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( i ) okay actually no i still dont know where the workers ( ? ? ) . i 'm trying to upload different . yet another update , but its very slow . so pleased wait a bit . sorry . ( o ) yeah , because dominik said the publishers are working . yeah , so . ( d ) they are in admin web as as idle . and available here . ( o ) so so ivan what exactly was the problem that you mentioned ? ( i ) i have plenty errors in my log . and i mean , you what it does not ( ? ? ) . so . ( d ) okay , so i 'm going to run six publishers yeah . they cant connect . ( o ) ok . so they are only register was the platform or the mediator , but they are not actually operation . ( d ) maybe the maybe this one english eu could be working . no . ( o ) so what what what are you seeing in the subtitles now , because i dont see anything . i have the new , i have the new . ( d ) it finished already . and it release , yes it released everything . no this is weird . ( o ) i have n't seen any of the subtitles in my view of of the presentation platform . ( d ) yes , and it received formally english and german . and so . i but there are still six six available asrs . this is weird . ( o ) yeah , okay . so ivan we will still be around to fix this right . ( i ) yes , yes , i will . ( o ) and could it be related to the new authentication that is in the presentation platform . i guess it should not be related to that . but yeah , i 'm just . ( i ) i 'm almost certain it is not related to that . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) ah from german . ( o ) yeah , okay . so there is . ivan will still investigate . so the presentation platform . so the credentials are there , read only or or well , ( ? ? ) user view should be vgvet password ( ? ? ) 2019 admin view is the ( ? ? ) . so and then the of subtitles . my question is so that we can make little platform running locally within sol wired network . so thats thats something for chiara probably because we need the presentation . so yeah . ( d ) what exactly . ( o ) so the participants notebooks will all be connected to the very same wired network , and we need the url with rtmp protocol with the stream subtitles to work from for their notebooks . it means that the engine . server has to run within network , but maybe not necessarily the whole presentation platform right . chiara can you , can you comment , because chiara you 'll you 'll be coming to the venues . you will be only arriving on wednesday evening , right ? chiara are you there ? hello chiara , can you hear me ? ( d ) i can see connection alert . ( i ) yeah , chiara is talking to the microphone , and not even i can hear them . so maybe we we are having connection issues maybe . ( o ) yeah , because she 's muted i dunno . ( i ) she is talking right now , but i can not hear . i can probably relate what she is saying oh , well , try with different microphone . ( o ) yeah . so this is this is in the google document i 'm curious what the setup should be so that we stream the uh , the slides . and so far , we have failed streaming the slides , both from my notebook and my desktop . my desktop is not behind a firewall . but it fails to stream it for some input and output error . and my notebook is behind a firewall , and it failed for unknown error , which is probably the firewall . so how do we do it . at , on sao premises , so that the slides are delivered . ( i ) ( ? ? ) i i i can run the exact configuration i 've been posting . i can run it on the local network . and i 'm still trying to figure out what can , what can possibly interfere with that . since i 'm i guess on the event you are going to be , every machine is going to be connected to the same lan , right ? so . ( o ) yeah . ( i ) there is nothing that ( ? ? ) . so my guess is that the configuration will work . i still don- , can not see for sure what is preventing us now from testing it . but i can i ( ? ? ) the exact copy , and i can right now between my two machines . for instance , i am i am in the middle of pushing that the the very same file in some additional instructions on on cruise control . ( o ) mm-hmm , yeah . ( i ) right ? as we speak . yeah . ( o ) so could we with this file that he will push with the instructions . we should be able to test it locally here , right ? so that we take uh , just an access point , the router or actually a switch , and we connect the two machines to that thing with wires . and one of the machines . we need to run engines on . and the other machine , could like open . the the pervoice presentation platform web page , and url should be something local like rmtp cologne / / 192 . 168 and so on so . so what is it 168 . the ( ? ? ) . ( i ) 192 . 168 . and then the number of the lan . ( o ) and that should work , right ? ( i ) yes , yes . ( o ) so this is what you are using . you are using the in your tests , you are using the real pervoice presentation platform , and the subtitles are coming from the the internet while the stream is only copied locally . ( i ) only local . yes . ( o ) yeah , so when we we should test this , and to get the enging server running . is that in part of your instructions . or should we use . ( i ) yes i 'm expanding this extra write ( ? ? ) file , so you can you can find it on on gitbhub . ( o ) yeah , yeah . yeah . ( i ) few minutes more . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( o ) yes , now but it is essentially the same thing that i 've put in the a sample pr- sub streaming some time ago , right ? because at the beggining . ( i ) ah yes of the ( ? ? ) its almost the same . ( o ) yeah , at the beggining i send . ( c ) sorry guys , can you hear me ? ( o ) yes , yes , now it works . ( c ) oh , finally . nice . i restarted the browser . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) okay . sorry . firs of all i have a service notes . sorry , sorry . me and dario will probably arrive at some point on wednesday . ( o ) um-hum . ( c ) actually probably around the the 16 or 17 . i 'm not sure right now . but we will join you in sao . ( o ) yeah . if they dont kick us out . ( c ) okay . ( o ) so by the way , can you send me your cellphone number ? or i can share mine , so here in the , ( c ) okay , i have a office number , but i can share with you the darios one . ( o ) so i have darios one , this this is mine cellphone number , i just pasted it to to the chat . ( c ) okay okay . ( o ) so that you save it and give me a ring . i have the contact for dario already . ( c ) okay , perfect . and regarding the presentation platform , except for the logging parts , the release also implementing the feature , which will allows us to have select these source stream . but for example , the spanish coming from the german translation or english translation . however , on friday . we have tested the solution several times , and we and the students . it is pretty been impossible to the debug problems in these environments . ( o ) okay . ( c ) yes . because in the same log also in during those tests having ten streams concurrent . its really hard to understand which stream as problem and which is the problem . so actually the functionality is working but we strongly suggest to , select our preffered path at the beggining . and stream just the one we select and not perform all the possible translation and filter just the output of the presentation platform because otherwise it will be really difficult to understand what is going to happen . and this is important especially selec- is important especially the selection of the english the spoken english . because dominik has shared with us the scheme of the microphones ( ? ? ) and so on . and if as far as we understood of course maybe i 'm wrong , there will be three person speaking english the one in the round table , and th ( ? ? ) with corrects . ( o ) yes , yes , yes . it will be impossible at the moment to descriminate which english is coming from which microphone at present platform level . so we the strongly suggest to choose the the preferred the english stream at the beginning . and the performer translation only of eternal tone of all the possible combinations . ( o ) yeah . so if i may repeat this , uh , or or comment on this . its dominik notebook which is capable of choosing the english sound . among those three . they all come as different channels through the four channel input sound card , and and it depends how dominik launches . the eb client , what fed to the input to this eb client that determines the english channel . its either one of the respeakers or the uh , the person from the round table . so i agree with you that uh , we do not want to have to use different english different versions of english for different target languages , but i think that it is possible . that we would want to have the english subtitles presented from the main round table , and the translations to go from the respeakers . and for this . uh , uh , dominik can simply run the eb client twice , one of those who will have connect to the english presentation , using the the round table sound . and the other one will use one of the respeakers . fixed one and connected to all the target languages in the machine translation . and this is possible if i 'm not mistaken . dominic pleas . have you followed can you confirm . ( d ) yes . i confirm . ( o ) so it is totally out of of control , and its ( ? ? ) so out of control for presentation platform the presentation platform will simply you display different . uh , presented languages . but it has no way to to see which the english is which it will simply anyone who connects as little as a worker providing english will be displayed there . ( c ) yeah ( o ) so this is the uh , thank you for the classification . but this is there is still one more topic related , and thats the that the delivering subtitles to interpreters booth , and uh , that is something which will need different english languages the like string , booth one booth two booth three . so is the platform is the current setup a ready for this . or what is needed to to add this . ( c ) yes , it should be ready . we have to prepare you know , the x1 configuration , x1 x2 . ( o ) yes , um-hum . ( c ) it should work . maybe during this afternoon . we can start putting up the final setup . actually we are pretty stable with ( ? ? ) , thanks to ivan and dominik for the work on friday . we are going to check ( ? ? ) each path and i think that they already manage the directs asr output for english , czech and . just the part is missing at the moment . ( o ) what is missng sorry ? ( c ) interpreters . ( o ) yeah , yeah , so . so if we are lucky with carlsruhe asr workers , then like it seems to be running right . and if if we are indeed lucky with the subtitles being streamed from the from the presentation notebook . so these are the critical things that need to be debugged during tomorrow . and the day after tomorrow . asr workers or the multiplexing worker , and the the streaming off , stream of slides . from the presentation notebook into the into the like into the local network . ( o ) sorry i cant hear you , there is there is some noise . yeah . i guess it was very ( ? ? ) who ( ? ? ) . no . ( c ) i stongly suggest to perform as much as possible test today and tomorrow . ( o ) yes . ( c ) because on wednesday . ( o ) you 'll be travelling . ( c ) yes , i will be travelling but also in italy is holiday ( o ) oh okay . ( c ) yes . so that i will provide you my support during my travel , of course having the when i will have the ( ? ? ) , when i 'm not flying , and ivan will not be there so actually we have two , arrive on wednesday which if possible everything as much stable as possible . ( o ) yeah , okay . so i think thats thats everything that we could have discussed . so x1 till x4 should work , pervoice will add them this afternoon , critical things to fix today + tommorow as test streaming of slides and debug asr workers and or create multiplexing and i 'll call it client , because its actually a client for the mediator . yeah , thats . one thing that i noticed when the subtitling was somewhat working was that there was a lot of repetition . and that feels that felt strange . so there was the same english sentence . coming out repeatedly in the subtitles . and we have not debugged , this properly . but what could cause this . ( c ) it be the the the partial hypothesis output . so then how does the . yeah . that in principle , that could be the case for the user . uh . the experience was very annoying , because it was like two different text messages interchanging , or a select appearing one after another in loop on in the subtitles field . and one of them was very long . and the other one was quite short of . so while was reading the long one it changed to the short one . and then to long , one again . and the two , these two messages were actually just the continuation of each other , and they like kept kept repeating . so it was even some- something like the uh , the transfer unit mismatch . so that , for example , the output asr could be an updated hypothesis that your presentation platform would be popping into two parts and showing them one after another . and one after another again . um , that would this be possible ? so you have uh , the word '' carl limit ? ( c ) lets say the worker who manage the publication on presentation platforms perform ( ? ? ) of organisation based on configurable parameters . in order to have subtitles of suitable lenght , and also to have to not too fest . this is probably the reason why you see ( ? ? ) uncomplete . lets say sentences but partial hypothesis output has to be managed before the subtitle arrives to the publication worker . ( o ) yeah , so could this logic actually be actually remove from the or or disabled , at the presentation platform , a so that the present- ( ? ? ) will simply show uh , too long string if if it arrives . you dont like the ( ? ? ) part , you just want to see the exactly what the . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) ah , okay , the um , ( o ) i 'm afraid that if if there is like a logic implemented in two separate the components . then these two logics may fight together will fight with each other . and the the this . what i saw the the this morning that seemed like that indeed . so that uh , the presentation platform was chopping the long string . but in my eyes . it would actually feed . both of the of each of those segments from . by one by one by one were shorter than the line , so if the presentation platform was simply show me the two lines at the same time . uh , like one chopped a. then i would have more time to read it . then the update it would maybe come . so these two lines would be redrawn of by the presentation platform , because the asr shipped an updated hypothesis . but even if the ability to hypothesis scroll debate , then i would not lose as much context . but as the two parts of this message were alternating . i was not able to read it at all . ( c ) okay . ah , yes , we can do it is the okay . ( o ) so simply show , whatever you receive from the asr output . ( c ) actually it could happen that you receive two long strings . ( o ) yes . ( c ) ok . if its not a problem for you . ok . we , can do it . ( o ) i think i think this is something which the segmentation worker should should take care off . well . and and already the empty should should ignore that and just path the true . and the the , you know , i think . this is done in one place . ( c ) but the i will well . we will , of course , dont worry . i 'm just reasoning . i think that probably the the segmenter worker is preparing phrases for the machine translation . so that probably would succeed . ( o ) yeah , you are right , okay . ( c ) preparing longer phrases . ( o ) yeah . this is the . ( c ) its correct the idea to put the segmentation if only in one place into , and not into different places , this is correct . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so in the long term and now we still have the edinburgh team on onboard , in the long term i think that we want to have machine translation as immediate as possible , translating incomplete sentences as well . so the segmentation worker . should be delierig well again , we dont know where the logic should , but the segmentation worker should send the whole sentece- well , should send segments , which start at the beginning of the sentence and they should gradually become longer and longer as more asr output is ready . the risk is that there is no end of sentence in the original speech . uh . and in that case , uh , uh , the subtitles . the translations wont fit into that into that small window , um . and in that case , i still think its beer if the segmentation worker is the one who would be forcefully cutting the sentences , rather than the presentation platform , because then the presentation platform is stuck with like i have shown only something , and i need to show something of the rest the later on . but in the meantime maybe a new message will come already . and then i do not know what to show like its the , oh , where is the the segmentation worker from the asr does have access to the continuous stream , right ? ( c ) actually , we can test it the solution without our ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) we can test it this afternoon . ( o ) yes , yes so please disable it for now and test it during the afternoon . ( c ) exactly . so that we can decide it the solution we prefer . ( o ) so there is one last thing to discuss . and i 'm adding that to the next call that i would like to make would be actually tomorrow , and i dont know what what time . so again , i will . yeah , i will copy these availabilities of yours . here , everyone please open the google document and fill your availability for tomorrow . ( ? ? ) confirm your availability for debugging , be available on slack . so we may . we may not need to call with this phone call style . but we need that people are available on slack . so i 'm not sure if phill 's , phill is away right . yeah . ( d ) i found another type of error right now . if you can see . ( o ) yes . ( d ) moments ago , we had eleven asr workers , connected ten of them , and there are only one and 5 of them connected . and only one empty worker was busy . so this is very weird . it didnt say that it didnt connect so we should have this check and dutch , hungarian , polish and so on . we should be unavailable but , they werent . and now again . ( o ) and could it be some timing issues , so that like i assume that window on the right ? ( c ) on the admin web , it says that all all not available at the moment . ( d ) yeah . ( c ) just checking . ( d ) yes . now there are only two but three have , one , two , three , four , five connected . ( c ) okay . someone is freeing up . ( d ) yes , some of them freed . yeah . they still didnt return anything . okay , this would be better if tyson join us right now . ( o ) yeah , so actually , he appeared on slack so that 's . ( d ) yes , he restarted workers on my request . now we have seven . lets wait a bit . ( o ) so i 'm checking if he can connect . ( d ) okay , now we have . lets test this segmenter . yes , nine segmenters and asrs are working according to this test . they returned . they returned this . but together with , with empty . nothing . one two three four five six seven . yes . i have connected one to nine , nine workers but only seven of them are taken here . or no . there are two . so i . ( o ) so could there be some delay with the information about the availability of two workers , so that when you run . ( d ) it ( ? ? ) this is updated every two seconds . this is watch command . ( o ) yeah this is watch command , yes , yeah . ( d ) if you know the parameter updated ( ? ? ) . ( o ) minus n. ( d ) yeah . and can we . ( o ) 1.5. yeah . ( d ) and 0.5 ( o ) so twice a second we are getting an update but chiara , could there still an delay in the mediator in the admin interface ? ( c ) in the admin interface could be . ( o ) so that he have not like ( ? ? ) up to date information about the availability of the workers . ( c ) sorry ondrej . ( o ) well , dominik is concerned about empty workers not being used , while the they should be . and i think this could be simply relic and outdated information in the admin interface . so that the empty workers appear to be available but they are already in use by the pipelines . so i 'm checking whether there is delay . ( c ) i think that probably the admin web is based on ( ? ? ) there could be a delay . ( o ) yeah , so dominik should not rely on this , like the . ( d ) oh . ( o ) the interface is simply slow so only only when you run something for longer period of time then the numbers would be correct . so has felix joined ? yes , felix hello ? felix are you here ? yeah so felix is entering his availability for tommorow . tyson has not yet filled this in . ( c ) felix says he has a problem connecting to the pexip . ( o ) yeah , but he is on- he was there for a while . i saw him in the list of participants . yeah . okay , so . \u00e2\u00a8 ( c ) ( ? ? ) with the priority . ( ? ? ) and so on and we will set the english as the most reliable source . for output ( ? ? ) . actually we are ( ? ? ) . when you will switch to german or to czech , ( ? ? ) tell us because maybe you can see something which is not what you expect . so , okay . ( o ) sorry i didnt get the message , so you , the message was that your , you have english as the preferred source language . ( c ) we are going to configure te presenation platform , english as the top priority source language since we are running test with english , but please if you change the test , tell us so that we can put german as top priority and so on , because otherwise we 'll not be published i- on the front end the subtitle . ( o ) oh so the the subtitles will not be published at all even if there is no english available , right ? ( c ) well , there is some kind of , fallback mechanism but its still pretty match manual , lets check things together . ( o ) yeah , okay . so we expect to be translating or well to be translating mainly from english indeed , so if we happen to to use german or czech as the source language we 'll let you know . yeah , okay . ( c ) exactly . ( o ) yeah , so felix tried to connect the ( ? ? ) , but he failed . and i think that at this point there is nothing else to discuss , i would like to thank dominik and everybody else who has been helping him a lot with the debugging and . i would also like to ask everybody to keep debugging this afternoon and and tomorrow so that we have the workers reliable , and , yeah . tyson is now , tyson will be available tomorrow morning . felix , can you hear us or not ? felix is again among the participants list on the pexip call . yeah . okay , so thanks everybody and please keep trying full load because this is something that we have not suceeded at all , chiara please let us know as soon as the ( ? ? ) or the segmentation within the subtitle presentation is gone so that we can see what it what it looks like . and if we are happy with with the outputs when they are maybe too long , but directly from from segmentation worker . ( c ) okay . ( o ) okay , yeah , so thanks a lot and we 'll be in touch well during the afternoon and also tomorrow during the times that you have inicated , possibly making another pexip call but its not planned far now yet . ( c ) okay , perfect . bye ( o ) thank you , felix ? oh felix made it ? felix hello , you made it ? yeah okay , so sorry if someone is still . so felix are coming to prague ? ( f ) no , i will not be able to make it to prague . we have other possibilities i can . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . too bad , and are you and are you and tyson available for wednesday , thursday and friday , like possibly all of the time because right now we have as you were not at the call , but you have observed during the mornin that the critical point now is all the workers , its the combination of the non multiplexing in the mediator , and the unreliability of of the workers that puts extreme like demand on the number of asr workers that are available , and we need you to swiftly restarting them . would you be available for this , for all the coming days ? ( f ) i understand , and . i want to be there as much as possible and to restart the workers ( ? ? ) as possible , but i can not guarantee that ( ? ? ) here at every minute . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( f ) ( ? ? ) there will be spontaneous other meetings we have responsibilities that that we have to also do . ( o ) yeah , soi 've asked tyson in the slack today , maybe you can not see the message , but my idea was that maybe you could setup very simple cgi script or php script or whatever , so that we could ping fixed url and tell it the session id of a worker , asr worker which is not functioning . and what you would do , in the script would be you would know which process id this ses- this id corresponds to and you would kill the process and start a new process instead , so that we could initiate the restart of the worker . would this be possible ? ( f ) i ( ? ? ) begin to do that . i dont how i can make some kind of website available for you over the internet i dont know map our workers to session ids , ( ? ? ) the workers know about the session id , i guess they do but it might have this . ( o ) when they start , yeah exactly . when they start they emmit the session id when they get it from the from the mediator , so all you would need to do would be to grab the logs for the given session id and the workers would need to save their process id when they are put processing the log . or the log file could already have the process id in the file name or something like that . and to create a webpage that would be accesible for us , its it depends on your setup but in principle you could also run a very small webserver such as python ( ? ? ) or parallel ( ? ? ) that was the thing , and that that has to run on the machine where the workers are , so that like it can kill them and the firewalls must not be in the way , but if we set it up or if you set it up on on high port then you hopefully to get the request from us . i think this would be very useful and could be just the few lines of code . ( f ) maybe but those would be some difficult for types of code . ( ? ? ) i have no experience in coding in any web server package , i 'm looking at the logs right now and i dont see easily from the logs where were the session id , no i dont think we can do this . ( o ) yeah . so the only thing is that that we we keep telling you like wrist . but how do you know which workers are dead then . ( f ) we restore them all . ( o ) oh , you restart them all all the time . ( f ) i mean , for for the empty workers ( ? ? ) easy . ( o ) no the asr workers are the problem . ( f ) ( ? ? ) has to go and like control c and start new . ( o ) uuuh , so that is very well fragile , because you can accidently kill things which are okay . and also its very slow . ( f ) but its , i dont think the process can be easily automated . especially not because we dont really know what to ( ? ? ) . ( o ) well , i understand it is difficult to uh , to debug it , like to fix the workers so that they dont get stuck . but i think it should be easy to wrap them in something , so that you forgot to launch it you will modify the launching script so that the launching script will emmit its process id . so so the log files , the word . can you share the screen with with that ? can you on pexip , can you show us how you restart the workers ? ( f ) we have a workers which all produce log files , ( ? ? ) we have here are actually docker container id is and we can look this is what one of the log files looks like . it has all the , everything this worker but they are no session ids . so . ( o ) can you maybe show the log back ? so th- i think you must have switched the screen because there were some details in the yes . ( f ) no , this is correct . this is this is the worker ( ? ? ) running on this server right now and the docker so that we can kill . segmenter and the empty workers but its . ( o ) so there is no asr workers in this list or are they . ( f ) the amount of effort it takes to change something about these , because you also . be aware that this system is not just used in the detail , we also have . which is more automated system but uses complete different techniques from that , and comp- ( ? ? ) . it will be a lot more ( ? ? ) . so we we have the system that works okay this way , i would prefer to find ( ? ? ) the workers not resetting this so much more , for the elitr . we have this program also , regularly its starting and stopping sessions , several times a day . 5 days a week . because its - we get maybe one worker getting ( ? ? ) every week , so . ( o ) and here we get it all the time . ( f ) ( ? ? ) workers and hour here . so something is different . with the way is using the system , which is causing this problem to be more severe . and i dont have the asr workers ( ? ? ) running in an screen session ( ? ? ) right now , normally we dont have ten of them . it will be also be possible to have a script to make restarting one faster but mapping them to session ids and making the script available online is a lot ( ? ? ) , just simply can not ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay , so i understand that creating this remote killing will be difficult . but if you could at least make sure that you can restart them with just one command and not like moving to some screen , and and so on , and then looking up which command . and and and then three commands to run the worker . uh , it should be one command to . so . how do you . i would like to see , uh , how do you tell a dead worker from a working worker , because i really do not like the idea of you restarting all of them . uh , when when we say a we are one of them that we need one . ( f ) so thats . probably dont have one right now , because usually the asr workers are . ( ? ? ) logs . so right now at the end , it says waiting for client . so this one is idle . ( o ) or maybe stalled . could it also be one of the stalled ones , one of those that dont respond ? ( f ) well , in theory not . ( d ) i can test the worker right now . ( f ) but . ( o ) can you , felix . felix can you tell minus f instead of this less . we would like to see what is appearing in the log file . ( d ) yeah , but if something appears there we wont see it . in less . ( f ) ( ? ? ) gets this . ( d ) yes , i am going to test all of asr and segmenters yes . ( f ) its back to ( ? ? ) . ( d ) yes . ( f ) so that the thing is , in theory this log output will indicate if this worker is in fact idle and is in fact new connection ( ? ? ) . at the log output ( ? ? ) . which should be ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and can you show us the beggining of this log , so again less of this file but it stopped . ( f ) this is the segmentation worker , so its using ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so chiara would know if the session id , chiara . ( c ) tell me . ( o ) in the protocol . when there is this connected to server medi- mediator , its like one third of the of the page . and before the first message waiting for the client . uh , is there . the point is that the point in the code . where the worker knows its session id . ( c ) i dont know i have to check . ( o ) yeah . so . so felix , if you could look at the code of this . because i assume that you can compile it . i know that you have not developed it yourself probably probably will see on . ( f ) i have not tried recompiling . like i said ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , they are gone . ( f ) it probably works , if i can avoid it i will not . ( o ) yeah , well . so i think it is the the the the matter of a would be only to recompile this worker with one print . ( f ) yes . ( o ) to know the session id . so i'mproposing that the log files would contain one more line . and that would say: '' i 've got this session id from the pervoice mediator . and then the log file already contains the docker id in its file name . so then uh , i 'm not like totally asking for uh , for this web interface killing but asking for speed up for you , so that we would tell you please restart worker for this session id and . you would just grab the log files for the session id . and you would immediately know , which container to restart . ( f ) i will have to discuss this . ( o ) so obviously we need . we need you like solve it properly . it should not get stuck . but for the , in the meantime , it will save a lot of nurse for and it will speed up . it will speed up the the the restarts . ( c ) ondrej , sorry . the session id these . written in each pocket , receipt ( ? ? ) mediator . yes . ( o ) so . ( c ) the xml which is the data xml , there is stream id , which i actually dont know what it is . but then the ( ? ? ) session id which is together for example stop ( ? ? ) . there is also session id which could be exactly the session id we are talking about . ( o ) yeah , so felix . for you i remember that there were some issues with the move from the old mediator version to the new mediator version . and the problem was exactly this xml that you were lying on some custom xml library , and you had to switch these libraries . and and so on so . ( f ) this was only about our presentation platform . ( o ) okay . ( f ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) they use the provided library . so its actually not , so chiara . its not the xml that they are accesing , because they use precompiled library . so they need a function call that would extract the session id from from . ( c ) when you have the ( ? ? ) cloud packet , it will have the get session id function will provide you the session id . ( o ) so . so felix if you could do tried this afternoon , finding the source code of your workers . ( f ) actually can you try right now ? i ( ? ? ) able to access . ( o ) sorry ? ( f ) i 'm also ( ? ? ) more complicated with the workers because they are running . ( ? ? ) we can not run 20 asr and 20 segmenters and so on . ( ? ? ) they are actually running on different services . ( o ) yes . ( f ) can you try if you can ( ? ? ) chat . ( o ) yeah , put it in the chat yes please . ( f ) can you see whether you can ping this adress . ( o ) i 'll try . yes , i 'm succesfully pinging it . and . also and map it , so ssh ( ? ? ) are open port there . so 22 4443 and 4444 are opened there . so i guess that if you , so there is definitely way in which we could if you launch anything simple on your side then we should be able to reach it . ( f ) its fine i just need to know . ( ? ? ) ( o ) so that this is what you have already open , you have open ssh port on the on that machine , i 'll share my screen . so this is this is the the net map of your . you see that ? this is the open port on that machine . so if you launch one more simple thing there , that we could get in touch with , then it should work , and i 'm now i look up simple . but i 'll i 'll have to leave very soon , my kids are waiting for me already . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) listen . yeah , so if you see my screen now . on the right hand side this is the client , i 'm typing something . and it appears on the netcut which was listening to this port . so are you on that machine the ( ? ? ) the on that . are you on this machine now felix ? ( f ) yes . ( o ) so can you run can you run this ? can you run this ? ( f ) its running . ( o ) its running , okay . so i 'll disconnect from here and i 'll try . okay it didnt get through . ( f ) i would be very surprised if you did ( ? ? ) university firewall that . i 'm actually surprised ( ? ? ) so . ( o ) well , if you tell me your password . i 'll just try to see if it works . yes , so i could be able . okay , its not getting through . ( f ) ( ? ? ) thirty . you are getting through . ( o ) i could be . so . ( f ) ( ? ? ) might be getting your ssh access . and ( ? ? ) but restarting the other workers . but that will also load the other two servers . at least one of which i think is not accessible ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . so . but anyway , i think still having the session id in the log would be very useful for you so that you could restart it right away . and i like you would see a message in the slak window , restart session id and you would just run your own script restart session id , and it would do the grapping and it would do the killing and it would do the restarting , so it would be one copy paste from slack to your screen and that would save us a lot of worries . ( f ) yes , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so that you would paste its adress here . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yep , yep , yep . ( f ) sorry it is not correct , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) sorry , which , so the number should be different or . ( f ) i13 . ( o ) i cant hear you well . ( f ) 52 instead of 53 . ( o ) okay . so this one is hidden . ( f ) yes , i am a . ( o ) so its actually failed to resolve . both are failed to resolve so they , even the name the host name is not available . like its not published . ( f ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , okay . so i 'll have to run now , but please prepare , please modify worker so that they show session id and so that you have a simple script which would be something like restart by session id . sh and we will send you session id and yu would only do this , and it would do the right thing , and if you accidentaly run this on the wrong machine , which does not have this sesion id the worker for the session id it will tell you: `` well , i do not have that worker , you need to run me on the other other machine . '' ( f ) will see . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , okay . so thanks everybody i dunno of you want to stay on the call , or but please whoever can please keep debugging with dominik and speak to you or at least talk , write to you on slack tomorrow . ( c ) okay . we will keep testing everything . ( o ) okay , thank you . bye bye . ( c ) bye bye . ( d ) bye .", "tgt": "one credential for all people participating in the workshop . need of combining the common prefix . failed streaming slide from notebook and desktop pc . missing interpreters . putting segmentation only in one place . delay in the admin interface about workers . discussing about session id to restart idle workers . session id implemented in the log file . test run ( 24-25 . 06 . 2019 ) ."}
{"src": "( on ) everybody is busy , so let 's make this very quick . ehm , hmm , this is just an update , ehm , so let 's follow the agenda on the google document , the presentation platform , uh , chiara , what do you mean by functionalities to be checked ? ( ki ) okay . ( on ) yeah . ( ki ) do you hear me ? yes , hm , okay . we have refined the function of analyses of presentation platform and ehm , we would like to share it with you ondrej and dominik can your team . in order to check if we misunderstood something , or if there something we need to add to our analyses , to check in- in this . ( on ) hmm , exactly . so if you scroll down little bit in the agenda , there is a slot on pr- presentation platform . so i just learn from you , what is the status of development . you have the the plan , you also has a timeline , like after we agree , if we agree on the functions that should there you in the next week . when could there be a prototype ? ( ki ) yeh , it 's , hmm , we are still planning the development . of course we started , but there is not due date at the moment , some some . ( on ) yeah , yeah . so , what it ( ki ) but , mmm ... first of all we have to check the function analysis . ( on ) i totally agree . let 's just think that uh , we already need it really working in well tested , uh , at the end of june . so i think that the first prototype should be ideally ready , uh , on the 7th of june , like the first very first shot with with box and all of that . would that be feasible ? ( ki ) ooo , i am not able to tell you if it 's feasible , but i taking notes . and i will sure it we ( ? ? ) the team . ( on ) ehmm , yeah , okay , and ehm find a slot for the technical discussion . that 's exactly what you want . and i wanted . so , are you when is your earliest date for uh , for technical call , eeeeh , tomoo- to to like this the next week would- ( ki ) yes , sure . ( on ) monday , monday morning ? ( ki ) nn , monday morning , ahh , actually , we have a call twelve o'clock , but early it 's perfectly fine for us . ( on ) okay , yes , so monday , at nine , or ten or as you wish . ( ki ) well , monday at 10 , let 's see . ( on ) okay , okay . perfect . ( ki ) nice . ( on ) so monday the 20th of may at ten , and will discuss what what we need in the platform and- . yeah , perfect . so this all is resolve the presentation platform . then the integration with marianne . so . actually i have noticed if phil is on the call . ( ph ) yes , yes . ( on ) yeah , perfect . so great that you are ready to start calling . excellent . so again , when t- eehm- when do you expect to have the the prototype ? how difficult is this ? is it for two weeks or three weeks ( ? ? ) it 's hard to gets ? ( ph ) okay , okay , ehm , i refuse the pervoice tutorial , i have taking a look at the some work ( ? ? ) . i do n't think ( ? ? ) dusted off my copy ( ? ? ) ( on ) okay . ( ph ) number , yes ... i , yeah i think i know what i need to do . so i 'm gon na start coding next week . i 'm very optimistic . i can have a prototype soon like within a couple of weeks ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) ( ? ? ) translation of all sentences . ( on ) yeah , yeah . the incomplete sentences are question . ( ph ) yeah , that 's where the big question mark so at the moment , that 's what i 'm not so sure . ( on ) so for th- for this we have tried creating corpus of incomplete sentences . and we are continuing translation of our sentence level transformer for these incomplete sentences . and for some reason the training diverged , dominik could tell you more , ehm , but we have tried only once . so we need to try a few more times and do we have any one from eehm- yeah , we have felix . so , felix , could you disclose , how should we best handle the- the incomplete sentences , because what we do not want to do is to rely on the cashing client . one reason is that we do n't have the time to to fix the cashing client , or it 's reliable and all that . but the main reason is the cashing client makes the latency too big for the final users . so what we really want to have is ehm to translation of incomplete sentences for the user experience . so the question is , ehhhm , ho- what is the output of the asr actually , when does the asr decide to to start a new segment , like to close the the previous segment . when i 'm looking at the outputs of of the asr , it 's not complete sentences , but it 's closing off every now and then , so how does this work ? and what can we expect to to receive for the mt part ? ( dominik ) the asr does not close sentences at all . ( ? ? ) is continues sequent ( ? ? ) ( on ) okay . ( do ) sequence labeling task which labels were ( ? ? ) and eventually will place a label to end the sentence . ( on ) and that 's where if you if you like bur- if you run into in in the eb client , and you see the lines great deal extending , and then suddenly the lines being cut short . this is where the segmentation worker has decided to to end the sentence , right ? ( fe ) if you request in the eb client text , then yes . if you want to see right asr output i 'm not sure if ( ? ? ) you will have to request the unsegmented text . ( on ) yes . so the from the client . and there is- you see individual words there , uh , in the vertical format , so that one word per line and the time stamps , yeh , so the the question is , which approach should we take as the input for for marian client . should we rather rely on the segmented output already but then we need to create the segmenters for all the asr languages . well , you have english , you have german , but we do n't have czech . and still it 's it was not sentences like what what i was getting there . ( do ) ( ? ? ) both we calls ( ? ? ) completely spokens of ( ? ? ) and asr can change ( ? ? ) when when asr decides that given given that ( causes ) so far , maybe ( ? ? ) sentence would be better . and so the asr can change it 's mind . ( on ) yeah , so and the output , if you look at the individual segmen- , individual tokens from the if you if you look at the unsegmented output . it would mean that he would suddenly see the same timestamp that you already saw before . but with the same timestamp there would be new token , and if this if the timestamp still falls in the range , which is like operational in the segmentation worker , then it will correct it . and emit he new hypoteses within intermediate work changed . and it can- maybe also happen that the uhhh- that segmentation worker has already closed the sentence . but still the asr worker decides to fix word before this end of the sentence is that possible ? ( do ) i do n't know the exact technical detail of that bound about right . but the asr signals is explicitly , but come a time when the when the sentences markets final and that will also ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , so what do- in general if we run the the segmentation worker , if you run pipeline and if we look at the outputs of segmentation workers , we should train our empty systems to work on all the individual lines that we are getting from these . and some of these lines will be complete sentences . and some of these lines will be partial sentences . but generally they will be starting at the beginning of a sentence , right ? is that correct ? ( do ) yes , i 'm- i 'm not train with these system myself i think we 're in the process of doing them , but my intuition would be do not put too much emphasis the incomplete sentences . ( on ) ehm . ( do ) the ( algoritm ) what the system will be judged by the final translation , and you should ( ? ? ) the translation was by having incomplete sentences , which i 'm probably not going to be useful translations . ( on ) so . let me- yeah , let me let me do copy paste of an ugly , or- actually , i might try share a screen if that works , how do i share the screen , that one select window or screen . and there is screen , hmm , allow . so hopefully i 'm now sharing my screen , if you yes , and this is this is the output that we get that we got at the last conference , the mock conference with the interpreters . so this is the output of the secon- english unsegmented text , to s- to text . so . this is the segmenta- english segmentatiton worker , and we are getting outputs like this . so you see that it has been already process by the segmentation worker , and you have the punctuation , but it 's still extending the sentences . and then suddenly we see such eee such a message like wanted to do more later on . i saw statistics on the internet . and in said that i 'm . so uh , is this the type of input that our empty system should be ready for , which is starting in the middle of a sentence , having full sentence . and then continuing with the third one for example , it can happen here that- this one , the middle line . can . can you see it ? is it . is it legible on ? ( do ) i can see it . ( on ) . yeah . ( do ) and have to check in details to logs . but i think that is what ( ? ? ) , yes . ( on ) yeah . okay , so phil . i think that we should proceed , john play with dominik and you . and we should change our training data for the empty systems , so that they would gracefully handle input like this . ( ph ) okay . ( on ) translating partial sentences and even more sentences in one go . this is not far from the context , dependent mission translation that we have tried for for this wmt so technically the segments are not too long , they never spent too too much beyond this , what what beyond this language that your looking at now , and we just need to make sure that the the transform model handle that well . and our idea is to is to train normal sentence to sentence models , those that you already training . and and find tune on these strange- strangely segmented inputs . ( ph ) sorry , ondrej , why does segmentation change , though it it sort of- it has . i wanted to do more later on . ( on ) ehm . ( ph ) it is off the eye ? whats going on what 's that mean ? ( on ) felix would know , i have , i have no idea ( fe ) um ( ? ? ) for one thing it 's also possible that if it is ( i 'm it knew hypothesis , the segmentation as we run output segmentation might be different . that 's one possibility . the other possibility is that maybe if asr only changes one word for the fact that my ( ? ? ) one word . um , i would have to be at the coding ( ? ? ) ( ph ) hmm , cause cause the first segmentation is fine . and then then a split softly eyes . we wanted your empty system was use the first segmentation . i want to do more later on which is absolutely fine and then it is gone crazy . and you if- ( on ) it is not really crazy . what what i 'm miss here , and i think that 's that 's a problem that has to be solve very soon is that ( the herd ) zero . these are probably the timestamps . and the segmentation worker is not emitting timestamps , it receives timestamps with the individual tokens from the asr , but it does n't emit them . right ? is that is that correct felix ? ( fe ) ehm , it does n't emit something . i 'm not sure what exactly those on . ( on ) yeah , so i would . i think that this is something that karlsruhe needs to investigate and and improve the the segmentation worker so that it emits the timestamps because these timestamps would then allow us to like handle the translation well . we need you . uh , realize that this part . this saw statistics on the internet , actually starts in the middle of or like is it some continuation ehm of of something which already output . and then the alignment ( ? ? ) ricky ( do ? ) i 'm not sure it is ( ? ? ) here . ( ? ? ) ( do ) we have already probably getting good translation of that sentence . so we really do n't wan na be translating again and complainig about ( ? ? ) time . ( on ) yes , yes . yeah . so the problem is that if we have from these . even if if these are not zeros . if the are- if these are the timestamps of the beginning and the end of this later and not , then we we are not uhm , we do not know the the timestamps for the individual parts like here internet full stop . and then we do n't know where to where to start , uh , like redoing the translation . so there will be quite quite on tricky coordination between the components . uhm . so how do we proceed ? we have some of the sample data . i think that yeah . i think that the the order of- the thing that the thing that we have to do is first . we need to ask felix , or someone from karlsruhe to validate these locks to to help us create a reliable locks from the asr workers , so that we are seeing what we are supposed to be seeing , and this should include timestamps . and then we should , eehm , yeah , and then we should decide how to- the baseline would be indeed to follow the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker , which uh , which get worse , here with the- with the eyes ( saw ) statistics , and then the final experience of the the user experience the of translation would not be good , because the statistics of on the internet will translate only the later part of of sentence . i think we should go for this baseline for for the workshop . so the baseline would be to have models that translates this . and even if it 's damaging the tail of the sentence which was previously translate better . i would prefer that uh , over like- over translate over waiting for full sentences . when the cashing cli- cashing worker . so i think for the user experience it will be better if we translate these incomplete and slightly damaging sentences , uhm , rather than having the cashing worker , which we have had in the past , uh , as as a fair . and the cashing worker took too much time to actually close the sentences . and and only the ( junk ) for translated to lights . so the baseline is to uh , keep the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker and translate sentences like this . the improved goal probably not for this- this workshop would be to preserved the good part , as it was translated already , and , ehm , then only update the next part . and this could be also done actually at the level of of this source words strinks . so we did n't - we do not necessarily have to rely on the alignment . we can realize that we already saw this . i saw statistics on the internet . we could realize that this is the suffix of that , and we could realize that we don't- we want to skip this from the imput . so we could uh , this this- this cleverness could be part of the empty empty worker ( fe ) i do n't want to ( ? ? ) and the risk of false information for for the most part i think the empty worker does do these things and ( ? ? ) details i ( ? ? ) recommend you have to ( ? ? ) that i posted last time ( ? ? ) which is the code for the emptyworker , not the actual mt part but every everything from the moment it 's ( ? ? ) your network and after it get back from your network so all the the change together , were ( ? ? ) this part and ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah . so this is this is important for phil . if you and phil could like synchronize and make sure that phil will know where the relevant code is , then phil can decide whether in his re-implementation for marian . he can directly use that code , uh , or whether he has to like created that from scratch for some reasons , and then we would have to postpone it . and it will have only the baseline that i just described for the workshop . does that make sense ? do you agree ? ( ph ) that sounds reasonable to me here . ( on ) yeah , so phil please , take an old , and and make sure to try to look up of this thing in the existing code , uh , in the ( ? ? ) ticket . and then let me know , maybe in the call next week , like whether whether do this worked but for the- i think that phil we should try to train the models to be ready to accept like partial sentences , and even inputs that started at the middle of of of sentence . so me and dominik will try to get the this part working , which is like finetuning normal empty models for a bad- badly segmented inputs . so dominik please take the note on your side , but we need to figure out what why we failed and we should get that running , and that way , hopefully uh , will have the correct segmentation from the existing old from the karlsruhe emtpty workers , available also in the new marian empty worker . but as a fall back we should have a models that are ready for for such input . and one thing is still missing . and that the segmentation worker trained for czech , but that that is also really depended obviously on the on the asr for czech . ok . so i 'll stop sharing the screen , and let 's move to the- let 's move to the google document again . so there is , where are we integration of marian . this is what we have covered . so , still not sure how to best handle two options , two options reuse called from slt kit . phil to synchronize with felix . and tell us next week if this works . obtion two is to train mt or fine tune send level models to gracefully handle badly segmented input . and this will make a fall back solution for ( ? ? ) well , fully following uhm the segmentation from the segmentation worker . even if it damages tails of previously translated sentences . okay . then the production client . that 's dominik . well , the the thing is that eb client will now ( ? ? ) in a different connector . and it 's uh , the the main- what is the main message dominik . well . we would just rename that , right ? dominik , are you there ? we can not hear you . i do not know what 's uhm , yeah , i do n't know , if dominik 's here . no , we can not hear you . okay , so never mind . the idea is that we are- we are working on this cruise control . and it will use this report , which is now called the production connectors , so that it is no longer labor prototype . and and we are testing it in the in the dry runs . okay , do we have ? if if dominik is able to connect better later on , then we can learn perhaps more details . we do n't have tyson here english and german asr , what is the status there . i think felix can say that- you probably think it 's all right . it is it is working , and nothing has to be done , right ? or are there any , uh , any changes with this ? ( do ) ( ? ? ) asr working fine . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( do ) we spoke yesterday ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , one thing is the language model adaptation . so that 's uh , adaptatiton . are you ready for us to send the plain text files and add work granularity . we can have plain text files with relevant well slide- from the slides from related documents , and we can give it to you at the level of individual presentations , or we can lump all of those together for the day , or for the whole today workshop . uh , so , what type of data can you make use of . ( do ) generally any any sort of text is ( ? ? ) , on sure exactly how detailed it has to be i 'm , i 'm not sure . ( on ) yeah . so please investigate whether in the end , you are going to lumb them all together , and prepare one language model and like start the workers with the one language model for this workshop , or whether there is a mechanism that we could make it presentation or per day . i do not know how difficult is it , to get it change to a different language model . ( do ) so the minds of the mechanism , we are not using such a mechanism anymore ( ? ? ) we have one thing it 's a lot of effort ( ? ? ) language models and it 's also possible that models system do n't need adaptation any more . ( on ) okay . ( do ) i will have to ask back asr people ( on ) yeah . so , please you , let us know next week , yeah , felix to investigate what will be supported at wg vet . so it 's up to you . if you decide that you do n't want to do any asr adaptation to the text , that 's fine , if you do it and because you you , you find it like useless , if it is the model is is the domin indepedant enough that that will be sufficient . if you decide that you would like it from us at the level of individual presentations , we will have to discuss the technical details like where to put the files and all that we 're surely collecting the files . and will try to do fine tuning of the machine translation models based on ( ? ? ) that that we can get based on the mono- monolingual include files . so we 're surely doing domain adaptation somehow , and will see how far and get it . felix , ehm , okay . okay , so please tell us next week then , please tell us next week . excellent . the czech asr . well , jon\u00e1\u0161 is not here , but he is working hard to get the pipeline , the training for call the running , what we are . so , uhm , yes , we should call the integration , call the integration and segmentation worker for czech . we are still in the face of creating the asr models ourselves . and , uhm , we have not yet started with the called integration , really like coding the- we do not have the final decision , how we do it . so this is still very risky , uhm , whether we will have czech asr for the work- workshop or not , but still- the workshop runs in english . and as you know , we are organizing to have student translators there . so there will be , uhm , originally english from the floor . there will be one or two english respeakers , like parallel respeakers to choose the one which works better . there will be one interpretation of from english into czech and one interpretation from czech into german . so the german would be double delayed ehhh , but still thanks to this double digestion it can be better . so we will see in practice , whether we like- which output we like best . whether from the asrs of english , and which one of those . we can skip asr if we do n't have it . and we can have the asr from , uh , from german , if that 's if that appears the best . okay , so this is to give you the the whole picture . dominik should be able to speak now , but- ( do ) yes , can you hear me now ? ( on ) yes , yes , ( do ) perfect . ( on ) so is there anything about the connector to the the main client to say ? ( do ) i do n't think so just- there will be another ( ? ? ) i changed ( ? ? ) the whole structure and we will continue deployment there . ( on ) yeah , okay . then for the daily testing so far- uh , we do n't have the daily test yet , but we have the install and test scripts , and we run them every now and then . so i think we should as weeks pause we should indeed do this on a daily basis . but it is not critical . we 're , we 're already using that report . and and we are , we are doing the test manually not not automatically . but it's- ( do ) yes . ( on ) it 's there . and then the machine translation systems , multilingual english tool any is currently training , okay , that 's good , because the the student i have for this is not delivering anything . he is still like- he knows how to train marian , but somehow it does n't really work for for him . so if if we can get the models from phil , that 's more- is much safer , yeah . uh , and the ( ? ? ) i think we have discussed this ( do ) yeah , we already cover that point , i guess um , you mentioned you will gon na try to get some data from taos . ( on ) yes , ehm . ( do ) it any further with that ? ( on ) so thi- this will be . well , i have not emailed , ehm , you know him as well ( ? ? ) , but i 've talked to him before , and i do n't have the data , the input data now , because we are still collecting them from- actually we 're , shortly we should be deploying the platform , the tiny webpage to collect the documents , then the sao will populate this with the documents , then i will convert the documents the plain text . then i will send these plane text to taus , then taus will extract uh , all they have . and then will get the data from the taus . so this is something that well has a long pipeline , but we 'll get there , uh , someday . so uh , what is the latest date , when we needs the input for the fine tuning ? so , we need the mt domain dependent data for mt fine tuning by . so . ( ph ) fine tuning i guess we do n't need too much time , probably- ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) one week of the event would be okay . ( on ) wednesday , june 19 , yeah . still it 's quite early . okay , so i 'll work back from this date , and and hopefully will have it um-hum . yeah , felix is empty that 's on a german to english , mainly because the the english asr will be a uhm , so so then , our main input will be the english asr or one of those from the rich speakers , the secondary , like the fall back input could be from german to english , and then i would indeed ehm rely on the pervoice platform to do to do the pipoting . so if we r- if we select the german asr as the most reliable source , even with the double delay . and the extra pivoting , then we would need the german to english empty system , and then the english to multilingual empty system . so i would now like to learn from felix , that this empty system works and emits outputs in such way that the the subsequent english to something , and the system can directly connect and pervoice platform will will do it , is that true ? ( ba ) so it depends emits output , i do n't think that the the the ( ? ? ) that should work , i i can report back to you . but i can say that english- german to english is probably our best translations systems ( ? ? ) transform model so would get better . ( on ) yeah , from english for ehm . yeah , so and also chiara . so this is something where chiara and you should coordinate . and tested whether the platform indeed support pivoting , cause you , at the karlsruhe you also have english to something empty systems . so please try a pipeline where you use your- where you use german asr , german to english empty system and then english to anything just for the sake of testing this this pipeline . ( ki ) okay , just i 'm taking note . we see german asr , german to english machine translation , ( on ) yeah . ( ki ) okay , and ? ( on ) and english to anything machine translation and the presentation platform at the end . ( kiara ) english to anything . . translation ... ( on ) yes , this pipeline , ehm , and german , yes , the german asr kit german english empty , kit english whatever , whatever empty and then presentation . ( ki ) okay , ehm , sorry what do you mean for pivoting . ( on ) well , the pivoting is that you connect these two empty systems . that 's the , that 's the idea of pivoting , that you are translating to whatever via english . ( ki ) okay , okay . thank you . ( on ) so please , test this , and let us know again next week , if this works , because then we will be replacing this part was the marian worker that phil will be developing , but we need to know that the rest works . okay . thank you . uh , so dominik . test the fine tuning from start document on ( ? ? ) real . uh , yes . so there is a new idea . big ( ? ? ) next only corpus . ( fe ) i will alreday report everything works . ( on ) this works ? okay ? excellent . ( do ) ( ? ? ) asr outputs ( on ) felix , what were you saying ? what works ? this the germany asr this one . felix are- felix , are you looking at the google document ? felix confirms this works except the new pervoice except the nonexisting pervoice presentation platform . right ? ( fe ) yeah , so i just tested by starting one about english workers and pivoting over english worker . ( on ) yeah , and it was in the at the level of partial sentences ? so there was no cashing , cashing worker involved ? ( fe ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , okay , right . yep . so than dominik can you very briefly say about this , because we were discussing this ehm , what is your idea . ( do ) yes . ( on ) wide failed , and then so on . ( do ) ehm , so i tried to fine tunder original model on on on sub sentence window of size three to fifty words and we did to cuts on alignments . so we have- so we have paralel subsentence corpus , and we have for now only to that corpus two milions of words , about one thousand documents- and soon we have audias of these documents . so we can run asr on this and train on the- on the output from asr with errors against the references . ( on ) ehm . ( do ) but for it we need to the final hypoteses from asr . and now i had publick- now , now i have new idea that we can take paralel big paralel text only corpus then we are text to speech on it , and then asr , and we try and on the output from asr with- with errors against the original targets . ( on ) hm , yes . so aa- felix would you expect this to work reasonably well , and what text to speech should we use ? i would , ehm- i would be somewhat skeptical about asr from t- from text to speech . ( fe ) yeah , so would i on this very most important thing would be text to speech on models one speaker . and know , know background conditions , very , very ( ? ? ) i am not asr researcher . but i do n't think that it would be ( ? ? ) data at all . ( ba ) but it will do the same errors on name entities and rire works as usual speaker at least . so i think um , the empty system can prepared for the such errors . ( do ) yeah . looked to one of the the top as slt systems in last year 's ( ? ? ) , and they were using this technique as- it was only one aspect of their systems . so i 'm not sure exactly how- ( do ) important- ( ba ) how effective it was but they were using this . ( on ) so , let 's us keep this idea in mind . but i do n't think that it's- it 's good to for suite for this workshop at the end of june . ( do ) yeah . ( on ) so uh . so let 's plan it- so let 's postpone this after wg vet . what i like though is the first one to train on real asr from ( ? ? ) docks . so this is this is something that you are probably already doing so uhm for this . uh . we need to run kit asr on the ( ? ? ) docks , record the locks , ah including timestamps , and then , and then like fiddle with the alignments and segmentation , uhm , yeah making our paralel data for training of empty similar to the uh segmentation or like miss segmentation ehm that we get from the asr segmentation worker . so this is this is like a realistic test , where we have the audio , and we can observe real segmentation as we get it from the segmentation worker . and then we can use this segmentation with uh the paralel data to change the paralel data , so that are segmentation mimics what the what the segmentation workers is doing , and this would be the uh , the data for fine tuning the empty systems . so . okay , so we will let you know uh the next week , how this whether we 've succeeded , whether we were able to uh , to proceed to to process that docks with kit with the existing workers or whether we failed , and so on . yeah , okay , thank you . and yes , ah , waiting for the integration . so will know from phil how that works . the ( ? ? ) binding , i agree . it 's not a priority at the moment because we are planning to rely on the on the marian , then anything , uh , yeah , yeah , so anyone coming to prague in person ? this is just to do the planning . are you , is anyone planning to come for the workshop ? ( ) i do . ( on ) well , you are in prague . ( ) oh , yes . ( on ) so let us know , or especially tea know , if you were planning to come in person to to see it live . i think it would be useful . but it is not critical . it would be . it would be useful , but we could do it , ehm , even say , would be extremely useful for you to see the whole thing in in practice , because the last person we had here were dario . uh , who knows how things work , and then it is a ( ? ? ) getting ( ? ? ) . stephane . yeah , and and stephane , but stephene is known project . so it would be better if if someone from the project was was here . just let us know later on . we have discuss the presentation platform , and then is it- is there anyway this like a feature request for pervoice ? is there a way to avoid broken workers while starting a client ? if we know that some work- yeah ? ( ki ) may i ask you to explain me a little bit more this- ( on ) yeah . so we know from experience that karlsruhe is running age asr workers for english , and four of them do n't emit any output . and if we run the same client , the same pipeline concurently six times , we will end up with four lines four pipelines four sessions ineffective , and the fith and sixth one working well . so like in in search for components that work , it would be better if we could simply say please start this pipeline again and avoid this worker , because it 's under the control of karlsruhe the worker claims it 's working , but it 's not delivering the output . so we would like to as the users at the end of the client , would like to say , we want to build this pipeline , but avoid this particle worker , because last time it did n't work for us . ( ki ) so you are asking a- a kind of a ban of not working workers . ( on ) yes . ( ki ) no , at the moment it 's not possible . of course , is being on the idea that who subscribes the mediator as service is able to provide the service , but i can take a note and check it with the team . it is possible something like this . uhhm , i have to say that it 's not easy , because of course , pervoice platform is based on uhm having distributed services allowed you would join . and leave the service , it 's not that easy to imaging such kind of behaviour , but we can reason about it , of course , ( on ) another option would be to somehow like have tests of workers , and the workers should themselves or the the the party , who is providing the workers should should be able to test individual workers . and if they do n't work as the party themselves expect , they would kill the worker . so like i imagine that at karlsruhe , there could be a script every two minutes or whatever , uh , looking at all the ideal workers and asking for a particle worker , uh , to test it . and if the test fails , then karlsruhe would know which worker is it . and they would kill it on their side , and then it would not be available anymore in the platform . so that 's another options . so another ond\u0159ej says another option would be to force the platform to use particular worker for pipeline or for session , use quick test session as they side of ag kit for each of their workers and if they do not pass their test kit could kill them . ( ki ) yes , ehm , of course , we have to define what suitable ( ? ? ) for each kind of service it 's not that easy to manage it also in this way . but of course is something we can reason about . ( on ) yeah . yeah , okay , yeah . thank you . well , is there any further questions , please ask , otherwise let us give us give ourselves at least ten minutes break before the next call . ( ki ) okay , just . ( on ) right ? ( ki ) i has just a question regarding your note in presentation platform the ondrej experiments , fix experiments , probably we discussed about it on monday . ( on ) yes , exactly this is- this is this is to be- this is to be discussed on monday . so we don't- but you can ask now . ( ki ) yes , in the mean by if you want to share with us your experiment , we can check it . ( on ) hm , okay . ( ki ) maybe this afternoon in order be more prepared on monday . ( on ) okay , yes . ( ki ) thank you . ( on ) thank you . so i i- i add note for myself . thank you . any other questions ? ( fe ) i would like to press some of the asr clients or the ( ? ? ) are not working . then you have to tell us . and then we can . we can do something about that . ( on ) yeah , we will apply ( ? ? ) tyson is responsive , i know though we we just email him , and then get him on on slack . and then he restarts it and it works . we just find it like off- we do n't want to bother you . if if we can work it- work around for that ourselves for our quick test at random times of the day . so i 'm- i was not complaining in anyway exactly as i said , tyson has always quickly helped us . but still there is this risk that tyson would be giving lecture , or or whatever would not be available . uh . and in that case , it may be very useful to have this to have this option . ( fe ) does this happen often ? ( on ) every time we try like after a week of not trying . ( fe ) we have . we have sessions starting , stoping with regular election tranclation so it 's four to six times a day , and the worker is still all work after three weeks . so i 'm i 'm wondering why you are having this problem all , and then we ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah , so we should try to investigate , the when whenever this happens again . will tell not only tyson but also you , so that you could diagnose , right ? ( fe ) interesting is also is the the usual problem that the the person ( ? ? ) the worker is not free dubt ( ? ? ) as mark is busy in which case you could n't even start new session , because- ( on ) that 's not the case , that 's different ( fe ) and we 're having even a different problem . i personally not able see . ( on ) yeah , we 're simply not receiving any output from the worker . it connects but it does n't emit any output at all . will let you know . ( fe ) doodle let us know maybe we can have a - i think there 's a ( ? ? ) mechanism , wifi something . ( ? ? ) worker is hearing ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , okay , yeah , yeah , thank you . so dominik please please remember that next time we we would like to make ( ? ? ) of such failure to debug thats . okay . thanks a lot . and let 's let 's talk in five minutes again , maybe not all of you , but the general elitr call . okay , so thank you very much for your time . i was hoping to have this faster , but- well , there is too many things to discuss . sorry . thank you . ( ki ) bye . ( on ) bye , bye . bye", "tgt": "presentation platform . technical call with chiara on monday . dealing with incomplete sentences . timestamps . segmentation worker is emitting . segmentation worker for czech is missing . language model adaptation . the czech asr . connector to the main client . multilingual english tool . empty systems - german to english , english to multilingual . pivoting . dominik \u2019 s original model on sub sentence window . workshop . broken workers in pervoice ."}
{"src": "( on ) everybody is busy , so let 's make this very quick . ehm , hmm , this is just an update , ehm , so let 's follow the agenda on the google document , the presentation platform , uh , chiara , what do you mean by functionalities to be checked ? ( ki ) okay . ( on ) yeah . ( ki ) do you hear me ? yes , hm , okay . we have refined the function of analyses of presentation platform and ehm , we would like to share it with you ondrej and dominik can your team . in order to check if we misunderstood something , or if there something we need to add to our analyses , to check in- in this . ( on ) hmm , exactly . so if you scroll down little bit in the agenda , there is a slot on pr- presentation platform . so i just learn from you , what is the status of development . you have the the plan , you also has a timeline , like after we agree , if we agree on the functions that should there you in the next week . when could there be a prototype ? ( ki ) yeh , it 's , hmm , we are still planning the development . of course we started , but there is not due date at the moment , some some . ( on ) yeah , yeah . so , what it ( ki ) but , mmm ... first of all we have to check the function analysis . ( on ) i totally agree . let 's just think that uh , we already need it really working in well tested , uh , at the end of june . so i think that the first prototype should be ideally ready , uh , on the 7th of june , like the first very first shot with with box and all of that . would that be feasible ? ( ki ) ooo , i am not able to tell you if it 's feasible , but i taking notes . and i will sure it we ( ? ? ) the team . ( on ) ehmm , yeah , okay , and ehm find a slot for the technical discussion . that 's exactly what you want . and i wanted . so , are you when is your earliest date for uh , for technical call , eeeeh , tomoo- to to like this the next week would- ( ki ) yes , sure . ( on ) monday , monday morning ? ( ki ) nn , monday morning , ahh , actually , we have a call twelve o'clock , but early it 's perfectly fine for us . ( on ) okay , yes , so monday , at nine , or ten or as you wish . ( ki ) well , monday at 10 , let 's see . ( on ) okay , okay . perfect . ( ki ) nice . ( on ) so monday the 20th of may at ten , and will discuss what what we need in the platform and- . yeah , perfect . so this all is resolve the presentation platform . then the integration with marianne . so . actually i have noticed if phil is on the call . ( ph ) yes , yes . ( on ) yeah , perfect . so great that you are ready to start calling . excellent . so again , when t- eehm- when do you expect to have the the prototype ? how difficult is this ? is it for two weeks or three weeks ( ? ? ) it 's hard to gets ? ( ph ) okay , okay , ehm , i refuse the pervoice tutorial , i have taking a look at the some work ( ? ? ) . i do n't think ( ? ? ) dusted off my copy ( ? ? ) ( on ) okay . ( ph ) number , yes ... i , yeah i think i know what i need to do . so i 'm gon na start coding next week . i 'm very optimistic . i can have a prototype soon like within a couple of weeks ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) ( ? ? ) translation of all sentences . ( on ) yeah , yeah . the incomplete sentences are question . ( ph ) yeah , that 's where the big question mark so at the moment , that 's what i 'm not so sure . ( on ) so for th- for this we have tried creating corpus of incomplete sentences . and we are continuing translation of our sentence level transformer for these incomplete sentences . and for some reason the training diverged , dominik could tell you more , ehm , but we have tried only once . so we need to try a few more times and do we have any one from eehm- yeah , we have felix . so , felix , could you disclose , how should we best handle the- the incomplete sentences , because what we do not want to do is to rely on the cashing client . one reason is that we do n't have the time to to fix the cashing client , or it 's reliable and all that . but the main reason is the cashing client makes the latency too big for the final users . so what we really want to have is ehm to translation of incomplete sentences for the user experience . so the question is , ehhhm , ho- what is the output of the asr actually , when does the asr decide to to start a new segment , like to close the the previous segment . when i 'm looking at the outputs of of the asr , it 's not complete sentences , but it 's closing off every now and then , so how does this work ? and what can we expect to to receive for the mt part ? ( dominik ) the asr does not close sentences at all . ( ? ? ) is continues sequent ( ? ? ) ( on ) okay . ( do ) sequence labeling task which labels were ( ? ? ) and eventually will place a label to end the sentence . ( on ) and that 's where if you if you like bur- if you run into in in the eb client , and you see the lines great deal extending , and then suddenly the lines being cut short . this is where the segmentation worker has decided to to end the sentence , right ? ( fe ) if you request in the eb client text , then yes . if you want to see right asr output i 'm not sure if ( ? ? ) you will have to request the unsegmented text . ( on ) yes . so the from the client . and there is- you see individual words there , uh , in the vertical format , so that one word per line and the time stamps , yeh , so the the question is , which approach should we take as the input for for marian client . should we rather rely on the segmented output already but then we need to create the segmenters for all the asr languages . well , you have english , you have german , but we do n't have czech . and still it 's it was not sentences like what what i was getting there . ( do ) ( ? ? ) both we calls ( ? ? ) completely spokens of ( ? ? ) and asr can change ( ? ? ) when when asr decides that given given that ( causes ) so far , maybe ( ? ? ) sentence would be better . and so the asr can change it 's mind . ( on ) yeah , so and the output , if you look at the individual segmen- , individual tokens from the if you if you look at the unsegmented output . it would mean that he would suddenly see the same timestamp that you already saw before . but with the same timestamp there would be new token , and if this if the timestamp still falls in the range , which is like operational in the segmentation worker , then it will correct it . and emit he new hypoteses within intermediate work changed . and it can- maybe also happen that the uhhh- that segmentation worker has already closed the sentence . but still the asr worker decides to fix word before this end of the sentence is that possible ? ( do ) i do n't know the exact technical detail of that bound about right . but the asr signals is explicitly , but come a time when the when the sentences markets final and that will also ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , so what do- in general if we run the the segmentation worker , if you run pipeline and if we look at the outputs of segmentation workers , we should train our empty systems to work on all the individual lines that we are getting from these . and some of these lines will be complete sentences . and some of these lines will be partial sentences . but generally they will be starting at the beginning of a sentence , right ? is that correct ? ( do ) yes , i 'm- i 'm not train with these system myself i think we 're in the process of doing them , but my intuition would be do not put too much emphasis the incomplete sentences . ( on ) ehm . ( do ) the ( algoritm ) what the system will be judged by the final translation , and you should ( ? ? ) the translation was by having incomplete sentences , which i 'm probably not going to be useful translations . ( on ) so . let me- yeah , let me let me do copy paste of an ugly , or- actually , i might try share a screen if that works , how do i share the screen , that one select window or screen . and there is screen , hmm , allow . so hopefully i 'm now sharing my screen , if you yes , and this is this is the output that we get that we got at the last conference , the mock conference with the interpreters . so this is the output of the secon- english unsegmented text , to s- to text . so . this is the segmenta- english segmentatiton worker , and we are getting outputs like this . so you see that it has been already process by the segmentation worker , and you have the punctuation , but it 's still extending the sentences . and then suddenly we see such eee such a message like wanted to do more later on . i saw statistics on the internet . and in said that i 'm . so uh , is this the type of input that our empty system should be ready for , which is starting in the middle of a sentence , having full sentence . and then continuing with the third one for example , it can happen here that- this one , the middle line . can . can you see it ? is it . is it legible on ? ( do ) i can see it . ( on ) . yeah . ( do ) and have to check in details to logs . but i think that is what ( ? ? ) , yes . ( on ) yeah . okay , so phil . i think that we should proceed , john play with dominik and you . and we should change our training data for the empty systems , so that they would gracefully handle input like this . ( ph ) okay . ( on ) translating partial sentences and even more sentences in one go . this is not far from the context , dependent mission translation that we have tried for for this wmt so technically the segments are not too long , they never spent too too much beyond this , what what beyond this language that your looking at now , and we just need to make sure that the the transform model handle that well . and our idea is to is to train normal sentence to sentence models , those that you already training . and and find tune on these strange- strangely segmented inputs . ( ph ) sorry , ondrej , why does segmentation change , though it it sort of- it has . i wanted to do more later on . ( on ) ehm . ( ph ) it is off the eye ? whats going on what 's that mean ? ( on ) felix would know , i have , i have no idea ( fe ) um ( ? ? ) for one thing it 's also possible that if it is ( i 'm it knew hypothesis , the segmentation as we run output segmentation might be different . that 's one possibility . the other possibility is that maybe if asr only changes one word for the fact that my ( ? ? ) one word . um , i would have to be at the coding ( ? ? ) ( ph ) hmm , cause cause the first segmentation is fine . and then then a split softly eyes . we wanted your empty system was use the first segmentation . i want to do more later on which is absolutely fine and then it is gone crazy . and you if- ( on ) it is not really crazy . what what i 'm miss here , and i think that 's that 's a problem that has to be solve very soon is that ( the herd ) zero . these are probably the timestamps . and the segmentation worker is not emitting timestamps , it receives timestamps with the individual tokens from the asr , but it does n't emit them . right ? is that is that correct felix ? ( fe ) ehm , it does n't emit something . i 'm not sure what exactly those on . ( on ) yeah , so i would . i think that this is something that karlsruhe needs to investigate and and improve the the segmentation worker so that it emits the timestamps because these timestamps would then allow us to like handle the translation well . we need you . uh , realize that this part . this saw statistics on the internet , actually starts in the middle of or like is it some continuation ehm of of something which already output . and then the alignment ( ? ? ) ricky ( do ? ) i 'm not sure it is ( ? ? ) here . ( ? ? ) ( do ) we have already probably getting good translation of that sentence . so we really do n't wan na be translating again and complainig about ( ? ? ) time . ( on ) yes , yes . yeah . so the problem is that if we have from these . even if if these are not zeros . if the are- if these are the timestamps of the beginning and the end of this later and not , then we we are not uhm , we do not know the the timestamps for the individual parts like here internet full stop . and then we do n't know where to where to start , uh , like redoing the translation . so there will be quite quite on tricky coordination between the components . uhm . so how do we proceed ? we have some of the sample data . i think that yeah . i think that the the order of- the thing that the thing that we have to do is first . we need to ask felix , or someone from karlsruhe to validate these locks to to help us create a reliable locks from the asr workers , so that we are seeing what we are supposed to be seeing , and this should include timestamps . and then we should , eehm , yeah , and then we should decide how to- the baseline would be indeed to follow the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker , which uh , which get worse , here with the- with the eyes ( saw ) statistics , and then the final experience of the the user experience the of translation would not be good , because the statistics of on the internet will translate only the later part of of sentence . i think we should go for this baseline for for the workshop . so the baseline would be to have models that translates this . and even if it 's damaging the tail of the sentence which was previously translate better . i would prefer that uh , over like- over translate over waiting for full sentences . when the cashing cli- cashing worker . so i think for the user experience it will be better if we translate these incomplete and slightly damaging sentences , uhm , rather than having the cashing worker , which we have had in the past , uh , as as a fair . and the cashing worker took too much time to actually close the sentences . and and only the ( junk ) for translated to lights . so the baseline is to uh , keep the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker and translate sentences like this . the improved goal probably not for this- this workshop would be to preserved the good part , as it was translated already , and , ehm , then only update the next part . and this could be also done actually at the level of of this source words strings . so we did n't - we do not necessarily have to rely on the alignment . we can realize that we already saw this . i saw statistics on the internet . we could realize that this is the suffix of that , and we could realize that we don't- we want to skip this from the input . so we could uh , this this- this cleverness could be part of the empty empty worker ( fe ) i do n't want to ( ? ? ) and the risk of false information for for the most part i think the empty worker does do these things and for that details i definitely recommend you have to look srt library that i posted last time , from github which is the code for the emptyworker , not the actual mt part but every everything from the moment it 's ( ? ? ) your network and after it get back from your network so all the the change together , were ( ? ? ) this part and ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah . so this is this is important for phil . if you and phil could like synchronize and make sure that phil will know where the relevant code is , then phil can decide whether in his re-implementation for marian . he can directly use that code , uh , or whether he has to like created that from scratch for some reasons , and then we would have to postpone it . and it will have only the baseline that i just described for the workshop . does that make sense ? do you agree ? ( ph ) that sounds reasonable to me here . ( on ) yeah , so phil please , take a note , and and make sure to try to look up of this thing in the existing code , uh , in the slt kit . and then let me know , maybe in the call next week , like whether whether do this worked but for the- i think that phil we should try to train the models to be ready to accept like partial sentences , and even inputs that started at the middle of of of sentence . so me and dominik will try to get the this part working , which is like finetuning normal empty models for a bad- badly segmented inputs . so dominik please take the note on your side , but we need to figure out what why we failed and we should get that running , and that way , hopefully uh , we 'll have the correct segmentation from the existing old from the karlsruhe emtpty workers , available also in the new marian empty worker . but as a fallback we should have a models that are ready for for such input . and one thing is still missing . and that the segmentation worker trained for czech , but that that 's also really depended obviously on the on the asr for czech . ok . so i 'll stop sharing the screen , and let 's move to the yeah- let 's move to the google document again . so there is , where are we integration of marian . this is what we have covered . so , still not sure how to best handle two options , two options reuse called from slt kit . phil to synchronize with felix . and tell us next week if this works . option two is to train mt or fine tune send level models to gracefully handle badly segmented input . and this will make a fallback solution for ( ? ? ) well , yeah , fully following uhm the segmentation from the segmentation worker . even if it damages tails of previously translated sentences . okay . then the production client . that 's dominik . well , the the thing is that eb client will now live in a different connector . and it 's uh , the the main- what is the main message dominik . well . we would just rename that , right ? dominik , are you there ? we can not hear you . i do not know what 's uhm , yeah , i do n't know , if dominik 's here . no , we can not hear you . okay , so never mind . the idea is that we are- we are working on this cruise control . and it will use this report , which is now called the production connectors , so that it is no longer labor prototype . and and we are testing it in the in the dry runs . okay , do we have ? if if dominik is able to connect better later on , then we can learn perhaps more details . we do n't have tyson here english and german asr , what is the status there . i think felix can say that- you probably think it 's all right . it 's it 's working , and nothing has to be done , right ? or are there any , uh , any changes with this ? ( do ) ( ? ? ) asr working fine . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( do ) we spoke yesterday ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , one thing is the language model adaptation . so that 's uh , ml adaptatiton . are you ready for us to send the plain text files and add work granularity . we can have plain text files with relevant well slide- from the slides from related documents , and we can give it to you at the level of individual presentations , or we can lump all of those together for the day , or for the whole today workshop . uh , so , what type of data can you make use of . ( do ) generally any any sort of text is ( ? ? ) , i 'm sure exactly how detailed it has to be i 'm , i 'm not sure . ( on ) yeah . so please investigate whether in the end , you are going to lumb them all together , and prepare one language model , and like start the workers with the one language model for this workshop , or whether there is a mechanism that we could make it presentation or per day . i do not know how difficult is it , to get it change to a different language model . ( do ) so the minds of the mechanism , we are not using such a mechanism anymore ( ? ? ) we have one thing it 's a lot of effort ( ? ? ) language models and it 's also possible that models system do n't need adaptation any more . ( on ) okay . ( do ) i will have to ask back asr people today . ( on ) yeah . so , please you , let us know next week , yeah , felix to investigate what will be supported at wg vet . so it 's up to you . if you decide that you do n't want to do any asr adaptation to the text , that 's fine , if you do it and because you you , you find it like useless , if it is the model is is the domin indepedant enough that that will be sufficient . if you decide that you would like it from us at the level of individual presentations , we will have to discuss the technical details like where to put the files and all that , we 're surely collecting the files . and will try to do fine tuning of the machine translation models based on ( ? ? ) that that we can get based on the mono- monolingual include files . so we 're surely doing domain adaptation somehow , and will see how far and get it . felix , ehm , okay . okay , so please tell us next week then , please tell us next week . excellent . the czech asr . well , jon\u00e1\u0161 is is not here , but he is working hard to get the pipeline , the training for call the running , what we are . so , uhm , yes , we should call the integration , call the integration and segmentation worker for czech . we are still in the face of creating the asr models ourselves . and , uhm , we have not yet started with the called integration , really like coding the- we do not have the final decision , how we do it , so this is still very risky , uhm , whether we will have czech asr for the work- workshop or not , but still- the workshop runs in english . and as you know , we are organizing to have student translators there . so there will be , uhm , originally english from the floor , there will be one or two english respeakers , like parallel respeakers to choose the one which works better . there will be one interpretation of from english into czech and one interpretation from czech into german . so the german would be double delayed ehhh , but still thanks to this double digestion it can be better . so we will see in practice , whether we like- which output we like best . whether from the asrs of english , and which one of those , we can skip asr if we do n't have it . and we can have the asr from , uh , from german , if that 's if that appears the best . okay , so this is to give you the the whole picture . dominik should be able to speak now , but- ( do ) yes , can you hear me now ? ( on ) yes , yes , ( do ) perfect . ( on ) so is there anything about the connector to the the main client to say ? ( do ) i do n't think so just- there will be another ( ? ? ) i changed ( ? ? ) the whole structure and we will continue deployment there . ( on ) yeah , okay . then for the daily testing so far- uh , we do n't have the daily test yet , but we have the install and test scripts , and we run them every now and then . so i think we should as weeks pause we should indeed do this on a daily basis . but it is not critical . we 're , we 're already using that report . and and we are , we are doing the test manually not not automatically . but it's- ( do ) yes . ( on ) it 's there . and then the machine translation systems , multilingual english tool any is currently training , okay , that 's good , because the the student i have for this is not delivering anything . he is still like- he knows how to train marian , but somehow it does n't really work for for him . so if if we can get the models from phil , that 's more- is much safer , yeah . uh , and the ( ? ? ) i think we have discussed this ( ph ) yeah , we already cover that point , i guess um , you mentioned you will gon na try to get some data from taos . ( on ) yes , ehm . ( ph ) it any further with that ? ( on ) so thi- this will be . well , i have not emailed , ehm , you know him as well ( ? ? ) , but i 've talked to him before , and i do n't have the data , the input data now , because we are still collecting them from- actually we 're , shortly we should be deploying the platform , the tiny webpage to collect the documents , then the sao will populate this with the documents , then i will convert the documents the plain text . then i will send these plane text to taus , then taus will extract uh , all they have . and then will get the data from the taus . so this is something that well has a long pipeline , but we 'll get there , uh , someday . so uh , what is the latest date , when we needs the input for the fine tuning ? so , we need the mt domain dependent data for mt fine tuning by . so . ( ph ) fine tuning i guess we do n't need too much time , probably- ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) one week before event would be okay . ( on ) wednesday , june 19 , yeah . still it 's quite early . okay , so i 'll work back from this date , and and hopefully will have it um-hum . yeah , felix is empty that 's on a german to english , mainly because the the english asr will be a uhm , so so then , our main input will be the english asr or one of those from the rich speakers , the secondary , like the fall back input could be from german to english , and then i would indeed ehm rely on the pervoice platform to do to do the pipoting . so if we r- if we select the german asr as the most reliable source , even with the double delay . and the extra pivoting , then we would need the german to english empty system , and then the english to multilingual empty system . so i would now like to learn from felix , that this empty system works and emits outputs in such way that the the subsequent english to something , and the system can directly connect and pervoice platform will will do it , is that true ? ( ba ) so it depends emits output , i do n't think that the the the theory that should work , i i can report back to you . but i can say that english- german to english is probably our best translations systems ( ? ? ) transform model so would get better . ( on ) yeah , from english for ehm . yeah , so and also chiara . so this is something where chiara and you should coordinate . and tested whether the platform indeed support pivoting , cause you , at the karlsruhe you also have english to something empty systems . so please try a pipeline where you use your- where you use german asr , german to english empty system and then english to anything just for the sake of testing this this pipeline . ( ki ) okay , just i 'm taking note . we see german asr , german to english machine translation , ( on ) yeah . ( ki ) okay , and ? ( on ) and english to anything machine translation and the presentation platform at the end . ( kiara ) english to anything . . translation ... ( on ) yes , this pipeline , ehm , and german , yes , the german asr kit german english empty , kit english whatever , whatever empty and then presentation . ( ki ) okay , ehm , sorry what do you mean for pivoting ? ( on ) well , the pivoting is that you connect these two empty systems . that 's the , that 's the idea of pivoting , that you are translating to whatever via english . ( ki ) okay , okay . thank you . ( on ) so please , test this , and let us know again next week , if this works , because then we will be replacing this part was the marian worker that phil will be developing , but we need to know that the rest works . okay . thank you . uh , so dominik . test the fine tuning from start document on ( ? ? ) real . uh , yes . so there is a new idea . big ( ? ? ) next only corpus . ( fe ) i will already report everything works . ( on ) this works ? okay ? excellent . ( do ) ( ? ? ) asr outputs ( on ) felix , what were you saying ? what works ? this the germany asr this one . felix are- felix , are you looking at the google document ? felix confirms this works except the new pervoice except the nonexisting pervoice presentation platform . right ? ( fe ) yeah , so i just tested by starting one about english workers and pivoting over english worker . ( on ) yeah , and it was in the at the level of partial sentences ? so there was no cashing , cashing worker involved ? ( fe ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , okay , right . yep . so than dominik can you very briefly say about this , because we were discussing this ehm , what is your idea . ( do ) yes . ( on ) wide failed , and then so on . ( do ) ehm , so i tried to fine tunder original model on on on sub sentence window of size three to fifty words and we did to cuts on alignments . so we have- so we have paralel subsentence corpus , and we have for now only to that corpus two milions of words , about one thousand documents- and soon we have audias of these documents . so we can run asr on this and train on the- on the output from asr with errors against the references . ( on ) ehm . ( do ) but for it we need to the final hypoteses from asr . and now i had public- now , now i have new idea that we can take paralel big paralel text only corpus then we are text to speech on it , and then asr , and we try and on the output from asr with- with errors against the original targets . ( on ) hm , yes . so aa- felix would you expect this to work reasonably well , and what text to speech should we use ? i would , ehm- i would be somewhat skeptical about asr from t- from text to speech . ( fe ) yeah , so would i on this very most important thing would be text to speech on models one speaker . and know , know background conditions , very , very ( ? ? ) i am not asr researcher . but i do n't think that it would be ( ? ? ) data at all . ( ba ) but it will do the same errors on name entities and rire works as usual speaker at least . so i think um , the empty system can prepared for the such errors . ( do ) yeah . looked to one of the the top as slt systems in last year 's ( ? ? ) , and they were using this technique as- it was only one aspect of their systems . so i 'm not sure exactly how- ( do ) important- ( ba ) how effective it was but they were using this . ( on ) so . let 's us keep this idea in mind . but i do n't think that it's- it 's good to for suite for this workshop at the end of june . ( do ) yeah . ( on ) so uh . so let 's plan it- so let 's postpone this after wg vet . what i like though is the first one , to train on real asr from ( ? ? ) docks . so this is this is something that you are probably already doing so uhm for this . uh . we need to run kit asr on the attached docks , record the locks , ah including timestamps , and then , and then like fiddle with the alignments and segmentation , uhm , yeah making our paralel data for training of empty similar to the uh segmentation or like miss segmentation ehm that we get from the asr segmentation worker . so this is this is like a realistic test , where we have the audio , and we can observe real segmentation as we get it from the segmentation worker . and then we can use this segmentation with uh the paralel data to change the paralel data , so that are segmentation mimics what the what the segmentation workers is doing , and this would be the uh , the data for fine tuning the empty systems . ( ba ) yes . ( on ) so . okay , so we will let you know uh the next week , how this whether we 've succeeded , whether we were able to uh , to proceed to to process that docks with kit with the existing workers or whether we failed , and so on . yeah , okay , thank you . and yes , ah , waiting for the integration . so will know from phil how that works . the python binding , i agree . it 's not a priority at the moment because we are planning to rely on the on the marian , then anything , uh , yeah , yeah , so anyone coming to prague in person ? this is just to do the planning . are you , is anyone planning to come for the workshop ? ( ) i do . ( on ) well , you are in prague . ( ) oh , yes . ( on ) so let us know , or especially tea know , if you were planning to come in person to to see it live . i think it would be useful . but it is not critical . it would be . it would be useful , but we could do it , ehm , even say , would be extremely useful for you to see the whole thing in in practice , because the last person we had here were dario . uh , who knows how things work , and then i keep forgetting ( ? ? ) . stephane . yeah , and and stephane , but stephane is known project . so it would be better if if someone from the project was was here . just let us know later on . we have discuss the presentation platform , and then is it- is there anyway this like a feature request for pervoice ? is there a way to avoid broken workers while starting a client ? if we know that some work- yeah ? ( ki ) may i ask you to explain me a little bit more this- ( on ) yeah . so we know from experience that karlsruhe is running age asr workers for english , and four of them do n't emit any output . and if we run the same client , the same pipeline concurently six times , we will end up with four lines four pipelines four sessions ineffective , and the fith and sixth one working well . so like in in search for components that work , it would be better if we could simply say please start this pipeline again and avoid this worker , because it 's under the control of karlsruhe the worker claims it 's working , but it 's not delivering the output . so we would like to as the users at the end of the client , would like to say , we want to build this pipeline , but avoid this particle worker , because last time it did n't work for us . ( ki ) so you are asking a- a kind of a ban of not working workers . ( on ) yes . ( ki ) no , at the moment it 's not possible . of course , is being on the idea that who subscribes the mediator as service is able to provide the service , but i can take a note and check it with the team . it is possible something like this . uhhm , i have to say that it 's not easy , because of course , pervoice platform is based on uhm having distributed services allowed you would join . and leave the service , it 's not that easy to imaging such kind of behaviour , but we can reason about it , of course . ( on ) another option would be to somehow like have tests of workers , and the workers should themselves or the the the party , who is providing the workers should should be able to test individual workers . and if they do n't work as the party themselves expect , they would kill the worker . so like i imagine that at karlsruhe , there could be a script every two minutes or whatever , uh , looking at all the ideal workers and asking for a particle worker , uh , to test it . and if the test fails , then karlsruhe would know which worker is it . and they would kill it on their side , and then it would not be available anymore in the platform . so that 's another options . so another ond\u0159ej says another option would be to force the platform to use particular worker for a pipeline or for session , use quick test session as they side of ag kit for each of their workers and if they do not pass their test kit could kill them . ( ki ) yes , ehm , of course , we have to define what suitable output is for each kind of service it 's not that easy to manage it also in this way . but of course is something we can reason about . ( on ) yeah . yeah , okay , yeah . thank you . well , is there any further questions , please ask , otherwise let us give us give ourselves at least ten minutes break before the next call . ( ki ) okay , just . ( on ) right ? ( ki ) i has just a question regarding your note in presentation platform the ondrej experiments , fix experiments , probably we discussed about it on monday . ( on ) yes , exactly this is- this is this is to be- this is to be discussed on monday . so we don't- but you can ask now . ( ki ) yes , in the meanwhile , if you want to share with us your experiment , we can check it . ( on ) hm , okay . ( ki ) maybe this afternoon in order be more prepared on monday . ( on ) okay , yes . ( ki ) thank you . ( on ) thank you . so i i- i add note for myself . thank you . any other questions ? ( fe ) i would like to press some of the asr clients or the ( ? ? ) are not working . then you have to tell us . and then we can . we can do something about that . ( on ) yeah , we will apply ( ? ? ) tyson is responsive , i know though we we just email him , and then get him on on slack . and then he restarts it and it works . we just find it like off- we do n't want to bother you . if if we can work it- work around for that ourselves for our quick test at random times of the day . so i'm- i was not complaining in anyway exactly as i said , tyson has always quickly helped us . but still there is this risk that tyson would be giving lecture , or or whatever would not be available . uh . and in that case , it may be very useful to have this to have this option . ( fe ) does this happen often ? ( on ) every time we try like after a week of not trying . ( fe ) because we have . we have sessions starting , stoping with regular election tranclation so it 's four to six times a day , and the worker is still all work after three weeks . so i 'm i 'm wondering why you are having this problem all , and then we ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah , so we should try to investigate , the when whenever this happens again . will tell not only tyson but also you , so that you could diagnose , right ? ( fe ) interesting is also is the the usual problem that the the person ( ? ? ) the worker is not free dubt ( ? ? ) as mark is busy in which case you could n't even start new session , because- ( on ) that 's not the case , that 's different ( fe ) and we 're having even a different problem . i personally not able see . ( on ) yeah , we 're simply not receiving any output from the worker . it connects but it does n't emit any output at all . will let you know . ( fe ) doodle let us know maybe we can have a - i think there 's a ( ? ? ) mechanism , wifi something . ( ? ? ) worker is hearing ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , okay , yeah , yeah , thank you . so dominik please please remember that next time we we would like to make ( ? ? ) of such failure to debug that . okay . thanks a lot . and let 's let 's talk in five minutes again , maybe not all of you , but the general elitr call . okay , so thank you very much for your time . i was hoping to have this faster , but- well , there is too many things to discuss . sorry . thank you . ( ki ) bye . ( on ) bye , bye . bye", "tgt": "asr sentence: closing , sequence labeling . karlsruhe: investigate and improve segmentation worker timestamps . fallback: models ready for big input . investigate what will be supported at wg vat . test pivoting . run kit asr on attached docks , including timestamps . ( idea ) banning particular workers when pipeline is ineffective . first prototype ( 7 _ 6 _ 2019 ) . daily testing: install and test scripts . mt domain dependent data tuning ( 19 _ 5 _ 2019 ) ."}
{"src": "( a ) good morning . i can 't hear you . hello . ( b ) hello . ( c ) hi dominik . ( o ) hello . ( c ) hi ondrej . ( o ) yeah , yeah , it works . excellent . so let 's wait until chiara and felix get back from the break . ( c ) barry may or may not join us depending on ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) connect , actually connect . ( b ) i 'm going to write them ( o ) so are we expecting someone else except felix from karlsruhe ? i think it 's probably only felix . and i just emailed milos whether he can join as well . so . ( b ) chiara ( ? ? ) tyson is on vacations . ( o ) ok . ( ? ? ) a second . ( a ) hi , good morning everybody . ( ? ) good morning . ( o ) yeah , ok . so maybe i 'll move to ( ? ? ) recordings here . yeah , so there is the chat window is being filled with failures of the asr clients . yes , so we can close the , close the chat windows . thanks for joining . i 've , as i said , i 've emailed milos , if milos would be joining as well . i do n't see any response from him yet . so we can anyway start with the , with the document . with the quick overview . these-this call is being recorded and there is no way to switch it off . so if you were not happy with that we would have to choose a different platform . but i hope that you are fine with that . and also , i do n't think there is any way to switch off your webcams in the alfa view , unless you simply like put a ducktape over ovet them . that 's , yeah . i do n't know that 's politics of of alfa training . so thanks felix for for joining as well . and let 's quickly walk through the document . so the updates on components . i would like to hear from everyone what they are working on and and what 's the status . and for the presentation platform by chiara and colleagues . i was curious . if you actually had a little video presentation , html client that i could test these streaming off slides with . ( a ) not yet , sorry . but actually , i see the presentation platform slowly taking its form . and i hope briefly we can have ehm raw example of its its structure and working . ( o ) next week , we can see something . i do n't know exactly when . but actually i i 've seen something which stopped working . ( o ) yeah , ok . that 's very good . and is there also some text only a client or text only version that was simply emit the subtitles to standard output . because this could be useful for connecting to other unexpected ways of presenting . and i 'm asking because as a fallback , we could use like terminal window . in some cases . and also , there is a chance of having the real video mixers that you know about . so last friday , we tested at at sao permissis . and there will be probably real video mixer available for the three days or two days of the workshop . so if anybody is willing to or curious to to play with this , please come to prague . that 's another invitation . ( a ) dario also propose me another option for the main stage presentation problem in order to present subtitles without the presentation platform in order to ( ? ? ) but i have to investigate it little bit , maybe we can find different solution . ( o ) yeah , so so you 're not yet working or-yeah . i think that having a text client would be useful also for debugging . so if anything comes out that is also as a side effect that is also text client , it would be very useful . so you have already provided numerous ( ? ? ) sample ways of examples how to run various clients . so having this also for the presentation is what we would like . yeah , yeah . ( a ) ok , we can reason about it . ( o ) so that 's in general this is good news that you 're proceeding well . so then the marian worker , phil , ehm . ( c ) ok , ehm so i mentioned last time ehm the way this would work is that would be the marian server , pervoice worker and in between a python server which handles- um , so last week i have written that and it seem to be working . so it now written a ( ? ? ) in c , which can communicate with our server and send sends it ( ? ? ) translations . i have tested that- and i 've also add the example ( ? ? ) , pervoice worker client , ehm server , sorry . ehm , to use that code , but i have n't tested it yet . probably does n't work . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) so i need to figure out what best way to test ( ? ? ) .i do n't know if i need to maybe write dummy asr worker ( ? ? ) test sentences or something like that . ( o ) yeah , that 's it , that 's text only way of running the pipeline . and this is what dominik has asked for . and i do n't know if-dominik , could you could you explain what exactly we would like to have for this type of testing ? ( b ) there is text to text client . and it do n't use sample client but production client . and there is text client which should be able to send text to text worker . so you can run only from from english text to for example german text . ( c ) ok , that would that would be perfect . testing . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and also here we work on this this week and it works with our czech czech machine translation , but there is still some bug on kick side , ( ? ? ) only the first sentence . ( ? ? ) felix , chiara . ( d ) the kt translation platform is very heavily ( ? ? ) specific use case that we 're using it in . it is meant to be run with the continuous input stream . so ehm , it does not handle the batch eh the batch example very well . it 's also possible then some cases it 's not confirming to the interface , so like sending the done message to early , which is why you are only getting the first message . it is translating all the other messages . if they were fixed . ehm some checks ( ? ? ) that relate to partial sentences , for example , if one sentence in your chat testing data does not end in the period or a full stop . then it will assume that is the first half of a partial sentence , and it will , it will output the sentence with dot dot dot at the end . and it will pend the next sentence because it thinks that them those two together make a full sentence . so that that 's a lot of different checks in there . that relate to the partial sentences . i meant to work together with the segmentation and the asr worker and our presentation platform . to input-to make the input appear continuously . ehm , so , it's-personall , i 'm not sure exactly how will go , but fixings is because will require fixing the asr , the segmentation and the mt from us , at the same time . it were all done by different people . ehm , only one of them is still here . ( o ) and it 's you . ( d ) so , this will be an interesting challenge . ( o ) and you 're the , you 're the person the only one who is left . or tyson ? ( d ) tyson , tyson is the only one who 's left . ( b ) okay , so if every sentence on the input and with period , then ( ? ? ) other sentences ? ( d ) though , worker round that you can do that works somewhat is ehm waiting between sending sentences . yes make sure every sentence and full stop . and wait ( ? ? ) sentences . so you do n't send all the sentences at once but but wait . that is a worker round for now , it 's not great , but . ( b ) ok . ( d ) as if the sentences were were spoken- ( a ) actually , this week we work together with dominik and felix , in order to find better workarounds . we also fix something i can-i fixed something in the mediator , in order to better manage second messages and also ( ? ? ) . probably we need to perform more test next week . but i hope that we will find out a solution even if ehm , at the moment , the kit worker are not meant to manage , the batch use case . of course , at some point we have to manage it in the worker . ( o ) yeah . so just to doublecheck the overview , the big picture . the batch is needed by dominik . only for the preparation of the data . so only for transcribing ( ? ? ) , having ( ? ? ) asr output in order to train machine translation on this . correct ? ( b ) yes , this is , i need the segmentation for- to obtain the train data . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) for , for training mt ( ? ? ) we would need it for for analysis of evaluation . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) mt systems . ( o ) yes , but actually- ( a ) but also feel with it . in order to test the solution . ( o ) no , so , actually there are main priority now , is to have the online mode working . so also phil needs to test machine translation by looking at the output of the online asr . so i i would suggest to focus on fixing the batch processing mode . instead , i think it may be even better , if like dominik send ( ? ? ) audio files to tyson and tyson did the asr offline . but that would be like the way to to get the transcriptions . because we still would not get that true online segmentation since it is going to be changed at kit . do n't see any big benefit from fixing the batch processing at kit through the mediator . cause this is not going to be in any critical pipeline . any time soon . ( a ) okey , okey . ( b ) okey . ( o ) so , so maybe if felix , does that sound reasonable , so that dominik would send the audio files to tyson or to you , and you would do the asr offline , and you would check the segmentation . to make just visually sure that the segmentation is somewhat close to what we can expect . when we are running online . what we already know that the online operational mode will be slightly different from from what we get offline . and it will also be different from what is being delivered now . these changes . ( d ) yes , i think that 's that 's reasonable . i think you should send it to tyson , because he 's the one working with asr . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) as for the segmentation . i 'm not sure how close it will be . but i can say that our moduls are also not actually trained on the ( ? ? ) segmentation . we do n't have that either . and it works fine . so i would think that that the segmentation is all prepared for offline asr is reasonably close to what online asr produces . ( o ) yeah . ok . so what is needed in order that , so that phil can check that . i think the best way would be constantly running asr worker , and phil sending the audio file and making sure that the finger prints like connect the together . or is there-should we use the text only client ? for the testing ? ( d ) i i do n't understand . for the offline asr we we wo n't have a worker . it will just be our asr . ( o ) yes . ( d ) whatever infronts mode that they have . ( o ) so forget the offline mode of operation . we do not want any offline mode of operation . we want phil to be able to test the mission translation . i do not know if phil is still there , because-yeah , yeah , yeah . you are not moving . the visual is still . so the-what is your current , you 've discuss this 5 minutes ago . and dominik feat to this client , can you just repeat to me the exact set up for the testing of the marian worker connection . ( c ) ehm . ok . ( o ) so what will you run on your command line , that 's it . so what the , what will be the , the exact command , what will the command do ? to in order to test the all integration ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ehm , yeah , i daily , i would have a ehm plain text file sentences resembling what 's going to come from the asr , and i would just feed adding to a client passes it through little mediator . which then ehm ( ? ? ) request of my marian worker , to do the translation . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) yes . ( o ) and then through the mediator gets the translation back . yeah . so such a client operate at the level of lines , so every line is a request , right ? yeah . so is this level , is this the one that dominik mentioned ? dominik . ( c ) yes , it sound , sound , sounds like the same thing . ( o ) yeah . and so so it works . and it has , you mentioned some problem of things being stuck somewhere . no , that 's there's-it works . right , is that- ( c ) sorry , that 's ( ? ? ) i think dominik mentioned ehm , mentioned the getting stuck ehm . yeah , so as i know the marian part is working . ( o ) then , felix , what we need is to have lines of text that resemble the output of the asr . and this is something that we would like to get from the audio recordings that you process , in offline mode , totally outside of of the mediator . asr output that will be getting as messages when it goes through the mediator . ( d ) it 's definitely possible um . i 'll closely resemble the mediator with probably just a matter of configurations . so i i think we have offline asr systems that are ( ? ? ) and what 's running in the mediator . but i think we also have very similar offline systems . ( o ) and as for segmentation ? ( d ) you will have to ask tyson about the details for that . and , i think the these asr systems do their own segmentation , they do n't use the same type of segmentation . because i believe what happens is for the dutch people ( ? ? ) so you already have segment ( ? ? ) . the offline asr does that in a different process . ( o ) yeah . so there is a big risk that if we train on the segments from the asr will get something very different from the on , from in the online mode . i see that as big risk , because it would be a different segmentation pipeline . there is even maybe no segmentation happening in word . there is no , no cashing worker and things like that . ( d ) as far as i know our mt models for the mediator are n't trained on asr , on actual asr output at all . the asr output does relatively close to resembles like ted talks and your ( ? ? ) sort of spoken word empty datasets . we have a fine tuning ( ? ? ) from lectures , but that also ( ? ? ) the transcription was manually um improved just manually created in the first - ( o ) revised . yeah , ok . so so it seems that the machine translation quality is not affected by mismatching segmentation between the training mode and the operation mode . ( c ) yeah , that 's it because sorry , ondrej . i mean , what felix is saying is they have have managed to get , or that actually tried with online asr . ( o ) well , negatively affected . i mean , what what what i understood is that karlsruhe have already connected together online asr and machine translation system trained independently on the current state of the art . so yes , there could be benefits , from , yeah the integration ( ? ? ) . ( c ) oh we do n't know . ( o ) but it 's sufficient , we do n't know it . ( c ) and is it , is it possibly ( ? ? ) sample of online asr . you know , if we had a sample of online and offline , ten sentences , or i do n't know , some small sample , just to compare . i mean , yeah . i mean , i appreciate what you 're saying that it may look different . but there- ( o ) so the easiest- ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) - everyday , i can send you some samples from the actual translator . ( o ) yeah , but we should check . ( b ) yeah , well , i just say it 's quite difficult to get lots of lots of online asr , is that the problem , we ca n't really get the partial sentences of it . is that what you are saying , that it is hard to get- it is hard to get 200000 sentences on online asr in order to find tuning . is that a problem . ( d ) well , - ( c ) with transcript moved- ( o ) parallel data , that 's it . ( c ) because you have to feed all the audio through , sorry ? ( d ) we have , we have some our fine tuning we have 15000 minds of lecture that were that were manually translated . ( c ) yeah . ( d ) but that 's it . so getting parallel data is the real problem . we can get online asr , we have 19 different lectures that are using online asr . but- ( c ) ( ? ? ) ok . ( o ) so i think our main concern is not the quality of the translation , but the mismatch of the segmentations . ( c ) that 's not affect quality . ( o ) yeah . well , we hope . ( c ) ok , i guess ( ? ? ) . ( d ) so i can say this- ( c ) it 's terrible demo , try to make it better . ( d ) updating and redoing the segmentation , ( ? ? ) is actually probably the next thing on our list of priorities , segmentation worker is the oldest component of that pipeline . um , so what we are going to try to get ( ? ? ) improve this quality of segmentation , to make it more ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok . so to to somehow mute with this . i would like to ask dominik to send the the ted files , which do have their translations . and so so they do have the transcript , they also have the translations . to send this to karlsruhe , to tyson . tyson is , or you know . so tyson would hopefully process this . dominik would get the offline data . we would see how different is that . and felix , please check that the line oriented output is as similar to the segmentation that we are going to receive from the segmentation ( ? ? ) and phil can in the meantime test the marian worker . so everything seems good , like for the baseline mode of operation , right ? you agree or do you see any problems ? ( c ) that sounds reasonable to me , yeah . um , dominik is like it . can i access to you client code ? ( b ) yes . ( o ) i 'm trying to set up this , yeah . the microphone level i do n't know , voice activation level . here it is . i need to raise it a bit so , that the noise around- ( d ) a quick sidewalk , because- ( o ) yes . ( d ) the chat is filling up with these messages but no asr worker being available . i did just received a message from tyson , apparently even though he is technically on vacation . he was checking slack . ehm , that he sees nothing wrong with the asr workers , they are running , and they are , they 're available ( ? ? ) maybe i , maybe i mispoken about which workers , i will check again . because , i would like to know whether this is the problem with the client , i would check it . ( o ) yeah . so we do n't have anyone from alfaview here . so this is the thing that is actually still on our list for the downloading the document . and that 's the debug . that that needs to be debugged and kills all the workers very quickly . so i think that we are just seeing again , the same bug . but we do not know what exactly the bug is that tyson will be fixing sooner or later . okay , so thanks for the details on the marian worker , hopefully as we just said . and the production client um so dominik , can you say what this is . oh , this is , oh yeah , ok , this is just the batch mode , so actually we do this differently . ( b ) yes . we just start question about it . ( o ) yeah . so please just write it down that we , we have solved this differently by going to simply offline mode and will focus on the batch operation later on . and marian workers or text client . yes , so i think that 's still this line that i 've just highlighted in the google document , where dominik says , '' i also need either the marian worker or text client for ctm to txt , or better both , to get the final hypothesis . and evaluate my ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , ( ? ? ) to txt is the second to that machine worker . ( o ) yeah , so is it , is it not available ? or what what is the problem . the current segmentation workers are there , are n't they ? ( b ) maybe they are there , but it did n't work with my os- batchmode . the text to text client . ( d ) oh yeah , the segmentation workers expect data of type unsegmented text and i 'm not sure that a client exists , that send that sort of data . i 'm not even sure what it looks like , i have n't look in it . ( b ) this week i i created such client or there was one and i and i start using it . and it did n't work . so i ask you to to check it , but since we just agreed that we are going to use your final we do n't need it . ( a ) of course next week we can perform again test all together in order to check both segmentation worker and other things together . ( d ) the segmentation worker shares a lot of the code with mt worker and therefore will probably have the same problem as the text client for the mt worker . at some point , they will both be redone , but i ca n't promise that will be next week . i will try to get it as soon as possible . but i do n't have a precise time . ( b ) but you really use this offline . ( o ) but still , i got , i 'm sorry , i 'm little bit lost . the ctm is the word level output of asr . ( b ) yes . ( o ) but what we are expecting all are mt clients in- and the workers , including the marian one , expect already the text , so the segmented output , right ? ( b ) yes . ( o ) in operation , even for the online mode , at the workshop in june , right ? ( b ) yes , they working on line mode , but not in ( ? ? ) batch mode . they do n't work , they do n't work with ctm , but only only in sequence with first asr and then segmentation . but but the asr workers are not reliable ( ? ? ) to to debug it or ( ? ? ) ( o ) to debug . ok . ( b ) - is on asr on ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . so i understand that in order to test the machine translation , you always have to ship audio and you always have to rely on some asr worker being available and that 's problematic . because of the bug to ship the ctm output which you will have , you can record from some previous session . but there is no such client . and there is no immediate plan to to have such client , that would be able to digest ctm , send it and then use the segmentation worker in isolation , right ? is that correct ? ( b ) the client is there but the workers are not prepared for him . ( o ) what workers ? ( b ) the segmentation workers in kit . ( o ) they do n't work with the ctm client . ( b ) yes . right now . ( o ) ok . so this is some incompatibility because it like ted evolved different stages . ok . well . it should , there is no urge to fix this client , for the ctm , but at , but the condition log the testing of the machine translation . ( b ) yes , also . ( o ) so if so phil , if if you will be struggling with testing on by , testing your mt worker by shipping audio , then please , let us know earlier than next friday . and let karlsruhe know , that- ( c ) ok . ( o ) yeah , and hopefully karlsruhe will find solution . either fix the ctm or maybe asr workers more reliable . so which moves us to the next line . and that 's kit asr workers the bug . ( d ) yes . i 'd like to have sort of a more directed bugging session for that . so a couple notable things that the problem seems to be that , um that after session is completed the client has send all of it stuff , recieved all of its output , stop sending anything . but the worker still believes it 's part of a session . um , and therefore does not accept and is registered as such in the mediator . so the notable thing , ( ? ? ) . and it happens ( ? ? ) mediator , which is the the old one in adam and the pervoice mediator , which is new in a java . so we need the only common link that they share is the client . that the , ehm , the audio client . i do n't think i 've observed this with ( ? ? ) text ( ? ? ) very much . so if i had to guess at where to look for the bug . it would be in that . ( o ) aha , so chiara , you 're not here for the for second . ( a ) yes , but actually i see that the asr worker has start producing some text in the chat window . ( o ) yeah . so that probably , yeah . so tyson has probably restart it again . and felix was describing the bug , while you were not here . and , yeah . and by his summary if i try to re-that the asr workers are ( ? ? ) and they are registered as non-ideal even when they have finish their jobs , and send there done messages to the mediator . and this happens with both the old mediator in ( ? ? ) in java , they happen for ( ? ? ) as well for the for the asr worker , right . and the only common thing that filix , that felix sees is actually the worker , sorry , the as- the sound client , the audio client . ( ? ? ) and the different set ups . and the bug is still triggered . so , this is , felix said that he would like like more hands on debugging session so that you would do this join it . ( a ) yes , sure . tyson we will be back next week and we can arrange some kind of , some test together , of course . ( o ) yeah , so . ( d ) by the way , i 'm looking at the asr output in chat . phil you were wondering whether the asr insert any any tags other than words . even though ( ? ? ) it does n't , i guess it does . there are lots of lots of tags in there . they are removed by the segmentation workers , so in the in the mt input , these tags are not present . ( o ) so what we are seeing here is the direct ctm output ? ( d ) ehm , i 'm really not sure what exactly we 're we 're seeing , because like i said , the segmentation worker should remove these . ( a ) of course . there is also the alfaview platform mediator which performs maybe some kind of most processing . ( o ) but chiara , you could know by looking at the mediator , you could know what fingerprint is alfaview receiving . and that fingerprint would tell you , whether they are receiving the segmented output or the ctm already . can you check ? ( a ) yes . i 'd say ( ? ? ) ( o ) because i think that from the users point of view , even if we are seeing pretty bad voice recognition here , because whatever sound conditions . um , it would be nice to have this directly translated at this level of individual worse , almost . the delay , yeah . ( d ) i 'm really not sure what it what it is recieving , because normally the the present our presentation platform does n't handle unsegmented text . it only handles the text as it comes out of the segmentor- ( o ) after- ( d ) - will using our segmentor , than there should n't be any any text . if i ask tyson about this . i 'm lot confused about ( ? ? ) ( o ) so you have mentioned a number of things that you do like number of tricks that you do within your segmentation worker , like detecting the end of sentence , adding 3 dots and things like that . and this , all these tricks , can you , are there part of slt kit ? of the published scripts or not ? ( d ) no . so the slt kit is the sort of everything except the actual neural networks part that is doing the work . so slt kit is connected to the mediator , doing some preprocessing for mt , for example , like ppe , and that sort of thing . and then invoking some kind of mt sequences worker it is . which is why i want to ( ? ? ) also now frame work . the segmentation worker is is sequence as i understand . is a sequence labeling- labels each word with either opf insert coma or insert the full stop . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and- ( o ) capitalize , drop , or , yeah . and that 's it , there is no-so this is all the logic , all the trees that you mentioned . ( ? ? ) ( d ) i don't- i 'm not sure . ( o ) okay . ( d ) the system is ( ? ? ) we actually have to ( ? ? ) ( o ) because this this , yeah . ( d ) ( ? ? ) reverse engineering , we actually have to look back into it . make sure that we figured out everything again . ( o ) yeah , because we , it 's fairly reasonably described in the slt kit . and i think that we could follow that , but when you were mentioning like adding three dots , for unfinished sentences , i did n't see anything like that in in the slt kit . then just the slt kit plus the train labourer model . so you think there is not not anything more , not any other component in the pipeline . is just the labeling , the labourer , the trained ( ? ? ) model and the the published scripts in the slt kit , right ? ( a ) sorry . ( d ) yes . ( a ) i 'm not able to check it right now , since log has been over written by something else . sorry . i have to check it better , i have to restart the mediator in order to check it . i i take these opportunity in order to tell you to implementing your workers , mediator is not reachable . so that when i restart it , then the worker connects it again . actually , there are a lot of workers which already has this logic . ( ? ? ) , but just a reminder . perfect , thank you . ( d ) as far as i know our asr worker connect , reconnect very quickly , the mt workers do as well , but it take some time . ( o ) ok . so this is important for phil as well , and it 's also important for us . we will be doing the asr integrations , which is now like overseen by dominik . we 're not sure still if dominik will do it or someone else , but . but dominik , please take a note , that we need the reconnection . when the , when the mediator dies . their worker should survive and reconnect again . ( b ) ok . ( o ) yeah , ok . so we were talking about the segmentation worker . and the tricks , and felix said that there is not anything extra beyond what 's in slt kit plus the trained ( ? ? ) model . so let 's , let 's hope it 's like that is . if there are some other things , than the output of the asr which will get from you offline , will be different from the output that will get from from this improved pipeline that you maybe using . well , let 's all the problems are . so are we in in state , where we can do marian test next week , phil ? . ( c ) um , i think so . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) yeah . yeah , i need to debug text client . or dominik , i do n't know . ( b ) can you-i just realized you do n't have access to our github . so is your github account pj williams ? so i'll- ( c ) yes . ( b ) - to slack , so if you ( ? ? ) need to discuss something online , than it 's good ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , ok . so , we have discussed the bug . so there will be session , session with ( ? ? ) and chiara next week . kit segmentation and mt , how is the fix , with the batch ( ? ? ) sentence , so this is , this was , has been made irrelevant . ignore batch mode until wg vat , ok . yeah , so this is for alfaview . let 's not discuss this here . remember that when mediator dies , worker needs to survive . ok . anything else we need to discuss , i check that we are covering , covering the languages somehow . and , that 's probably it . so . ( d ) is this spoken languages or target languages . ( o ) it 's target languages . everybody will be speaking their non-native english . so for the final set up . we 'll have four cabins with interpreters , students of interpretation , and will have one floor signal , which will be the original signal , will have 1 or 2 re-speakers , into czech and from that will have interpretation into german . so the german will have double delay . and we need to to decide online , which of these streams in concatenation with the asr and the mt is the best set up . for you , like the . how will we do this , the online decision . how will be killing the various pipelines and switching the the pipeline so that the presentation platform will jump on the different sources . ( a ) the presentation platform will receive all those streams . and we can , we will have on the presentation platform an administration page where we can choose the main the selected stream for each languages . from we can , which can cover the main one outage . so that the main stream dies for some reason , we still have , we will still have the subtitles even if are not the the preferable ones . ( o ) yes , so it now it seems that it will be all , yeah sorry , your office is just horrible , i could not work there for , it 's really too loud . so if we have four different pos- mt that translate to this many target languages that that you see here in the document . the romanian , polish , and then the dutch , and spanish . and we decide to switch the source of english , because the re- , how do we do this ? ( a ) sorry , can you repeat it , the example ? ( o ) yeah , yes . so there is all the participants , and there is a dutch participants and spanish participants . and everybody is , someone is some czech person is speaking in english , and his english is horrible . so there is this 2 re-speakers in their ( ? ? ) , so is pronounciation , simply works better with the asr . so the asr output coming from re-speaker one is better than from re-speaker two . and what we need to do now is to make sure that that subtitles in romanian are based on the machine translation all the target languages at once . or we could do it one by one , but that would be like six times the the choice . ( a ) well , this is not perform in the presentation platform , because the presentation platform is just um a presentation layer . ( o ) ok . ( a ) this should be done , this should be decided in the selection of pipes in the mediator and should be done by the client at the moment . ( ? ? ) who will want to see asr outputs and find the component . actually , it 's a new component of the work project and we have to reason about it really carefully . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , ok . so how do we do a fallback solution without this many middle set up . the fallback solution that i see is that each of these source streams is assumed always pro all the sequence , that you mentioned , and we would be manually killing those that we do not like . ( a ) yes , exactly . the the the actual solution is to have a kind of combinatory explosion of all the possible match matching path . i i know it 's not that ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah . but the presentation platform would stay would stay alway on . and it would constantly keep checking for the various sources , right ? and it would pick up the highest scoring the highest rank one that is available . ( a ) yes , for example , the presentation platform will recieve for example , the german but i told based on english source or and based on for example ( ? ? ) or english- ( o ) english too . ( a ) and at the presentation as subtitle . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so we should have an operator monitoring the output of the re-speakers cabins . and if the output from one of the re-speaking cabin or the output from the floor is bad , this operator should kill the client that is unavailable , the machine translation will not be connected to that and further and the presentation platform will automatically jump to the other provided translation , right ? ( a ) yes , actually discussed in the last meeting . to provide that kind of preview of the subtitle in the configuration page . and i do n't know if it will be available for june . but actually i sorted the ehm functional requirements . this monitoring activity will be possible also at presentation level . ( o ) yeah , ok , that 's very good . but the killing has to happen at the level of the client . and the hardest part that i see is going back when there is speaker two again , becomes a good source . so that means that i need the asr worker again , and it needs to connect to the mt worker again . and we know that this start up is something which is risky because the workers remain blocked for some time . yeah . ( a ) but actually , killing the client is useful only to ehm in computational power on servers which was the workers . otherwise we can keep all the clients up and running . and streaming audio . the presentation platform will recieve of course more streams . ( o ) but i know , but the reason to kill the client is that i 'm not happy with the asr output that i 'm getting from that . or i 'm not happy with the machine translation that that i 'm getting from that . so i kill the client because i i do n't have for now any way of worker around . if the presentation platform already , or if there was a man in the middle , i would use the man in the maddle , middle set up , to to disable this stream of input . but as i do not have the man in the middle , i need to kill the source . and that 's why i 'm would kill the client . so , i 'm . ( d ) i think what chiara is proposing is that all audio inputs are translated into all target languages at all times . and that they matter of which one is shown to the to the audience is just thing in the presentation platform . ( o ) yes . ( d ) that you do n't , that you would n't stop any input . ( o ) no . ( d ) that is fight with the re-speaker one , then you stop showing the the translation that resulted from re-speaker one . but re-speaker one would continue to be translated . ( o ) yeah , so this is my prefer set up , as well . but i understood that there is no way to switch , which of the sources is the one to be presented while the whole system is running . so i would also prefer the presentation platform to have access to all the spanish , and then choosing which of the spanish is the best one . but i 'm not sure that the presentation allows to to choose them on the fly . exactly . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( a ) but actually , for june it will not be available the preview of the subtitle . but the selection of the stream should be available . so it could be selected also by . ( o ) ok , so there will be someone monitoring the presentation platform , and we would know , by looking at these the lock files on the side that we are that we could like somehow hack together the monitoring in a separate window . and in the separate window will see that the manually select in the presentation platform stream number 44 is the one to show , because stream number 35 was big has become like of bad polity , right ? ( a ) actually , kind of , we can only see the the selected one and not all the others . this is the preview functionality that will be for june . ( o ) no , no , but how do i select different one ? i will not see its output until i select it , but i can al- , i can select it , right ? i can make a blind , within the presentation platform control , i can make a blind choice . i can keep choosing whichever versions of german or spanish are there . and the one that i currently select will be presented to everyone . so there is a high risk of me choosing something bad . like select based on this side information . ( a ) yes . ( o ) ok so then the indeed , we , will not have men in the middle , but will have a man watching logs from the the asr workers and logs from the mt systems . and the same man doing the choice in the presentation platform , which is blind that choice , because i missread the ids . then i will see immediately that the stream that i 've selected is wrong one and i 'll choose a different one . right ? ( a ) ok , is the man who 's performing the monitoring is able to access to the asr log and to the machine translation log , yes . otherwise he can access the only the- ( o ) the id . ( a ) the final- ( o ) yeah . ( a ) and present it . exactly . ( o ) and present it , yeah . yeah , can there be more people monitoring the same presentation platform at the same time , so that one would be checking the spanish outputs , and one would be checking the dutch outputs , and one re-checking the german ones , and they would like simultaneously make their decisions . ( a ) yes . ehm , is the same logic as an ( ? ? ) user may see the english final subtitle or french one , that 's it . ( o ) so it 's just a multitude of those . because you are controlling all the different target languages . the final users- ( a ) yes . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) actually the the browser of the cl- the final user will be the client of the subtitle solution . so the client will connect to a particular stream of publishing subtitles and this is to both for the the one who 's configuring the system . ( o ) okay , so it will be the exact same window . and the normal user is selecting which language he wants to see and this super user , the monitor of the presentation platform is choosing for all the followers of of spanish , which spanish source should they get , right ? ( a ) yes , actually i hope that this is not a something that we have to choose so many times during the the conference . usually the configuration should be done at the beginning . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) and not multiple times during the event ( o ) yeah , yeah . well since we have the multitude of sources it is possible that will do it more often than than what is normal . but , yeah , ok . so this is this is sufficient solutiont , solution . so we 'll have more people looking at this , looking at the different 2 platform . one of the persons will be responsible for making the the polish output using the best asr , another would be responsible for making spanish output using the best asr , and they all would look at the asr and they would like indicate to each other , which of the asr is is the best at the moment . and which of the mt outputs is bad . then dynamic choice even without ehm , even without killing all the clients . and that 's important . ( a ) sorry ondrej , just a technical question , our integration has ask me to report you , they are pretty care by the fact that 4000 people connects on the same wifi network . ( o ) that 's , that 's for , that 's not for the june . ( a ) ok , how how many- ( o ) for next year . ( a ) current user are expected to be at june . ( o ) it depends how do we deliver the subtitles . is is the part of the mediat-this is your decisions , so you need to make these decisions . you need to decide how to deliver it to the people . and and you with sao together . so , sao can order whatever devices they they want for the people . i 'd saying upfront , we also do n't believe that 400 can can receive the signal our wifi reasonably well . ( a ) actually this could be really important point of failure for our solution , we have to be careful about it . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so i 'm glad that you know about it . but your technicians need to propose what what should be done then . like what what way of presentation do we want to offer to the participants . ( a ) we are , we are not network engine , we are software developer . ( o ) yeah , yeah , but still , you are the integrator so somehow we need to to come up with the solution . so well , we could ask , i 'm just making this up . but we could ask sao to organize the people by the language and to put like screens in front of group that that wants to read polish subtitles . which is awkward , but it 's a technical solution . so that 's one thing . we have a year to to find better one . we could also add wires , so to like half the number of of clients there . will be will be a lot again . this is , let 's leave this for for the next elitr call . but let 's put it as , let 's put it there is an important point . ( a ) ok . ( o ) well , i don-we could do other things , we could , there is i know of a company , because tea mentioned that . like a friend of hers has various tools to support subtitling and also transcribing of speech , manual transcribing . so they develop their own keyboard for fast transcription and things like that . and they also have ( ? ? ) . so is like a little little bar of letters and you can send the this the text to that . so in that way , we would have a multiple of those and that would that would work . yeah , so let 's leave this for the for the elitr call . ( a ) yes , please . i hope that also dario which is a more expert technician will comes up with a brilliant solution , about this part . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ok , yeah . i think that 's everything for today . so thanks a lot . right . and let 's talk again next friday and in the meantime , hopefully you 'll report to me that some of the bugs were resolve . and that all everything works , and that we should ship our marian models to to phil and then- or we should test the phil workers with our marian model . yep . bye bye . ( a ) thank you . ( b ) phil , i 'm sending you an e-mail right now . ( c ) perfect , thank you . ( b ) bye . ( o ) ok , yeah , thank you , bye . ( a ) bye bye . ( o ) do i close this . ( b ) yeah , bye .", "tgt": "possibility of having real video mixer . text client needs to debug . text to text client problem . testing mt , fixing batch model . online asr . choosing correct subtitles . connection ."}
{"src": "( on ) hello , i do n't hear anybody yet . hello . does it work ? ( chi ) hi . yeah . ( do ) hi . ( 12 ) how are you . ( on ) yes . so , are we missing anyone ? we have all partners present show i- if people so- thanks for coming . this call should be quick , hopefully . there is nothing that i would know about that we need to discuss uh , like in in in a very big detail , ehm . so let 's get started . and if other people join then , well , ehm they can tell us further for the details . so ehm what is my first question is to chiara . ehm after we have have had the call on monday , what is the proposed development schedule . and when there could be some preliminary some prototype implementation that we could test . so if we have chiara on the call . i saw her . but her camera is disabled and i do n't know if she can speak . so we see miller joining as well . so chiara are you on the call ? or maybe she still- yeah never mind . so ehm let 's wait for chiara . and we also , do we have phil ? here are not yet . ( ph ) yeah , i 'm here , i 'm here with ( ? ? ) ( on ) yep . okay . great . so phil ehm what is the status of the marian worker ? because last week , you 've said that he you will ehm dust off your ( ? ? ) and how promising or problematic does it look now ? ( ph ) okay , so . ( according ) make some ( ? ? ) steps so far . so the plan is will be per voice welcome , will be mary sorrow , and in-between will be ( python sorrow ) that 's excepts sentences for translation from the per voice worker . and so per voice worker workable will probably just be forwarding requests . so this python based ( ? ? ) which would i do preproccessing and he can handly many , yeah , not so well the logic , where need to be dealing with partial sentences , but - ( on ) yeah . ( ph ) with partial sentences and then will forward the requester onto the ( marian ) server yourself . so a very basic python based , so to do the preprocessing and received request so yet - for translations forward ( ? ? ) and post him back . but i haven\u00b4t started on the actual per voice worker yourself . ( on ) but that should be feli- ehm easy to do that . because i think they probably even have something like that in the ( slt ) kit repository . did you call some translation system simply by pipe as well ? so , i think the the there should be almost ready per voice worker available . ( ph ) okay , yes and also the ( ? ? ) empty worker ehm . ( on ) ehm . ( ph ) probably i need to be some little bit adaptation for what i 'm doing anyway . ( on ) yeah . so that looks good . so i think that next week for example , you should know whether this proof of concept worked , or what do you have running to any issues . ( ph ) yeah , and we can start thinking about the tricky . ( on ) yeah , so for partial sentences , i think that they should be treated from the marian prospective as simple simply a different sentences , other sentences that we expected to process . so . so the per voice worker should send every segment to to marian for translation . and and that 's it . ( ph ) okay . ( on ) so ond\u0159ej does not see any difference . uh , assuming that the marian model would be trained to work reasonably well . ( chi ) hi , guys . sorry . i had some problem with the internet connection . ( on ) yeah . no problem . nice . glad that you 're here . partial sentences . okay . one thing that i would still like to know phil , is the handling of timestamps . ehm , handling of timestamps . so this is something that needs to be carefully checked , because timestamps will be later on important for the presentation platform . and we need to- we need to know where to start overwriting . and ond\u0159ej 's guess uh is that the ( ev ) worker should work well with timestamps and totaly hide them from the ( python ) and marian . so i think that to- like the timestamps should not go to the ( python ) server at all , ( ph ) okay . ( on ) but that 's my guess . and the the limitation with this approach is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment . but we do n't have any finer information . so the only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence or ( ? ? ) . is that ( ? ? ) problem . so this is something for chiara to know about . and think how if if these two timestamps and string comparison are sufficient for the presentation . per voice- ( chi ) sorry , ondrej , i did n't get the point . ( on ) yeah . so they uhm we have discussed this on in the monday call . how do we present partial translations and partial output . and how do we make sure that the updates are reasonably well displayed . so for updates you do n't want to repeat everything . and i think that we had something like the textfiled . yeah . ( chi ) sorry , at the presentation platforms must arrived only what we want to publish . so , the - . ( on ) yes . ( chi ) let 's say uhm peter out of the incremental updates must be done . ( on ) uhm , new one . i thought that our agreement on monday was different . and that the basic unit that you send to the presentation platform is called a textfield content . so , but then the textfield content can be sent several times as an update . and then at some point somehow there will be made a decision that let 's move on to the next textfield . and at that point the presentation platform would like scroll it up , and it would again start displaying whatever comes as as full textfield . it will be a replacing the content of the of the textfield with with the new messages . so this would be the partial sentences gradually expending gradually longer and longer sentences . and then again at some point uhm the- this would be like most scrolled up . and and another set of updates would be coming ( chi ) no no no , the presentation platforms is just presentation ( ? ? ) here . so hm it wil update the text ( ? ? ) incoming messages . but the incoming messages must be exactly what we want to be displayed on the uhm on the uhm subtitle . will not be implemented any logic to manage the partial hypoteses and partial translation output . ( on ) but the the scrolling the history of previous texts fields would that be supported ? ( chi ) hm , yes . ( on ) yes . so when do you decide whether the textfield should be replaced or scrolled up ? ( chi ) based on messages . a new message is a new subtitle to be displayed and it can subtitute the biggest one or update the let 's say the button of the textfield in order to let ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , so in other words yes part of the message that the presentation of platform is receiving is an indicator , whether this is an update . so replace the current field , or this is a new text field move the history up and populate the field with with this new content , right ? ( chi ) hm , i believe they- we treaty exactly at the same way . each message is intendent ( we ) new subtitle . ( on ) aaa , that 's bad . that ' - ( chi ) that 's just whether of presentation if we want to completly replace and use the history , or that we history scroll up . ( on ) yeah , i still hm we we- i think we need to discuss this again a fresh call . so , so ond\u0159ej ehm needs to discuss with chiara the updates versus history of text uhm text fields . yeah . so well once we discussed this . i think that we 'll arrive at the solution where the timestamp of the beginning would be the critical information . and as long as the timestamp is the same , the field should be replaced with with the new content . and if the timestamp is higher than the current the last text field should be like move to the history and and closed . and we would be displaying the the contents from this timestamp on . i think the the starting timestamp would be the critical uhm point . ( chi ) i suggest to discuss again about it . ( on ) yeah . okay . yeah . okay . so , for phil i do n't think there is anything changes . but we will let you know if if we see something like that . so chiara when you were fighting with your network connection , i had one question on you . and that was the development schedule for the presentation platform after we have discuss it on monday . so , would there be any prototype available uhm- at a work point would would there be any prototype avalaible ? ( chi ) there 's no prototype available at the moment , i 'm sorry . ( on ) yes , that 's expected . i would not expect any prototype today . ( chi ) okay . but when when would do you have one ? ( chi ) last time i discuss about it the first prototype presentable should be at the 15th of june . i know it 's realy uhm close to our deadline , but this is the only information i have that ( ? ? ) . of course we can on work on our let 's say raw prototype ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , yes , so ( chi ) probably the development team ( ? ? ) have something close to be fine advertial to use as prototype , but we can have some working maybe for ( ? ? ) . i do n't have any other information . ( on ) yeah . yeah . so yes , i would really like to see let 's finish prototype sooner . so that to me like find whatever problems are are there as soon as possible . ( chi ) yes , i understand . ( on ) yeah , okay . great , so another question that i have and that 's maybe for carlsruhe if- so who who we have from carlsruhe , only tyson . so maybe tyson would not would not like have have the power to decide this . do we plan to run any alphaview workers in prague , so especially the asr the asrs of english and other things as a fall back solution . and also this could be relevant to the alphaview calls with live subtitling . we have not- we have decided not to use the alphaview platform today , because we are still checking some of the recording qualities . and we have people here with linux machines only . but essentially alphaview is very far in the implementation . so they are able to connect to the per voice platform and then the whole chat window is flooded with the messages not enough workers available . so i thought that it would be interesting , uh maybe good idea to start as many workers as possible at uh in carlsruhe . and if there is some hardware limits , we can also run some from here . so that 's that 's why i 'm asking this clones of alpha workers to run in prague . tyson , would you ehm would you have any idea , if if this is easy to do of interest and useful . and and so on ? ( ty ) i only ( ? ? ) more worker and now is sexteen or fifteen worker asr , who are close connected ( ? ? ) . it 's one thing . and second thing are not sure about that wayteh- it will we have the platform . i will have the ( ? ? ) and whether we can start i think it maybe ok . and ( it be ) can view some no ( ? ? ) voice and ( ? ? ) somewhere i think it is okay we also ( ? ? ) other things . so our thing is okay . ( on ) yeah , okay . so so is good that there that many workers now , so i i actually suggest that we try after this c- . this part of the call to switch to the alphaview platform , at least with some of us those who are interested , and we could see how that works with the workers available . so i would like to make use of that you spend some time to run them . so i would be curious myself to see how that works if the workers are available . okay , so the summary is that ( kit ) will prepare an image , and ( tsuni ) will try to get that running . yeah . ok , but- but since you are able to provide sixteen workers , and it is not too big burden for you , right ? sixteen workers it 's okay . you can do it like whenever we like and and then for them . yeah ? ( ty ) now i think we need to sets worker with- also i have the things i 'm ( ? ? ) and ehm the things running on the same ( ? ? ) so , yeah , some ( ? ? ) we stand when we need more worker i think we have to stop limit number workers . ( on ) yeah . so what is what is- so sixteen is already not comfortable for you ? ( ty ) i have been check it carefully i- yeah because we have the limit number ( ? ? ) and maybe that it the same time ( ? ? ) working at the same time maybe ( ? ? ) like we have the . i mean it is one list ( ? ? ) internet ( ? ? ) with , ( ? ? ) and the also from memory or ( ? ? ) limit number to memory also ( ? ? ) . ( on ) okay , so yes . so in in the long-term , it would be useful to have this image spread out for the various reasons that you mentioned , for the uh workshop itself we should be good . okay . yeah . so it 's the priority of this image is not- uh not high . and so the- there is no real rush with this image . i would say . so i think that we we should be fine relying on , but that 's please talk to sebastian , what he thinks , because in some early stage we discuss that for just for a backup purposes . it would be better to have this . uuh , to have two sides providing the workers . um . so ask sebastian agrees that backup sides of asr workers is very- well sensible thing to do . yeah . okay . yeah , thank you very much . and after the call i 'll reboot to windows . and i 'll see if i can connect that room . if if i see the workers . so whoever is curious on the presentation , please use the ( alphaview ) link , well tea if you could find this ( alphaview ) link and aaa- and posted here . yeah . to be tested with ( alphaview ) after this call , and here 'll be the oral . yep . ( ? ? ) platform is ready . so milo\u0161 are you here ? we have , i seen you but i can not hear yet . so once milo\u0161 , can can speak ? hopefully we will learn where when we will be getting the files for domain adaptation and so on . yes , milo\u0161 , was that you ? that was someone . yeah , asr worker the bug . so this is this is probably something that dominic added . ( do ) yes . ( on ) yeah . so what-ehm- have we seen another situation ? i know that in the call yesterday , with alphaview the workers worked at the beginning . but at the end of the call it seemed that there are totally know available worker . so it seemed like that during the uh , the session yesterday . the workers have one by one died out . ( do ) yeah . i did n't attend the yesterday meeting , but the bug that i mentioning is that sometimes the work , one worker can handle several sessions , but then it 's , but then it stocks and it does n't return any output . ( on ) so , and when you see say several session you mean consecutive ones like one after another . ( do ) yes . it seems that it 's it 's available . but in fact he does n't output anything . so . ( ty ) yeah . i will ( ? ? ) us , but yesterday so yeah i do n't know what is happening there , because we ( ? ? ) when i do know what ( ? ? ) prophones it was able to handling several sessions . and that ( ? ? ) i think it in one sentence it ehm it yeah output ( ? ? ) and i ca n't ( ? ? ) fancy ( ? ? ) call but it ( ? ? ) it was in call , so i have no idea , i think i -- this is a ( ? ? ) i think i had to ( ? ? ) information and then ( ? ? ) maybe i can hopefully i can see the one simply wrong come from- ( on ) yeah . so i think it's- it 's very important tyson that you create a script that will like replicate it this bug . so that you will maybe set up , maybe maybe there could be a set up support per voice mediator , and you would connect only one worker to this mediator and and ( do ) our only ( support ) input fingerprint . or in- ( on ) yes , yes , yes . so use as input fingerprint and keep like loading importer or keep requesting asr from one copy . one instance of your worker . in a script . do it with offline it we have the same problem with offline asr . so not only online asr . so do it with offline asr . as and as soon as as the worker stops responding . and i do n't know . so , so this script is should be like a stress test , and you can put it to the cruise control repository . and then mo- most importantly you need to run it and figure out where the problem is and then the bucket , but- yeah . ( chi ) okay . of course . if there is anything we can do in order to help you the publing the problem , we stand us careful ( ? ? ) the mediator ( ? ? ) to test just your worker for some- or anything else we are avalaible . ( on ) and a single worker and ehm stress test it yeah . okay . great . thank you . the production client- yeah , so this is from dominik . ( do ) yes . that this point the production client is different from the simple one only by a by- i change only the default parameters and comment send documentations , and i removed to windows version . so so is it okay for everyone ? that we do n't need to support windows version of the client . ( chi ) for us is fine . also linux based the- ( do ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , okay , yes , and then the text text client . that 's also the same ( ev ) client or not ? ( do ) yes , it 's it 's it 's also . no if you click on this on this test that it 's different different script . but it 's also from the from the sample . it 's the same as in the sample and it did n't for for me this week . i wrote email to chiara and tyson and felix . i did n't get any replies . so . if can you look at it . ( on ) yes . so , ehm . ( chi ) may i ask you to for one it 's to be ? ( do ) okay , yes . ( chi ) sorry . ( do ) i write you again . ( on ) dominic will resend the email . yeah . so . chiara and felix , yeah . ( do ) but i 'm not sure if felix is the rigt persons for it . ( on ) yeah . ( do ) can you confirm tyson ? who is responsible for mt clients on your side . ( ty ) hmmm , you mean the person ? i think- ( on ) yes . ( ty ) felix is working for the mt- ( do ) yeah , okay . so i will , i will try . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( do ) thank you . ( on ) thank you . so the last point , uh , is uh , the schedule . well this is all the weeks . so we have up to four calls . and then we already have the the workshop , so is anybody , does anybody know that they are not able to make it to the the uh , since uh , the same time , an hour earlier than today on fridays ? if you have any problems with these calls . and if there is more people who though problem , please put it in the in the document here , and we will find a slightly different hour . but i think that in general we just need to synchronize . so we do n't always need everybody . yeah and seeing the workshop dates . uh . is anybody planning to come to prague ? last time , you did n't respond . so if you are starting to uh , to plan it , please let us know . ( chi ) i will not be there , sorry , i i hope be more useful here in trento checking blogs and everything . ( on ) okay . okay , ( chi ) but i can be with you with my heart . ( on ) chiara to support us remotly . yeah . okay , so , i think it 's still too early to solid final lists are in the mt models . this is what was kind of plan for today . uh , i do n't have any other comments or questions now , so i 'm going to reboot and i 'll try to lodge the alphaview . you can try launching it in the meantime yourself , if it works for you , if you are all windows already . and uh if you do n't connect to alphaview . then thanks lot . and and will be in touch and speak to you next week . next friday . ( chi ) okay , bye . ( on ) bye . ( do ) bye .", "tgt": "ond\u0159ej and phil discuss about marian worker and preprocessing . probably is needed adaptation . marian model would be trained to work reasonably well . ond\u0159ej and phil discuss about handling of timestamps . limitation is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment . only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence . ond\u0159ej and chiara continue and discuss about textfield . they needs to discuss the updates versus history of textfields . phil will be informed if needed . ond\u0159ej and chiara discuss about prototype . the first presentable prototype should be at the 15th of june . ond\u0159ej prefer prototype sooner . ond\u0159ej discuss with tyson the plan to run any alphaview workers in prague . ond\u0159ej thought it would be interesting to start as many workers as possible in carlsruhe and if there is hardware limits it is possible to run some from prague . ond\u0159ej ask tyson for discuss this with sebastian . after the call , ond\u0159ej will test the alphaview . ond\u0159ej , dominik , chiara , tyson discuss the asr worker bug . dominik inform that sometimes one worker can handle several sessions , but then it stocks and it does n't return any output . ond\u0159ej say that it 's very important that tyson create a script that will like replicate it this bug . there could be a set up support per voice mediator , use fingerprint as input and keep like loading importer or keep requesting asr from one copy . production client from dominik is different from the simple one by change the default parameters and he removed to windows version . ond\u0159ej inform others that in case they have problem with calls they could put it in the document and will be found a slightly different hour . it is needed to synchronize . next meeting will be next friday ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello , can you hear me , is it doing anything ? ( u ) yes , ondrej , now we can hear you . ( o ) ok , yeah , so the microphone here was muted . sorry . so now , the voice level of the amplification should be reasonable . okay . great . so that is one monitoring problem fixed . and , can you see me ? ( u ) yes , we can see you , so here 's phil , barry and me . ( o ) yeah , so we are here , and this is dominik and milo\u0161 . and we have the screen in the back and the screen is still empty . it 's only some mountains above that should be ideally , the presentation from milo\u0161 's notebook . uh , through , um , the like ( ? ? ) which is there to dominik 's notebook and dominik 's notebook is also recording all the- all the audio through this . so we have two inputs , uh , and one of them microphone has that batteries but-so but we do n't have any true german speaker the moment . so the the worst problem is that tyson will not be available for this call . i do n't know how this is possible . uh , he has another meeting , and i also have n't heard from-have n't heard from chiara this morning , and what we do n't have is the presentation platform . so the way we are presenting the subtitles for now is only directly when the worker . the- sorry , when when the client at dominik 's notebook-what 's the status at your notebook ? that 's all right , i 'm the only one who is talking on pexip now . so , so what we have there , ehm , can you share the screen ? screensharing , share my screen , so you should be seeing-this is- this is what you should be seeing now , it 's dominik 's screen that runs the client for connecting together , one asr worker , and then the translation into czech . that 's the lower , the larger window in the background . and the machine translation worker is which one ? is it the , dominik . so phil , you have all the languages running , right ? ( p ) i did , some of them have just going down ( ? ? ) , czech is running . ( o ) yeah , should we try different language , so that you can also see the quality ? ( p ) ehm , i think ( ? ? ) maybe down , ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , please test- test german worker and dominik can at the same time start third window , right ? uh , with um , another client getting the same sound imput and sending it now through the- through the german empty . so what we have now , on dominik 's screen , which you can also see , it 's shared there . it 's two of the commands . one of the command is running only the asr worker and the other command the lower window is running both , the asr worker and the machine translation into czech . and i would like a third one , which would be also doing the machine translation into german . and this is the set up where all the workers are totally like independent . and the same asr processing is done two times now , and it will be done three times with the german one . ( d ) we have only one english segmenter . so we can run only-we have two segmenters . so we can run only two ( ? ? ) at once . ( o ) yeah , that's- that 's a problem , and we do n't have tyson to add more . so we 'll have to give up on one of these outputs right . yep , so what should we tests now ? ( d ) - german translation ( u ) yeah , german asr . ( o ) yeah , german asr , that 's another thing that we could try . ( p ) ( ? ? ? ) ( u ) do we have- do we have a empty system german to english ? ( o ) i 'm not sure , that phil would- could have one . and karlsruhe could have one , german to english . ( p ) ( ? ? ? ) ( u ) sorry , we do n't have machine ( ? ? ) system , but we could try test the asr if you want . ( o ) yeah , so i think that's- we should try that as well . so for the for the workshop actually , it 's it 's seems that we are short of german interpreters . so the german signal will be available only like for 20 minutes , and then 20 minute break and 20 minutes again , because it will be only one person attending the the last 20 minutes , and they they have to take break . so that is at least one benefit of our technology that it should , if it runs it runs . but anyway , we should be ready for for that , because the german from the asr will be much better and german speakers will be much happier to see uh , the the human interpretation , but we should be testing everything . so i think we should do it with the other mike , right ? so i will try to get the batteries , ehm , and you 're right that- the good thing about german asr is that we do n't rely on the german , on the english segmentation worker so that that could run as well . so i 'll , i 'll get the mike with um , the weather is for the second mike . so , well without the headphones , you wo n't , ehm , no one will hear you in the room . ( u ) so ( ? ? ) now saying that our english ( ? ? ) also running empty would like to test that . ( d ) ok , so i 'm going to run it . ok , so i 'll share my screen again . so i launched the german empty , english to german . now i 'm speaking german , now i 'm speaking english and i should see german translation . can you see it ? ( u ) yes , that , it says you 're now talking about ehm you 're talking about bacteria- ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) can you say something ? let 's try this . ( ch ) i 'm sorry for my lateness . ( d ) ok . yeah , ok . so we have german empty , yes , we have english into german empty , ond\u0159ej is back . ( u ) yeah , sorry , we 've just noticed this it the kit translation service , not the any problem . ( ? ? ) i think we might want to try edinburgh as well . ( d ) ok . wait , so i add another option , here , uedin , you , ( ? ? ) , the uedin . so this is your empty , right ? so , what time i 'm talking about right now , tell me , computer . tell me , tell me , what time i 'm talking about . ( u ) not too bad . ( d ) yeah , this is not too bad . we can try something , something - ( u ) yes , it has to be some , some prodution from your polits , yes , mr . president . ( d ) yeah , ond\u0159ej is starting another mike , right now . this is all right , it 's set up . you should see blinking here , ond\u0159ej . ( d ) so i 'm i'm- yes , ( o ) one , two , three , four , ... one , two , three , four , so that 's what i 'm saying directly to the head set microphone . you can see me and dominik is also holding the second mike , so that you hear what i 'm saying , and you are seeing the translations with the delay one , two three , so yes , ( ch ) cool . ( o ) but i 'm following the german words that i spot . occasionally they are related , but i can not acess the the sentence quality . that 's too hard for me to to process . ( u ) it looks- looks ok , ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( u ) the segmentation is ( ? ? ) getting the end of one sentence in the beginning of the next , and we not read it preparefull that , and i think that 's something that we need to talk to kit ( ? ? ) they can fix that and make sure that they 're not getting these overlapped to two sentences but that 's a tranlastions starts . all that input starts with the new sentence . ( p ) that 's a lot of repetitions . ( u ) that 's a lot of repetitions , that you hear that . do we get the same segment same phrase six times and translate it five six times . ( p ) yes , ( ? ? ) recieving into the fix , into ( ? ? ) resending . ( u ) can you chiara , guys hear us ? ( d ) yes . ( u ) so there is a lot of repetitions and- ( d ) yes , yes . ( u ) - are coming in . ( d ) we are solving another issue , with- with presentation right now . we can not follow your discussion . but it would be nice if you wrote the conclusion from this discussion , from this observation to the doc . ( u ) ok , we will . ( o ) whoever whoever what 's a problem , please put it into the google doc at the end of today 's blog , there 's the critical observations from the test . so any observation you make , please , add it there . so that we know what what to fix . and we also noticed that i do n't know how to share it , how to do it . so can you open the pexip , i 'll take the second headset . yeah . so look at look at my screen , look at the web cam that i 'm presenting now . so you 're now looking at milo\u0161 's notebook and the think is this hd- hd button view full motion presentation . and you have to click this view full motion presentation so that the frame rave of pexip is- is higher and that you will see what exactly is rolling on the ehm on the clients of the asr . so do you see the- click it milo\u0161 . the hd , it will become blue , no , post thing , view normal presentation . so do you see that ? that icon , it 's second from the uh , right on the list of icons of pexip . ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so i 'll try to share it in another way as well as well , but i 'm not sure if i 'll i 'll make it . so i will share my screen and ( ? ? ) screen . allow . so i 'm now sharing my-but then , yeah . so i 'm sharing my whole screen but the full motion icon has has hidden away has hidden away . so i do n't know how to , maybe it 's not possible to do with the with the screen sharing . so it's-that 's right , yeah , ok . so i 'll stop my screen sharing again . no , no , we hit the screenshot . so , the , the list of icons that i was- so the the issue that we are trying to to help you solve now is that when you are following the the screen presented by dominik , dominik are you still presenting the screen ? yep . so when you are when you are following that screen , you will see only update of whole page , like every one or two seconds and that 's different , that 's very different from what we are seeing . we are seeing it live , many like lines added one by one . i can show you on my from my webcam . so if you look at the webcam . the webcam is maybe a faster . do you see , do you see what is actually happening on dominik 's laptop ? it 's much faster . when i 'm talking . it 's adding repeated sentences . and it 's like continuously updating the the translations into both german and czech . but in pexip screensharing , you see an update only every two seconds . and to the hd button is the thing that will let you see it in live like faster , without this delay . was that clear ? ( u ) that was clear ( ? ? ) suited for connection so , the hd one ( o ) - appear- ( u ) that 's how it 's work . we had to click it before now it 's broken apparently . ( o ) so someone is now highlighting the thing , it 's who is sharing that 's screen . ( u ) ( ? ? ) we found it there ( o ) yeah , so maybe taky a screenshot of this for- for our next call . so that later , we know what what is where . and we , we have chiara on the call as well , right chiara , can you hear us ? ( ch ) yes , i 'm here , good morning . ( o ) yeah , yeah , morning so i 'll try it . it 's only me , maybe milo\u0161 can hear it . right ? milo\u0161-yeah , dominik can not hear what we are saying . so that 's big- i do n't hear milo\u0161 . yeah , so we 'll add one more lap-so milo\u0161 was using- muted ? but you are still-i can not hear , milo\u0161 . ( d ) i need to enable both . ( o ) yep . okay . so you can now hear milo\u0161 , as well . and we should avoid loud speakers . so it will be better . if- do we still have another headset ? for dominik ? yeah . so dominik will connect with one more laptop . so that dominik can can hear us as well . so in the meantime , eh chiara in the google document , there is-so maybe i will . i will start sharing my screen . that is probably the best idea . share entire screen . allow . so if you are following a- if you are seeing my screen this it the preparatory calls google document . and here , at the end of the session today . there is this critical observations from the test . and i would like to ask everyone , whoever has some observation please add it here . so that we-so that we know about the issue . so the first issue is that- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) yep . so the first issue that we spotted was that we need life monitoring of everything . if anything is bad we need to trace one step back and see if it was good and this step back or or not . uh , another . uh , thing is that multiplexing is probably necessary . so the idea is that right now on the cable , a connection dominik 's notebook is sending three english , three audios ? dominik , are you sending three audios ? only two . no , he 's sending two two audios . but we need to send one audio for each output language . actually . ( ch ) have n't you tested the- multipol input stream request ? ( d ) wait , ( ? ? ) mike , can you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( ch ) yes ( d ) yeah , what did you ask ? ( ch ) have you tested the multiple imput request functionality . i know you extended the the client . but probably you have ( ? ? ) the multiple input request functionality sent you an email , i do n't remember- ( d ) yes . ( ch ) - if this week or the last one . ( d ) okay . yes , i did n't try it this week . but the folder tradefair , we we used this functionality . we had one empty- one asr and and one recorder and this worked . so i believe that it 's still working . ( ch ) it could- it could work also asking , for example , for multiple eh translations that 's giving the input audio file , and they want , for example the germ-german audio file and that want in to receive the english translation and the french translation . the chain work . ( d ) ok . so i will try it . miss to be really nice to have it . ( o ) ok . the so that 's the multiplexing . then , this is this is observation by edinburgh . so maybe they could summarize what- what they have recorded , of what have they noticed to chiara . and me as well , because i have n't heard it . ( u ) one thing is efficiency thing , like we are getting the same request multiple times , sometimes four five times the same input . right now it 's fine , but it 's a bit waste the speciality , to have couple minute languages . ( o ) so there should be minimum cashing like , never send- ( u ) and if it does n't change just do n't resend it . ( ch ) okay , i have , probably some update , because i talked about this this behavior , yesterday , with felix and tyson . and actually in the year all used case the one who use the air lange mediator . and not the per voice one they manage these these behavioral directly in the displace server . and all their workers are are meant to work in a transparent behavior . they translate multiple times . the same asr output . and then they feature out segments in their own application . this , of course , is it 's not optimal and managing such logic in the presentation layer and it 's my opinion at least . it 's not correct and it bounce also the usages to the key worker . so i 'm trying to figure out something to manage it for the june eh fair-the june meeting . and they told me that probably the eh machine translation of cuni has some kind of improvement , and it was the one i was trying to check this morning . dominik do you confirm that you manage something in your workers ? ( d ) i started some workers . but but yesterday , i tried only the debugging workers . only the the dummy back end smt . ( ch ) and i 'm trying to investigate this behavior . and what comes out was that the off set is the- off set value is probably the one who will contain the key of this solution . because , as far as i understood . but i have still to check it . they updated the offset only when when i finally pote disease arrives . and- or something something like this . tyson shared with me a python script last night , who manage the eh asr output , filtering out only final hypothesis . and actually . it works on- ( ? ? ) beginning and not on offset and so ( ? ? ) also get confused , but we are reason about this topic and we 'll update you , of course , or if you discover something , please update me . and at the end we will probably find the solution . we are reasoning about it . i perfectly understand that it 's it 's not eh eh-it is not comfortable to translate multiple times the same asr out . ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so i 'm . i 'm not sure if i totally understood . if you were referring only to this problem of of the repetitive input to machine translation , if not if you were talking also about another issue . please make a separate bullet points here . ( ch ) no , no , it should be the same issue , but i also , i 'm a little bit confused the on this topic , than probably i have n't explain it very well . ( o ) so uh , i think it was edinburgh people who said that the empty worker can not distinguish between januar repetition . and weard asr behavior , i agree . so this is this is like a presentation issue . we do want to display the same thing twice , if it was set twice . but i think that even if there is a genuine repetition . your empty worker could save the uh , the graphics card , or whatever the cp use , time and could cash it . so i think the cashing is useful even if eh even if there is genuine repetition . ( u ) ok , so you still wants us to return something even if it can say we could repeat it . that 's what you are saying . ( o ) yeah , i think the the empty worker should be totally like ignoring any context . it should be like a- . it should not be trying to be clever . if it 's recieve something twice . ( u ) yes . ( o ) it should send it twice . ( u ) we can do that it 's just-it still seem eh , like the pushing the problem downstream . ( o ) i think it 's what we want , because like it 's very same string then the empty worker should not have been called . so this is this is the bug . but if it is a minor extension of the sentence then we do want the empty worker to see the whole sentence again , so- ( u ) so it is the same ( ? ? ) or is it the same ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so , the same string repeated , how could that happen ? we do not have anyone from karlsruhe on the call . but it is possible that they received they recieved some more audio . and the final hypothesis they create from this , is the identical string . that would be my guess . ( o ) so . in that case , they should simply avoid sending an update if it is not different from the previous update . ( u ) yes , yes . ( o ) yeah . so the the alti ee match best solution is that the asr worker double checks it 's output and never sends the same string ehm-if-well i should very different list still . they will take this outputs , so-even if a longer sound segment-if longer sound segment happens to lead to the same text hypothesis , this update should not be send to the subsequent empty worker , because it is not real update . so that 's the that 's the thing . so the cashing it actually an an output cash or-well , that was the right wording . so it's- avoid useless , yeah . so i 'll delete this . ( u ) very quick question , you 're not recieving any more translation , did you guys turn this of ? ( o ) did you turn this of or is it- are the workers still running . so i 'm i 'm wearing the two mikes , ( d ) no , the workers are not running , and i ca n't get audio into into my laptop right now . ( o ) and why has this failed ? ( d ) i do n't know i worry it 's only- ( ch ) sorry , guys i run a test with the english asr , maybe it 's me , i wrack now finish . sorry . ( o ) i was not following you , so . ( ch ) i i run a test with the english asr , maybe it was me . ( o ) so you think that you were stealing one of the workers , right ? ( ch ) yeah , i finished , it 's all available now . ( o ) yeah , okay , uh . so i 'm now talking to the microphone . and and dominik 's notebook not recording anything yet , but the beringer we have , the sound in the sound card , but we do not have the sound in the system , and it 's stopped by itself , or have you been changing any of the sound settings ? that 's look good . ok , i 'll be saying . one , two , three , four all the time . so sorry for the uh , the useless sound on the pexip . in the mean-we could we could have some discussion so that i would be stoking only once a while on something useful . so chiara , what is the status of of the presentation platform . is there anything we can test today , remember i should be the one talking more . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so what can we do ? what can we do to test it ? is there webpage ? ( ch ) okay , i'm-yes , there is . unfortunately , i prepared the ( ? ? ) which uses the german asr . the german segmenter . ( o ) yes . ( ch ) the english machine translation , and then publish an english subtitle . but unfortunately right now the the german asr it 's not working . so i can ex- asure you i really- ( o ) the german are- ( ch ) -less ( o ) the german asr was working while ago , and dominik has one of the workers for himself . so we are following two channels uh , i 'm talking to the english channel . and we also have the second mike , and that is intended for that 's intended for german speakers here like . so i can keep saying something also in german . so one of the german worker is used by us . where is the presentation platform web ? can you paste it to the google documents so that we can look at it ? so where- chiara ? have you heard ? ( ch ) yes , sorry , ok ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) i can surely ( ? ? ) and going to write it in the google doc ( o ) yeah , so maybe in the status of the components . ( ch ) ok , ( ? ? ) , right here ? ( o ) yeah yeah , exactly . ( ch ) oh my gosh , voice not working . dunno why does not let me write anything in google doc , except to where i do not want to write . ( ch ) sorry . ( ? ? ) please , okay , um , okay , ( ? ? ) platform url . okay . i ca n't share these right now , because it 's up and running . but maybe it is better if i share my screen with you so- ( o ) yes . ( ch ) you can see my demo . and i 'll share with presentation-how can i share the text ? ( o ) the screen ? there is an icon . can you see it now ? so you see me sharing screen . and there is this buttons . a my mouse is moving left to right over them . ( ch ) no . i do not have this button unfortunately . ( o ) you do not have any- you do n't have this this buutton fr presenting ? ( ch ) no , sorry . ( o ) ok . then you can not share it . so i will share the platform instead of you . so you can see that in my screen sharing , right . ( ch ) ok . thank you all for the support . a lot - ( ? ? ) of course , it 's a prototype we are working on functionality . ( o ) yeah , this is perfect . ( ch ) and not the looking field . ( o ) peffect , no no , if this works in two weeks from now it would be perfect . ( ch ) ok , on the left tyou have four buttons for configurity the languages . in this moment we have english , french , italian and german . you can click on them , enabling subtitles . ( o ) yeah . so you can choose more , ok ? yep . ( ch ) also ( ? ? ) more than two , or or mo- or less or non-subtitle . ( o ) perfect . ( ch ) the big black box is the one who displace the - ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ( ? ? ) like bugs bunny . ( ch ) there is the - this is a demo of course but when we have the m3u8 url , we can cofigure the presentation platform to connect to this streaming and display the provide thing . ( o ) yes , so can we test this now as well ? ( ch ) yes , ( o ) so this is something for milo\u0161 , so if you can extract milo\u0161 to use the vlc in some way . then possibly there like there could be firewall-ish user another things . but we should be able to ship the the screen , right ? yeah . this is another thing that should be test today . ( ch ) ok , okay . if we have-m3u8 url we can put it in the presentation platform . actually , the web page is a simple client and it it only display what it recieves . so there is- there is no business logic inside it . ( o ) yeah , can we the source code of this web page , like if we want to run this web page ourselves for debugging purposes . can we get access to that , or maybe if you do not want to share the whole thing , then just the video client , so that we can test the video client . ( ch ) well , i have n't worked on the source code so i 'm not able to share it with you . ( o ) so you do n't have it . ( ch ) no . is somewhere in the our report , but i can ask for- ( o ) yeah . so please use the repository of elitr to upload at least that part that runs the -at least the webpage that shows the video , and this is the thing that we need to link with the screen cast that we are going to to send and then we can test whether it 's easier for us to send it through linux machine or through the vlc in linux , we 'll decide . but this is an important thinkg . ( ch ) okay . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) it 's important this weekend that 's that . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) yes , i perfectly understand . and actually we 're still working on the integration for example , we have some problems with characters and coding , right now . but the english subtitle which of course the english language does n't have . strange characters is also- perfectly representing letting one . works well . ( o ) yeah . this will be important . so we definitely-for the czech we definitely need more we need also letting 2 or utf8 . ideally , we have-yeah . so we need isolatting one and two at the same time . so please move to utf8 . ( ch ) no , no . yes , of course . there 's something which is not working in the- probably in the examale sent . through the mediator , we are debating this problem exactly this morning . ( o ) yeah . ok , ( ch ) when i will find working asr worker , for example , if you free me the - ( o ) is there any way that we could ship the data to it ? so- ( ch ) yes . ( o ) dominike has the workers running and if you are following dominik 's screen as well , i do n't know if dominik 's screen is there . ( d ) no . ( o ) so-so if if dominik 's start sharing , and if you click the hd button which you may have or may not have . i do n't have the hd button , dominik has it . this is-how do i ? ( d ) am i sharing right now ? ( o ) you are not sharing , i do n't know how how can i -maybe i need to stop sharing . so i 'll stop presenting for now . i can see chiara now . and maybe dominik can now start to meeting participants in control ( ? ? ) so dominik is not sharing . well anyway- ( d ) but i 'm trying . ( o ) yeah , so what we would like to have is dominik notebook initiating the session . so sending the audio and your presentation platform showing the subtitles corresponding to that . so this is what what we would like to set up a. uh . can you- can you let us know how to do it ? ( ch ) yes . at the moment , there are , let me check it on the admin web . there are for example , for sure , the german , italian , ok , and the english one . i suggest the english the english output since it 's it 's much more reliable . but , we could use for example-i 'm going to write it in the slack channel . ( o ) yeah , ok , ( ch ) mark testing , ok . ok , this is my- there is a worker who manage the publication . ( o ) so if the idea is that to simply send to start the client so that the target well signature is this eh , an eu pub , right ? ( ch ) yes , exactly . actually , the the ( ? ? ) worker is completely transparent , the packets he receives send back exactly as he-has recieved them , but as a kind of processing it publish subtitle on the ( ? ? ) ( o ) ok , so we can also see the output in the eb client eventually . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so the locks will not change and , yeah . so dominik is now-the same work for german right ? deeu pub , does that work as well ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) so can we also present to-unable-i 'll show you the , on the- ( d ) i 'm sharing the screen so- ( o ) you can look at dominik 's screen in in pexpi . ( ch ) yes , the out- input fingerprint is wrong , it 's dd , ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , german , dd . ( d ) yes , yes , i can see this one . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) ok , so from now on if this connects , i should be able to see- so what is it doing . disconnect . yeah , i should be able to see in subtitles what i am saying . well , we see something in the locks but we do n't see it in the elite- in the presentation platform yet . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) i suggest to try the english one . ( o ) well , both- ehm , it 's i think dominik have you- ( d ) yes , i- ( o ) connected both . ( d ) i connected english and german . as you can see . here . ( o ) yeah , so on dominik 's screenshare , only for the english , ok . so dominik now stopped the the german target . and only produces the english output . no , stop the german- yes , so i can see my- what i 'm saying in on dominik 's lock , on dominik 's screen . but i do n't see it in the presentation platform . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) it 's strange , why it 's not working . may i try to perform my test ? ( o ) yes . ( d ) yes . ( ch ) - what 's the difference . where is the- ( o ) yes , yeah . ( d ) so i 'm going to kill it . so you have free resources right now . ( ch ) the worker is correctly engaged and he says that it 's publishing at winx but i'm- me too , i did n't see anything in the presentation platform . and i 'm running my test . and it 's not w orking . why ? i think it 's a matter of web browser i 'm using . ok . just the second , sorry . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) mmm , i can- i 'm able to see it in my chrome browser but not my edge one . ( o ) ok , so i 'm using firefox . ( ch ) yeah , maybe , ok , let 's try- i 'm also on two different computers i do n't understand if something also related to- it 's seems that in the in my windows laptop it is n't displayed anything even if i run it- even if i run it in chrome , but on my linux bestop it work 's well . ( o ) and is it google chrome or chromium ? ( ch ) chrome . ( o ) chrome , ok . ( ch ) ok , ok , of course for demo we have to manage it , of course . for demo reason i can try to share my- ( o ) the original work ? the screensharing ? ( ch ) linux , ok . ( ch ) i 'm start thinking that it 's a matter of ehm windows firewall . im using , you are using a linux laptop ? ( o ) yes , but but i do n't have google chrome , so milo\u0161 has . well , but there is no subtitles . so i can share with through the webcam . so this is milo\u0161 milo\u0161 's windows laptop with chrome looking at the elitr pervoice com . ( ch ) i 'm not also not able to see anything in my- ( o ) in windows . ( ch ) in my laptop , yep . oh my gosh . well , ok , at some point- ( o ) we have one linux machine with- does anyone have a linux machine with google chrome ? to test it now ? ( ch ) ok , do n't worry , at some point it will work , i 'm going to- ( o ) ok . ( ch ) talk about it with of course the team . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) but , ok , it , actually it work we have n't yet tested the multiple publication . but should be pretty transparent . and we have still some problem with of course browsers and windows . but also with characters in coding and we are debugging where the problems is originated , there are strange characters coming out from the asr or if it 's the java integration whose not correctly managing the ( ? ? ) . so there 's still a lot of work . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . but anyway , you have something , this is good . ( u ) sorry guys , we have to leave now . ( o ) yeah . ok , so what is your main conlusion recall before you leaving from this test . what should we focus on . ( u ) ( ? ? ) in the document is that i said i 'm not quite understand the logic in the asr , because it 's giving us sentences in ( ? ? ) fragments ( ? ? ) so if it could talk to ( ? ? ) maybe they can change the way that this is present i think it will be helpful for us . but on a positive side , in term of efficiency it seem to be be able to handle ehm that stream that 's coming in without empty worker . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i 'm also quite happy with this speed that the subtitles appeared on dominik 's screen . so that was good . i 'm curious if this will scale up to the six or more target languages and the multiple input . so this is something that we we should probably plan to test next week . to like test it with a whole all load with full number of inputs and full number of outputs . ( ch ) yes , from yesterday i start working on the complete pipe . then something from audio and ( ? ? ) also segmentation , translation and publication . and everything works fine . i 'm , i will be on vacation next week a couple of days so i suggest to perform some massive test on monday , so that i can provide you my support and we can check everything together . ( o ) so which monday are talking about ? the very next- ( ch ) next monday . ( o ) so on in 4 days from now , right ? ( ch ) yep . ( o ) so- , yes , so during the day i 'm available from like eleven to three . is that a good time frame ? ( ch ) yeah . yes for me it 's fine . ( d ) which day ? ( o ) monday . this very monday . and i heard phil that phil is not available on friday , right ? ( p ) yes , that 's right . i can- i can make sure the worker is running , but probably wo n't be available to- i 'm not be able to go in meeting . probably ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ok , so let 's plan to have the same type of test call on fri- on friday anyway . and chiara you are available on friday or not ? ( ch ) yes , i'm- i should be back . ( o ) yeah , so let 's plan friday same time again . so we are actually starting and nine with the preparations . and then at ten we expect everyone who is available to to join . and phil will not be here . but hopefully all the workers will be running . and we'll- so rico , will you be available next week ? ( r ) no , i 'll be away next week . ( o ) and barry ? is- so anyone from edinburgh could be monitoring- ( u ) next friday should be available and i should be available to join ( ? ? ) pexip , anyway . ( o ) yes . so it back- it 's will be pexip because we want to relieve the workers . from the alfaview load . for the session . so what we will mostly need it to check the work load . if we try to run all the target languages . so we should come up with the set up that runs the asr and connects all the machine translation into all the target languages . and the presentation platform should present all of these , ultimately . and we need to see if it- where it where there are any work load issues . so it could happen everywhere . it could happen at the very first laptop , that does the sound recording . it could happen in the mediator , which i do n't expect . it could happen at the edinburgh side with the machine translation systems . yeah , so it could happen anywhere . ok , so i think that the edinburgh people can can leave now , thank you very much for for your time today and thanks phil especially for for putting this worker together . i would just like to ask if you could get in touch directly with felix and make sure that they help you with the with segmentation input . i 'm a little bit worried that there will be no time for improving this because it will be like creating new models and improving the underlink set up . it 's not to me , it 's probably not an issue of some rule based coding , but if it is , then it will be great to to know this . i think it would be rather some some models needed . for this improvement . so i 'm afraid that we 'll have to live with the current segmentation quality for the for the workshop . but please try , please get in touch with - ( u ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ok , so thank you and maybe if chiara . chiara- ( u ) thank you , bye . ( o ) yeah , thank you , bye bye . ( p ) bye , bye . ( o ) and chiara , you 're still available for some time ? ( ch ) yes . ( o ) yeah , that 's good . so i think , we should try- what what what can we try ? we do n't have access to the um , maybe you can , yes , if you know , you can tell us how to use the streaming from vlc that work for you . if you , if it work for you . ( ch ) we have n't found yet a solution . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) of the tool prepare exactly an m3u8 starting from vlc . ( o ) yeah , ok , but is there- can you at least well , i do n't recognize if you are else . so can you also paste to the document you are l of any stream on the web . which has the same format as you are expecting ? and we should try to mimic this . ( ch ) i can provide you the exactly the one including in the- ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( m ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so that we know what we need to mimic . and what actually happened with the ban , it 's still confusing to me . because if i click play on the bunny stream- ( m ) it 's not over , it does not start at some time , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so this is not a live- it 's like streaming for me , but not for everybody . it 's not like broadcasting . i would like to avoid the the time time scale , well . the play should be only play and pause , but no way of jumping in time . so how does this work with real time streaming ? ( ch ) ok , in this case we have a playlist m3u8 actually already has all the ehm available chunks- bit of chunks . and this is the reason why you are able to skip in time . ehm , url connected to real time streaming is provide . of course you will not have future video chance , you have just the right now chunk . and so you you will not be allowed to skipping time . ( m ) all right , the m3u8 format it 's it 's ehm list all the currently available chunks and the browser goes again and again fetching the m3u8 file , right ? and then it sees which part of the time is currently available and download those chunks and plays them . ( ch ) you should work exactly in this way . i 'm not guru of streaming video streaming button , as far as i know it works exactly this way . i brought the google doc , the bunny m3u8 url , you can use to test it . there is also ehm setting , a configuration page in the presentation platform who will allow us to ehm configure the ehm for example the input stream ( ? ? ) language . also configure input languages . but as far as i 'm not able to to share my screen , i 'm not able to ex- to present it . ( o ) so so the , if i understood correctly , what you are talking about is the option to change the set of languages displayed under the elitr logo , right ? ( ch ) exactly . ( o ) and this is done on your side within like when starting this , right ? or is it on , no ? ( ch ) it could be manage real time , when up is already running . ( o ) ok , so there is no way- so it 's clicking somewhere hidden and or how do i do it ? ( ch ) ( ? ? ) of course you have to be registered , let 's say to the system as administrator . in this case you see the ehm the main page , possible by each one has ( ? ? ) the browser . ( o ) well , i did n't follow , like i could follow it was difficult for me to understand . but- ( ch ) sorry , ondrej . the configuration page where you are able to set the ( ? ? ) and the stream provided for each language . is not available to each user . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) but ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) ok . so in the meantime , tysin said that he was , he made himself available on slack . and i asked him to join the call . so maybe he 'll join the call if if we 're lucky . so if you have any questions on tyson , then he should appear here . but i 'm not sure if if this is already happening . no , i do n't see him yet . but that was half an hour ago when when he was available on slack . and he 's still like in green , but- no , so ? no . so , and google , firefox anywhere and google chrome on windows . i think we should we should try to wrap up , so i would like to ask everybody who is still on the call , to go through the the current state of the google document , and add whatever we have not recorded in the- and make make the transcript or summary of the messages clear . so try to clean this document now . because i 'm afraid that we have seen many things , but we have not taken appropriate record of all of them . to clean this , clean this up now . until tyson appears , if he does . google chrome on linux , ok . so chiara you mentioned three issues with this with the presentation platform . ( ch ) yes , it 's correct . ( o ) so what was- it was character in coding , subtitles not appearing , uh . and what else ? what was the third one ? ( ch ) we have to manage also character font size , and number of words displayed , of course . because , well , the application it 's dummy , it 's simply displays what he recieves . but i 'm managing it 's in the ehm integration worker , which is the one who has the minus pub fingerprint . i believe we are working still on ( ? ? ) we have not yet tested the multiple output , but should be pretty transparent . and i'm- we have n't yet tested also the multiple sources for the same language . you know , for exampl- ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) the for example english subtitle with source italian audio or german audio and so . this- ( o ) this is- this is something which is - yeah , but it 's also like a design decision and i 'm not sure how what is the current handling of of this . it- do we think it should be the final end users who would be like choosing which english they want to see , or should it be us selecting the best english for them ? ( ch ) we will be ehm , there will be the administrators , then let 's say ( ? ? ) who will use the- ( o ) yeah , so , can we see the administration interface . is that the same with the credentials where the configuration happens ? ( ch ) unfortunately , i 'm not able- oh maybe it work , yes . the tu provider in e-mail in order to access the- ( o ) no . ( ch ) ok , then it 's not possible . because you have to register to the system , which actually means put ( ? ? ) i 'm able to display it on my desktop , but i 'm not able to- ( o ) you can not share it . ( ch ) in pexip , but it's- i can , maybe i can provide you a snapshot . could be a solution , let me- ( o ) so , so is there a url so that i would just type slash admin or something like that to force it to go to the admin screen ? ( ch ) exactly , the slash settings and ( ? ? ) ( o ) so slash- yeah , so the slash admin does not exist but what- it would be great if if this administrator web page would be simply like requested in the url . so what i'm- ( ch ) yes , it is . i paste you the url in the slack livestream , but actually it requires the credential . ( o ) you can not add my admin now . ( ch ) right now no , sorry . ( o ) so can you is your password too secret or ... ( ch ) no , i 'm going to- well , act- ok , try to put just my e-mail , it asks just e-mail . ( o ) so i 'll share , i 'll start , sorry , i 'll start sharing my screen so that you can verify if i 'm doing it right . s- end our screen , allow , so are you seeing my screen ? yes . ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) chiara canton- ( ch ) dot canton , perfect . ( o ) yeah , chiara dot canton at gmail dot com . right ? ( ch ) no , pervoice- ( o ) pervoice dot com . ( ch ) dot it . ( o ) dot it , ok . pervoice dot it . log in . and worked . ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) ok , excellent . so what what is this ? there is this video , ok ? so this can be changed . yeah . i do n't want to change the bugs bunny for now . ( ch ) there will be the default available languages which are ( ? ? ) displayed in the front page . ( o ) so , we can already put here all the target languages that we are , that we are aiming at , right ? ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so it will be also czech , can someone dictate to me from the google doc . it 's in the google doc if it 's clow down . czech , polish , hungarian , what else ? i 'll save it for now and default available- so what is this available language sources ? chiara . ( ch ) ok , if at the moment the definition of sources is static , it 's not dynamic , it 's pretty difficult to define exactly the logic of joining services and living services we 're still reasoning about it . but actually this will effect the next part of the configuration which is the one related to the language configuration . the sources are the audio sources . ( o ) so , actually one think that i thought of during the call and have not taken any note on that . is that we definitely need big grand map of all the fingerprints you are use through all the process . so we need to know what dominik should ask for we need to know what the worker should be- should register themself as , and then what should be displayed . so it 's it 's now like poppin- pokin- poppin- popping up one by one , we we 've learn that if we add dash pub it will be grab by the worker for the presentation platform . do we have this grand map of of fingerprints anywhere ? ( d ) we have the- we have admin web so we can we can see which workers are running and which fingerprints are they using . ( o ) yeah , but- ( d ) but we should have the map anyway . ( o ) we need the map because it 's different institutions who are starting the different workers and if they misregistered the worker if they use like mismatching fingerprint there is no way to make use of that worker . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so chiara , you have sure experience with with the slack maps . should it be a picture or what it 's what is the best layout for this ? ( ch ) in order to have the list of all workers the list of input and output it 's pretty pretty much what we need , more important it- ( o ) no , no , it 's like once we have the idea of what is being connected to what then we know what the inputs and outputs are and it 's easy to use it . but the map is needed for the overall connection , what is connected to what . and this is what we are missing . ( ch ) and you run the for example the eb client , i know it 's pretty much an old tool , but when you run it one of the first thing it displays is exactly the path selected . we have completed the ( ? ? ) in order to aset only exact path and through this- ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) feature we can have a full control over selecting path . ( o ) yes , that 's good . but what i 'm saying is that if we do n't have the map , and if someone from karlsruhe runs a worker with some incompatible fingerprint so that the worker from edinburgh does not connect to it , then the path would not be accesible . there would be like gaps in the path . and we need- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) fingerprints before the the 27 of june meeting . ( o ) yeah , so the point is that if there is a worker connected to the mediator , there is no way for us to change it 's fingerprints . it registers with some particular fingerprints and these need to be compatible to to this surrounding workers . ( ch ) actually that for the one who runs the client is is not available this information , and simply provides if ( ? ? ) so there is no logic implemented in order to ehm change fingerprints to worker , because worker who be there or not or ( ? ? ) will not be available or it 's all deligated to who provides the service . ( d ) but , but at least i created bridge worker , i updated the backend smt worker so we can specify the fingerprints ( ? ? ) arguments and disconcerve us bridge between workers . it 's only copy place to source to target . ( o ) yeah , so that 's the worst case for back solution . ( d ) yes , of course . ( o ) but we should ( ? ? ) because it 's it 's sends the data to one more computer and back . so with the with the map , does google , let 's let 's actually try with the drawing . so can i add- no this is add an image- let 's try , i 'll try creating a new google drawing document . google drawings , that 's it . and i 'll try sharing with with you all . so fingerprints map , share , anyone with the link and edit . so i 'm now putting link to this map to the google doc . try opening i this as well . i 'll i 'll put it in two places . all this- we have n't discuss this . chiara , are you making it to prague ? ( ch ) sorry . ( o ) are you going to prague for the workshop ? did you talk to dario , was he succesfully impersuading you ? ( ch ) no , sorry , i really not be there , but actually it 's really important for me to be here in order to check ( ? ? ) and provide you technicals . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . so , can anyone access the fingerprints map drawing now ? so that we see- platform worker digest these fingerprints eneu pub . so do you see this ? can you see the , yep . ok , yeah . so there there is some , so chiara have you also access that that document . ( ch ) i can see your screenshared . ( o ) no , it would be better if you could access directly the document . and i heard someone- ( ch ) ok , i will try . ( o ) so tyson can see my screensharing but tyson in the call , but he he disconnected again , it 's confusing . he was not able to hear us . so please the way this drawing works is that you while you are editing an object , no one else sees it yet . so please create separate objects and do not edit , yeah . and do not edit the existing ones , so chiara could you please put all the fingerprints of the languages that the presentation platform responds you next to he object that i just created ? like underneath . ( ch ) ok , let me open it . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) it seems you have even to , even have to select different tool for it to appear for us . ( o ) ok . ( m ) just hitting enter it not seem to work . but now i see a blank text field from the anonymo- anonymous alligator and that 's filling right in . so i do n't know what 's going on . ( ch ) ok , i add in a different object the at the moment available fingerprints but please consider that it 's an instance running on my local pc . ( ? ? ) idea is to add just a minus pub to language- ( o ) but the german is different , and italian is different , so the english is , english has eun it 's not like gb , so that's- and we need the the full list of languages . so what i 'm going to do now is that i 'll paste the set of languages that we need to cover . yep . ( m ) i can , yeah you found it . ( o ) i found it . so how do i- so i 'll actually paste- oh , so someone was faster . ( m ) i did it . you can use it now . ( o ) yeah , so chiara i 'll paste it to your , oh this is too bad . and i can not - this does n't really work . it 's just too stupid . ( ? ? ) it 's simply too stupid . i pasted into the chiara 's , yeah . so we need cscz pub , so chiara is there any update on the presentation platform necessary to accept more more fingerprints ? ( ch ) yes you can reload the home page , you introduce new languages for example the czech , the hungarian , the polish , polak . and if you see in the home page there are more languages available now . ( o ) so the home page is this one , and i reload it , yes . so this is those that i introduced . and as- so simply by adding these languages to this list , the worker , it 's registering these new workers , right ? ( ch ) it 's not acting to the worker , it 's acting only on the webpage , and it saying the language available for the , for the user . it 's not- ( o ) yeah but- but backend also needs to know about them . so what is necessary in order to have the the languages as fingerprints the client can connect to and does give them the text . ( ch ) client it 's not connecting to the workers , it 's just- ( o ) it is , it is , when dominik , when dominik launches the client , i 'll say the way i understand it , but you need to correct me if i 'm wrong . so i think that dominik launches eb client and tells eb client , here is some audio with this fingerprint it german audio , and i want the target fingerprint find me a path for that and my desired target fingerprint is italian , italian pub text . and the the eb client connects to the mediator and the mediator find the path and the path will include the worker which digest italian text and produces italian pub . and that 's the worker- ( ch ) yes , ondrej , we have to agree on displaying the client role . i was talking about the ( ? ? ) this case . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) the publication ( ? ? ) the user user browser is the client . ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( ch ) and in this situation the client browser it 's it 's not connecting to the workers , it just recieves , recieves . ( o ) yes . ( ch ) yeah , yea , sorry . ( o ) so my question , my original question was when changing here in , i 'm still sharing the screen . so when i 'm changing the set of languages and i 'll add also the spanish here , es , this will affect obviously the buttons available on the front page . but there is no way that any spanish can appear here until dominik will run a pipeline which will end with spanish spain pub . and for this pipeline to to be access if all the path to be accessible there has to be the worker registered already with it mediator that emits the spanish spain pub fingerprint that i 'll put this fingerprint . ( ch ) yes , yes exactly . the- ( o ) so what is necessary , yeah . what is necessary to do this , to to have this worker available in the mediator ? ( ch ) in order to have the publication for example for the ehm spanish language we have just to add it in our worker configuration . of course the presentation worker , let 's say would be run by pervoice . we have just to configure all the require the worker and let them run it . ( o ) yeah , so please do it with the set of languages that we need for the- so it 's now finger- print . so i- well i 'm making these up , so i 'm not sure if i'm- if is this standard ( ? ? ) so for english we are using the eu , for for dutch it 's spoken in belgium and the netherlands should we also use the eu ? ( ch ) well , it 's just a matter of ( ? ? ) for me . ( o ) so you do n't care . and you have no- ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , so and let 's also do the french eu pub right ? because we have , we do n't have any french ? we 're not sure . ( m ) we have the names of the participants . they 're , we ca n't exactly ask them about their ( ? ? ) so the only way you can do is use the same ( ? ? ) ( o ) so could you do it ? ( m ) nah , i wo n't . i do n't want to have anything with social media . sorry . ( o ) no , just google for their names . or the names if they sound french , then we have to- ( m ) well , to my collegue they sound non french . ( o ) non french . ( m ) because i do n't know how to translate ( o ) yeah , vlamish . ( ch ) sorry , sorry ondrej . the developmenting is asking me if you 're running windows ten . ( o ) no , i 'm running linux . ( ch ) you 're running linux , ok . ( o ) milo\u0161 i can not hear you now from the pexip . i 'm ( ? ? ) and tell us about your windows version . ( m ) this thing is windows 10 and this is windows 7 , but does not have a microphone with , so it 's not running . ( o ) yeah , but for the , and you have tried and you have google chrome on which of those ? ( m ) i think on both . ( o ) and there is still not hearing anymore ? ( m ) no i do n't have it here . ( o ) does it work on chromium ? ( ch ) you guys of course the browser , maybe it 's related to windows firewall but you are running linux , we have to check it , ok . actually it work also on my mobile device , so maybe you can try with your android device to connect to the presentation platform by using browser . it should be already optimize for also mobile mobile usage . but this this problem with windows has confused me , because al- me you , me too i usually work on linux and it works pretty well in my situation , maybe it 's something related also to as your firewall we have to check it . ( m ) because i have , on the windows 7 , i 'm to nlt connection and that should not be too many firewalls in the way . and then also not seeing it . by the way , for the optimization i i was wondering if i have bigger screen , now the slides are quite small . but there be option to make it bigger ? because as of now this is hardly hardly awesome . ( o ) i 'm not sure if i 'm , i 'm sharing the screen , i 'll share my camera instead . i 'll stop sharing my screen , how do i , stop that . ( m ) it 's small . ( ch ) thank you . ( o ) i 'll stop sharing my screen but milo\u0161 show this . so this is what the participants are eventually are going to see . they will sit in front of a notebook , each one of them and they will see the subtitles and the slides . and the slides are reduced way too much . so the full screen is not sufficiant default screen , that 's the question . essentially . ( m ) yeah , and there 's a lot of blank blue space . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) which definitely could be reduce when there is only one line of subtitles . ( o ) so milo\u0161 could hit as eleven or twelve- ( ch ) sorry could you- ( m ) and now it 's even worse . ( o ) yeah , so this is this is the full screen mode of the web browser , what you 're seeing in the webcam from my pexip , right ? and that 's the view of what the participants at the workshop would see . and we would like to make use better use of the space of the screen . so we would like the stream video to take configurable or at least much larger space of the screen . ( ch ) ok , we can reason about it . i think it 's optimize in relation to the mobile usage , because mobile will probably require more space for for subtitles . ( o ) for the subtitles . yeah , so can you , this is some css fighting . so , so can you make sure it 's for the workshop in two weeks now , it 's more important to have it optimized for the desktop rather than for the mobile phone . ( ch ) ok , ok . ( o ) but- ( ch ) i write it immediately . ( o ) yeah . i 'll try actually elitr dot pervoice dot com . ( m ) also small ( ? ? ) given the small set of languages now- ( o ) so this is my , this is my screen and also i think it 's like not really- so the bugs bunny works yes , it 's good . it 's firefox , but i 'll try to rotating it . ( m ) ( ? ? ) that 's even worse . ( o ) but i can scroll it . so actually after scrolling this is probably the what 's it optimize for at the moment , right ? do you agree chiara ? ( m ) that 's probably the wrong way , it would be better to have it optimized for being vertical , because then you have space for the subtitles . now you are just , yeah . ( o ) so chiara are- ( ch ) yes , as i told you we are working much more on functionality than on the- ( o ) that's- we 're not complaining , so it 's , i wanted to say this up front . it 's it 's great what you have already . we 're , but we 're thinking what what are the minimum changes that would make it like much more usable with as little effort as you have . so , i think it 's usable in the in the horizontal mode because then there is more , it 's it 's hard to say where is more space . ( m ) depends on how many languages you will want to see . ( o ) mmm exactly . yeah . so maybe i think you can for the cell phone usage it looks really good to me . i think it would be ok already now . for the desktops it would be better to to have the subt- the video larger . ( m ) and it seems it works for the cellphone very well that it adapts to the size of the screen , i wonder why does the same code can not be used on the desktop . ( ch ) well , you know it 's different , the browser used on the mobile phone probably . well , actu- i think probably at the moment the css is operate the same we have to introduce- ( o ) to different ones . ( ch ) and i 'm i 'm not webdesigner- ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) but for the , this is the issue . if you like to have a bigger video screen text , i can ( ? ? ) note and i will ask them . ( o ) yes . i think- ( ch ) available for june . ( o ) yeah , the shortest version of this request would be to not limit the with of the slides rectangle on the desktop . it should also happily use the whole the full width of of that . of the screen ( ch ) but- ( o ) there 's there 's the subtitles will be below that . ( ch ) exactly . the problem is to let still the subtitle to be displayed . you also asked for having at least , well at the most using 2 languages available . ( o ) and you support many more , which is good , i like that . ( ch ) yes , it 's pretty , it 's it 's nice , but of course they will require some kind of space . yesterday we actually we tried for the full screen mode to prepare let 's say a kind of overlapping , you know the the ( ? ? ) , but we have n't found a solution and it 's actually it 's it 's nothing in problem to , to develop it . and not not for june , i 'm sorry . but we reason about it . ( o ) yeah , and when i 'm thinking of is , can you , could you , could you share with us the code for the not all , maybe maybe not all of the presentation platform but like the bare bones which has the text thing , like the logic that converse the the words to where is that being displayed ? so , because you mention the number of where is that should be displayed . so there is some logic in your set up . so this- ( ch ) it 's not the idea presentation platform ( ? ? ) the worker , in the worker logic . i 'm not allowed to share the whole worker logic because actually we have a really complex project . and it 's difficult to explain to someone else also how how it work . but i can prepare some kind of snippet and i can share them for sure . ( o ) so the reason i 'm asking for this is the clie- the console client presentation platform . something which we could launch ourselves and the only thing it will be doing would be showing the text in terminal window . and this is something that would help us to to use the video mixer if we use some transparent transparent ehm terminal on green screen . so like extracting this worker logic from your worker of the presentation platform would be very useful for for us . for the purposes of of the video mixing . because it we we could make it clie- console operation worker . ( ch ) i 'm reasoning about it because at the moment , the the worker , the publi- the publication worker returns exactly the packet recieved and not the one published . but maybe it could send back the published subtitles so that you can catch the subtitle directly from the the client running . ( o ) that 's right , yes . ( ch ) the idea . ok . ( o ) or maybe , maybe it 's if it 's easy i do n't know how easy is it in the code , but if you could register the worker when you 're starting the worker that feeds the presentation platform . if it could register itself twice , once by pro- offering the dash pub thing , and that would be only copying thing exactly , and the other one would be like dash pub presented or whatever and that would be ( ? ? ) thing . is that possible ? so that the same worker would offer two output , one would be so that you can connect it and it does n't change the the stream and the other one would be the one that we could then directly use as the console client . ( ch ) i have to reason about it , i 'm not sure about the answer , sorry . ( o ) what is- yeah , ok . so is there still anything that we need to discuss ? so i think the most important thing for now is the map of the fingerprints . i 'm not sharing my screen , i 'll start sharing my screen again . ( ch ) oh , yes . we 'll be preparing the map . ( o ) yes . allow . so i 'm sharing my screen . so i think we need to make sure this set of languages is is there . and we need everybody , so i 'll ask everyone on the call today at 1 to contribute to this map and everybody needs to check that their workers are like signing themself with the right , with the right fingerprints . ( ch ) yes , please consider that at the moment , the publication worker it 's running on my local pc . when it will be sufficiently stable it will be deployed on asure . so please do n't run a lot of test with it , because i 'm also debugging and checking this functionality . so in general- ( o ) ok . ( ch ) in general i suggest you to forget about the presentation platform till monday . so we can test and improve the functionality . and also check these nasty things of browser , windows , so whatever . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) firewalls and whatever . ( o ) ok . so i think we 're we should stop the call . like i do n't know how about you but i 'm i 'm getting exhausted . for , and i 'm not sure if tyson is here if he can hear us or not . yeah , well . ( ch ) for monday we say we say the time which was from ? ( o ) 11 . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) so i 'll actually put it right into the at the beginning of this call . so monday , and it will be what would be the date on monday . yeah , 17 6 , and only only ( ? ? ) and chiara expected and the goal for monday was to test more languages in presentation platform . or what was the- ( ch ) well , since i will not be available for part of the week , maybe we can try to ( ? ? ) let 's say everything we have to check on friday . so the multiple language fingerprint path selection and hopefully , of course the multiple publishing system on the presentation platform . ( o ) yeah and also custom different video . different video streams . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) and the goal for friday was the full work allow needed . i all audio inputs and all target languages in the presentation platform , right ? i 'm now editing the top , you 're seeing it in in my screeshare i guess . yeah , so here rico and phil will be absent . everyone else please come . ok . i think that 's it , right ? we also need a break before the main . so tyso- , yeah so tyson , were you here ? we do n't know . i i saw tyson for a while , i 'm not sure if he was here at all . yeah . so chiara thanks a lot . tyson if you are here , thank you as well . but may ( ? ? ) with chiara- ( ch ) yes . i 'm sorry it did n't work today , but actually ( ? ? ) ( o ) that 's it 's no no , you 're pretty fire , this is perfect . this is this is very good , like i 'm not really relieved yet , but- i 'm not anymore nervous that i was before . actually , quite on the contrarily . so that 's that 's good . ok so thanks a lot and talk to you on monday . and try to clean up the google document this one , on the prepare to the calls if i misunderstood something or if if there 's if some of the notes do n't make sense please make it explicit so that we , yeah . so that we know what is what is happening . ok , thank you chiara , i 'll close the call now if i 'm able to and we start packing things here . ( ch ) bye . ( o ) yeah , thank you , bye bye .", "tgt": "running segmenters . trying out the creation of subtitles . presentation issue - showing twice the same thing . browser issue . streaming video issue . adding default languages . map of fingerprints used needed . testing google drawings . video optimalization for desktop and mobile device . so that subtitles are visible ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello , can you hear me , is it doing anything ? ( u ) yes , ondrej , now we can hear you . ( o ) ok , yeah , so the microphone here was muted . sorry . so now , the voice level of the amplification should be reasonable . okay . great . so that is one monitoring problem fixed . and , can you see me ? ( u ) yes , we can see you , so here 's phil , barry and me . ( o ) yeah , so we are here , and this is dominik and milo\u0161 . and we have the screen in the back and the screen is still empty . it 's only some mountains above that should be ideally , the presentation from milo\u0161 's notebook . uh , through , um , the like ( ? ? ) which is there to dominik 's notebook and dominik 's notebook is also recording all the-all the audio through this . so we have two inputs , uh , and one of them microphone has that batteries but . so but we do n't have any true german speaker at the moment . so the the worst problem is that tyson will not be available for this call . i do n't know how this is possible . uh , he has another meeting , and i also have n't heard from . have n't heard from chiara this morning , and what we do n't have is the presentation platform . so the way we are presenting the subtitles , for now , is only directly when the worker . the- sorry , when when the client at dominik 's notebook . what 's the status at your notebook ? that 's all right , i 'm the only one who is talking on pexip now . so , so what we have there , ehm , can you share the screen ? screensharing , share my screen , so you should be seeing . this is- this is what you should be seeing now , it 's dominik 's screen that runs the client for connecting together , one asr worker and then the translation into czech . that 's the lower , the larger window in the background . and the machine translation worker is which one ? is it the dominik . so phil , you have all the languages running , right ? ( p ) i did , some of them have just going down i tried to modify ( ? ? ) , czech is running . ( o ) yeah , should we try different language , so that you can also see the quality ? ( p ) ehm , i think ( ? ? ) maybe down , ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , please test- test german worker and dominik can at the same time start third window , right ? uh , with um , another client getting the same sound input and sending it now through the- through the german empty . so what we have now , on dominik 's screen , which you can also see , it 's shared there . it 's two of the commands . one of the command is running only the asr worker and the other command the lower window is running both , the asr worker and the machine translation into czech . and i would like a third one , which would be also doing the machine translation into german . and this is the set up where all the workers are totally like independent . and the same asr processing is done two times now , and it will be done three times with the german one . ( d ) we have only one english segmenter . so we can run only-we have two segmenters . so we can run only two ( ? ? ) at once . ( o ) yeah , that's- that 's a problem , and we do n't have tyson to add more . so we 'll have to give up on one of these outputs right . yep , so what should we tests now ? ( d ) - german translation . ( u ) yeah , german asr . ( o ) yeah , german asr , that 's another thing that we could try . ( p ) ( ? ? ? ) ( u ) do we have- do we have a empty system german to english ? ( o ) i 'm not sure , that phil would- could have one . and karlsruhe could have one , german to english . ( p ) ( ? ? ? ) ( u ) sorry , we do n't have machine ( ? ? ) system , but we could try test the asr if you want . ( o ) yeah , so i think that's- we should try that as well . so for the for the workshop actually , it 's it 's seems that we are short of german interpreters . so the german signal will be available only like for 20 minutes , and then 20 minute break and 20 minutes again , because it will be only one person attending the the last 20 minutes , and they they have to take break . so that is at least one benefit of our technology that it should , if it runs it runs . but anyway , we should be ready for for that , because the german from the asr will be much better and german speakers will be much happier to see uh , the the human interpretation , but we should be testing everything . so i think we should do it with the other mike , right ? so i will try to get the batteries , ehm , and you 're right that- the good thing about german asr is that we do n't rely on the german , on the english segmentation worker so that that could run as well . so i 'll , i 'll get the mike with um , the weather is for the second mike . so , well without the headphones , you wo n't , ehm , no one will hear you in the room . ( u ) so ( ? ? ) now saying that our english ( ? ? ) also running empty would like to test that . ( d ) ok , so i 'm going to run it . ok , so i 'll share my screen again . so i launched the german empty , english to german . now i 'm speaking german , now i 'm speaking english and i should see german translation . can you see it ? ( u ) yes , that , it says you 're now talking about ehm you 're talking about bacteria- ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) can you say something ? let 's try this . ( ch ) i 'm sorry for my lateness . ( d ) ok . yeah , ok . so we have german empty , yes , we have english into german empty , ond\u0159ej is back . ( u ) yeah , sorry , we 've just noticed this it the kit translation service , not the any problem . ( ? ? ) i think we might want to try edinburgh as well . ( d ) ok . wait , so i add another option , here , uedin , you , ( ? ? ) , the uedin . so this is your empty , right ? so , what time i 'm talking about right now , tell me , computer . tell me , tell me , what time i 'm talking about . ( u ) not too bad . ( d ) yeah , this is not too bad . we can try something , something . ( u ) yes , it has to be some , some prodution from your polits , yes , mr . president . ( d ) yeah , ond\u0159ej is starting another mike , right now . this is all right , it 's set up . you should see blinking here , ond\u0159ej . ( d ) so i 'm i'm- yes , ( o ) one , two , three , four , ... one , two , three , four , so this is what i 'm saying directly to the head set microphone . you can see me and dominik is also holding the second mike , so that you hear what i 'm saying , and you are seeing the translations with the delay one , two three , so yes , ( ch ) cool . ( o ) but i 'm following the german words that i spot . occasionally they are related , but i can not acess the the sentence quality . that 's too hard for me to to process . ( u ) it looks- looks ok , ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( u ) the segmentation is ( ? ? ) getting the end of one sentence in the beginning of the next , and we not read it preparefull that , and i think that 's something that we need to talk to kit ( ? ? ) they can fix that and make sure that they 're not getting these overlapped to two sentences but that 's a tranlastions starts . all that input starts with the new sentence . ( p ) that 's a lot of repetitions . ( u ) that 's a lot of repetitions , that you hear that . do we get the same segment same phrase six times and translate it five six times . ( p ) yes , ( ? ? ) recieving into the fix , into ( ? ? ) resending . ( u ) can you chiara , guys hear us ? ( d ) yes . ( u ) so there is a lot of repetitions and- ( d ) yes , yes . ( u ) - are coming in . ( d ) we are solving another issue , with- with presentation right now . we can not follow your discussion . but it would be nice if you wrote the conclusion from this discussion , from this observation to the doc . ( u ) ok , we will . ( o ) whoever whoever what 's a problem , please put it into the google doc at the end of today 's blog , there 's the critical observations from the test . so any observation you make , please , add it there . so that we know what what to fix . and we also noticed that i do n't know how to share it , how to do it . so can you open the pexip , i 'll take the second headset . yeah . so look at look at my screen , look at the web cam that i 'm presenting now . so you 're now looking at milo\u0161 's notebook and the think is this hd- hd button view full motion presentation . and you have to click this view full motion presentation so that the frame rave of pexip is- is higher and that you will see what exactly is rolling on the ehm on the clients of the asr . so do you see the- click it milo\u0161 . the hd , it will become blue , no , post thing , view normal presentation . so do you see that ? that icon , it 's second from the uh , right on the list of icons of pexip . ( p ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so i 'll try to share it in another way as well as well , but i 'm not sure if i 'll i 'll make it . so i will share my screen , entire screen . allow . so i 'm now sharing my-but then , yeah . so i 'm sharing my whole screen but the full motion icon has has hidden away has hidden away . so i do n't know how to , maybe it 's not possible to do with the with the screen sharing . so it's-that 's right , yeah , ok . so i 'll stop my screen sharing again . no , no , we hit the screenshot . so , the , the list of icons that i was- so the the issue that we are trying to to help you solve now is that when you are following the the screen presented by dominik , dominik are you still presenting the screen ? yep . so when you are when you are following that screen , you will see only update of whole page , like every one or two seconds and that 's different , that 's very different from what we are seeing . we are seeing it live , many like lines added one by one . i can show you on my from my webcam . so if you look at the webcam . the webcam is maybe a faster . do you see , do you see what is actually happening on dominik 's laptop ? it 's much faster . when i 'm talking . it 's adding repeated sentences . and it 's like continuously updating the the translations into both german and czech . but in pexip screensharing , you see an update only every two seconds . and to the hd button is the thing that will let you see it in live like faster , without this delay . was that clear ? ( u ) that was clear ( ? ? ) suited for connection so , the hd one . ( o ) - appear- ( u ) that 's how it 's work . we had to click it before now it 's broken apparently . ( o ) so someone is now highlighting the thing , it 's who is sharing that 's screen . ( u ) ( ? ? ) we found it there . ( o ) yeah , so maybe taky a screenshot of this for- for our next call . so that later , we know what what is where . and we , we have chiara on the call as well , right chiara , can you hear us ? ( ch ) yes , i 'm here , good morning . ( o ) yeah , yeah , morning so i 'll try it . it 's only me , maybe milo\u0161 can hear it . right ? milo\u0161-yeah , dominik can not hear what we are saying . so that 's big- i do n't hear milo\u0161 . yeah , so we 'll add one more lap-so milo\u0161 was using- muted ? but you are still-i can not hear , milo\u0161 . ( d ) i need to enable both . ( o ) yep . okay . so you can now hear milo\u0161 , as well . and we should avoid loud speakers . so it will be better . if- do we still have another headset ? for dominik ? yeah . so dominik will connect with one more laptop . so that dominik can can hear us as well . so in the meantime , eh chiara in the google document , there is-so maybe i will . i will start sharing my screen . that is probably the best idea . share entire screen . allow . so if you are following a- if you are seeing my screen this it the preparatory calls google document . and here , at the end of the session today . there is this critical observations from the test . and i would like to ask everyone , whoever has some observation please add it here . so that we-so that we know about the issue . so the first issue is that- ( ch ) ok . ( o ) yep . so the first issue that we spotted was that we need life monitoring of everything . if anything is bad we need to trace one step back and see if it was good and this step back or or not . uh , another . uh , thing is that multiplexing is probably necessary . so the idea is that right now on the cable , a connection dominik 's notebook is sending three english , three audios ? dominik , are you sending three audios ? only two . no , he 's sending two two audios . but we need to send one audio for each output language . actually . ( ch ) have n't you tested the- multipol input stream request ? ( d ) wait , ( ? ? ) mike , can you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( ch ) yes ( d ) yeah , what did you ask ? ( ch ) have you tested the multiple imput request functionality . i know you extended the the client . but probably you have ( ? ? ) the multiple input request functionality sent you an email , i do n't remember- ( d ) yes . ( ch ) - if this week or the last one . ( d ) okay . yes , i did n't try it this week . but before the trade fair , we used this functionality . we had one empty- one asr and one recorder and this worked . so i believe that it 's still working . ( ch ) it could- it could work also asking , for example , for multiple eh translations that 's giving the input audio file , and they want , for example the germ-german audio file and that want in to receive the english translation and the french translation . the chain work . ( d ) ok . so i will try it . ( ? ? ) will be really nice to have it . ( o ) ok . the so that 's the multiplexing . then , this is this is observation by edinburgh . so maybe they could summarize what- what they have recorded , of what have they noticed to chiara . and me as well , because i have n't heard it . ( u ) one thing is efficiency thing , like we are getting the same request multiple times , sometimes four five times the same input . right now it 's fine , but it 's a bit waste the speciality , to have couple minute languages . ( o ) so there should be minimum cashing like , never send- ( u ) and if it does n't change just do n't resend it . ( ch ) okay , i have , probably some update , because i talked about this this behavior , yesterday , with felix and tyson . and actually in the year all used case the one who use the air lange mediator . and not the per voice one they manage these these behavioral directly in the displace server . and all their workers are are meant to work in a transparent behavior . they translate multiple times . the same asr output . and then they feature out segments in their own application . this , of course , is it 's not optimal and managing such logic in the presentation layer and it 's my opinion at least . it 's not correct and it bounce also the usages to the key worker . so i 'm trying to figure out something to manage it for the june eh fair-the june meeting . and they told me that probably the eh machine translation of cuni has some kind of improvement , and it was the one i was trying to check this morning . dominik do you confirm that you manage something in your workers ? ( d ) i started some workers . but but yesterday , i tried only the debugging workers . only the the dummy back end smt . ( ch ) and i 'm trying to investigate this behavior . and what comes out was that the off set is the- off set value is probably the one who will contain the key of this solution . because , as far as i understood . but i have still to check it . they updated the offset only when i finally pote disease arrives . and- or something something like this . tyson shared with me a python script last night , who manage the eh asr output , filtering out only final hypothesis . and actually . it works on- ( ? ? ) beginning and not on offset and so ( ? ? ) also get confused , but we are reason about this topic and we 'll update you , of course , or if you discover something , please update me . and at the end we will probably find the solution . we are reasoning about it . i perfectly understand that it 's it 's not eh eh-it is not comfortable to translate multiple times the same asr out . ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so i 'm . i 'm not sure if i totally understood . if you were referring only to this problem of of the repetitive input to machine translation , if not if you were talking also about another issue . please make a separate bullet points here . ( ch ) no , no , it should be the same issue , but i also , i 'm a little bit confused the on this topic , than probably i have n't explain it very well . ( o ) so uh , i think it was edinburgh people who said that the empty worker can not distinguish between januar repetition . and weard asr behavior , i agree . so this is this is like a presentation issue . we do want to display the same thing twice , if it was set twice . but i think that even if there is a genuine repetition . your empty worker could save the uh , the graphics card , or whatever the cp use , time and could cash it . so i think the cashing is useful even if eh even if there is genuine repetition . ( u ) ok , so you still wants us to return something even if it can say we could repeat it . that 's what you are saying . ( o ) yeah , i think the the empty worker should be totally like ignoring any context . it should be like a- . it should not be trying to be clever . if it 's recieve something twice . ( u ) yes . ( o ) it should send it twice . ( u ) we can do that it 's just-it still seem eh , like the pushing the problem downstream . ( o ) i think it 's what we want , because like it 's very same string then the empty worker should not have been called . so this is this is the bug . but if it is a minor extension of the sentence then we do want the empty worker to see the whole sentence again , so- ( u ) so it is the same ( ? ? ) or is it the same ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so , the same string repeated , how could that happen ? we do not have anyone from karlsruhe on the call . but it is possible that they received they recieved some more audio . and the final hypothesis they create from this , is the identical string . that would be my guess . ( o ) so . in that case , they should simply avoid sending an update if it is not different from the previous update . ( u ) yes , yes . ( o ) yeah . so the the alti ee match best solution is that the asr worker double checks it 's output and never sends the same string ehm-if-well i should very different list still . they will take this outputs , so-even if a longer sound segment-if longer sound segment happens to lead to the same text hypothesis , this update should not be send to the subsequent empty worker , because it is not real update . so that 's the that 's the thing . so the cashing it actually an an output cash or-well , that was the right wording . so it's- avoid useless , yeah . so i 'll delete this . ( u ) very quick question , you 're not recieving any more translation , did you guys turn this of ? ( o ) did you turn this of or is it- are the workers still running . so i 'm i 'm wearing the two mikes . ( d ) no , the workers are not running , and i ca n't get audio into into my laptop right now . ( o ) and why has this failed ? ( d ) i do n't know i worry it 's only- ( ch ) sorry , guys i run a test with the english asr , maybe it 's me , i wrack now finish . sorry . ( o ) i was not following you , so . ( ch ) i i run a test with the english asr , maybe it was me . ( o ) so you think that you were stealing one of the workers , right ? ( ch ) yeah , i finished , it 's all available now . ( o ) yeah , okay , uh . so i 'm now talking to the microphone . and and dominik 's notebook not recording anything yet , but the beringer we have , the sound in the sound card , but we do not have the sound in the system , and it 's stopped by itself , or have you been changing any of the sound settings ? that 's look good . ok , i 'll be saying . one , two , three , four all the time . so sorry for the uh , the useless sound on the pexip . in the mean-we could we could have some discussion so that i would be stoking only once a while on something useful . so chiara , what is the status of of the presentation platform . is there anything we can test today , remember i should be the one talking more . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so what can we do ? what can we do to test it ? is there webpage ? ( ch ) okay , i'm-yes , there is . unfortunately , i prepared the ( ? ? ) which uses the german asr . the german segmenter . ( o ) yes . ( ch ) the english machine translation , and then publish an english subtitle . but unfortunately right now the the german asr it 's not working . so i can ex- asure you i really- ( o ) the german are- ( ch ) -less ( o ) the german asr was working while ago , and dominik has one of the workers for himself . so we are following two channels uh , i 'm talking to the english channel . and we also have the second mike , and that is intended for that 's intended for german speakers here like . so i can keep saying something also in german . so one of the german worker is used by us . where is the presentation platform web ? can you paste it to the google documents so that we can look at it ? so where- chiara ? have you heard ? ( ch ) yes , sorry , ok ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) i can surely ( ? ? ) and going to write it in the google doc ( o ) yeah , so maybe in the status of the components . ( ch ) ok , ( ? ? ) , right here ? ( o ) yeah yeah , exactly . ( ch ) oh my gosh , voice not working . dunno why does not let me write anything in google doc , except to where i do not want to write . ( ch ) sorry . ( ? ? ) please , okay , um , okay , ( ? ? ) platform url . okay . i ca n't share these right now , because it 's up and running . but maybe it is better if i share my screen with you so- ( o ) yes . ( ch ) -you can see my demo . and i 'll share with presentation . how can i share the text ? ( o ) the screen ? there is an icon . can you see it now ? so you see me sharing screen . and there is this buttons . a my mouse is moving left to right over them . ( ch ) no . i do not have this button unfortunately . ( o ) you do not have any- you do n't have this this button for presenting ? ( ch ) no , sorry . ( o ) ok . then you can not share it . so i will share the platform instead of you . so you can see that in my screen sharing , right . ( ch ) ok . thank you all for the support . a lot - ( ? ? ) of course , it 's a prototype we are working on functionality- ( o ) yeah , this is perfect . ( ch ) -and not the looking field . ( o ) perfect , no no , if this works in two weeks from now it would be perfect . ( ch ) ok , on the left you have four buttons for configuring the languages . in this moment we have english , french , italian and german . you can click on them , enabling subtitles . ( o ) yeah . so you can choose more , ok ? yep . ( ch ) also ( ? ? ) more than two , or or mo- or less or non-subtitle . ( o ) perfect . ( ch ) the big black box is the one who displace the - ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ( ? ? ) like bugs bunny . ( ch ) there is the - this is a demo of course but when we have the m3u8 url , we can configure the presentation platform to connect to this streaming and display the provide thing . ( o ) yes , so can we test this now as well ? ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so this is something for milo\u0161 , so if you can extract milo\u0161 to use the vlc in some way . then possibly there like there could be firewall-ish user another things . but we should be able to ship the the screen , right ? yeah . this is another thing that should test today . ( ch ) ok , okay . if we have-m3u8 url we can put it in the presentation platform . actually , the web page is a simple client and it it only display what it recieves . so there is- there is no business logic inside it . ( o ) yeah , can we the source code of this web page , like if we want to run this web page ourselves for debugging purposes . can we get access to that , or maybe if you do not want to share the whole thing , then just the video client , so that we can test the video client . ( ch ) well , i have n't worked on the source code so i 'm not able to share it with you . ( o ) so you do n't have it . ( ch ) no . is somewhere in the our report , but i can ask for- ( o ) yeah . so please use the repository of elitr to upload at least that part that runs the . at least the webpage that shows the video and this is the thing that we need to link with the screencast that we are going to to send . and then we can test whether it 's easier for us to send it through linux machine or through the vlc in linux , we 'll decide . but this is an important thinkg . ( ch ) okay . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) it 's important this weekend that 's that . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) yes , i perfectly understand . and actually we 're still working on the integration for example , we have some problems with characters and coding , right now . but the english subtitle which of course the english language does n't have . strange characters is also- perfectly representing letting one . works well . ( o ) yeah . this will be important . so we definitely . for the czech , we definitely need more we need also letting 2 or utf8 . ideally , we have . yeah . so we need isolating one and two at the same time . so please move to utf8 . ( ch ) no , no . yes , of course . there 's something which is not working in the- probably in the examale sent . through the mediator , we are debating this problem exactly this morning . ( o ) yeah . ok . ( ch ) when i will find working asr worker , for example , if you free me the - ( o ) is there any way that we could ship the data to it ? so- ( ch ) yes . ( o ) dominike has the workers running and if you are following dominik 's screen as well , i do n't know if dominik 's screen is there . ( d ) no . ( o ) so-so if if dominik 's start sharing , and if you click the hd button which you may have or may not have . i do n't have the hd button , dominik has it . this is . how do i ? ( d ) am i sharing right now ? ( o ) you are not sharing , i do n't know how how can i. maybe i need to stop sharing . so i 'll stop presenting for now . i can see chiara now . and maybe dominik can now start to meeting participants in control ( ? ? ) . so dominik is not sharing . well anyway- ( d ) but i 'm trying . ( o ) yeah , so what we would like to have is dominik notebook initiating the session . so sending the audio and your presentation platform showing the subtitles corresponding to that . so this is what what we would like to set up a. uh . can you- can you let us know how to do it ? ( ch ) yes . at the moment , there are , let me check it on the admin web . there are for example , for sure , the german , italian , ok , and the english one . i suggest the english the english output since it 's it 's much more reliable . but , we could use for example . i 'm going to write it in the slack channel . ( o ) yeah . ok . ( ch ) mark testing , ok . ok , this is my- there is a worker who manage the publication . ( o ) so if the idea is that to simply send to start the client so that the target well signature is this eh , an eu pub , right ? ( ch ) yes , exactly . actually , the the ( ? ? ) worker is completely transparent , the packets he receives send back exactly as he has received them , but as a kind of processing it publish subtitle on the ( ? ? ) ( o ) ok , so we can also see the output in the eb client eventually . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so the locks will not change and , yeah . so dominik is now-the same work for german right ? deeu pub , does that work as well ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) so can we also present to-unable-i 'll show you the , on the- ( d ) i 'm sharing the screen so- ( o ) you can look at dominik 's screen in in pexip . ( ch ) yes , the out- input fingerprint is wrong , it 's dd , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , german , dd . ( d ) yes , yes , i can see this one . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) ok , so from now on if this connects , i should be able to see- so what is it doing . disconnect . yeah , i should be able to see in subtitles what i am saying . well , we see something in the locks but we do n't see it in the elite- in the presentation platform yet . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) i suggest to try the english one . ( o ) well , both- ehm , it 's i think dominik have you- ( d ) yes , i- ( o ) connected both . ( d ) i connected english and german . as you can see . here . ( o ) yeah , so on dominik 's screenshare , only for the english , ok . so dominik now stopped the the german target . and only produces the english output . no , stop the german- yes , so i can see my- what i 'm saying in on dominik 's lock , on dominik 's screen . but i do n't see it in the presentation platform . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) it 's strange , why it 's not working . may i try to perform my test ? ( o ) yes . ( d ) yes . ( ch ) - what 's the difference . where is the- ( o ) yes , yeah . ( d ) so i 'm going to kill it . so you have free resources right now . ( ch ) the worker is correctly engaged and he says that it 's publishing at winx but i'm- me too , i did n't see anything in the presentation platform . and i 'm running my test . and it 's not working . why ? i think it 's a matter of web browser i 'm using . ok . just the second , sorry . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) mmm , i can . i 'm able to see it in my chrome browser but not my edge one . ( o ) ok , so i 'm using firefox . ( ch ) yeah , maybe , ok , let 's try . i 'm also on two different computers i do n't understand if something also related to- it 's seems that in the in my windows laptop it is n't displayed anything even if i run it- even if i run it in chrome , but on my linux desktop it work 's well . ( o ) and is it google chrome or chromium ? ( ch ) chrome . ( o ) chrome , ok . ( ch ) ok , ok , of course for demo we have to manage it , of course . for demo reason i can try to share my- ( o ) the original work ? the screen sharing ? ( ch ) linux , ok . ( ch ) i 'm start thinking that it 's a matter of ehm windows firewall . im using , you are using a linux laptop ? ( o ) yes , but but i do n't have google chrome , so milo\u0161 has . well , but there is no subtitles . so i can share with through the webcam . so this is milo\u0161 milo\u0161 's windows laptop with chrome looking at the elitr pervoice com . ( ch ) i 'm not also not able to see anything in my- ( o ) in windows . ( ch ) -in my laptop , yep . oh my gosh . well , ok , at some point- ( o ) we have one linux machine with- does anyone have a linux machine with google chrome ? to test it now ? ( ch ) ok , do n't worry , at some point it will work , i 'm going to- * ( o ) ok . ( ch ) talk about it with of course the team . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) but , ok , it , actually it work we have n't yet tested the multiple publication ( ? ? ) . but should be pretty transparent . and we have still some problem with of course browsers and windows . but also with characters in coding and we are debugging where the problems is originated , there are strange characters coming out from the asr or if it 's the java integration whose not correctly managing the ( ? ? ) . so there 's still a lot of work . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . but anyway , you have something , this is good . ( u ) sorry guys , we have to leave now . ( o ) yeah . ok , so what is your main conlusion recall before you leaving from this test . what should we focus on . ( u ) ( ? ? ) in the document is that i said i 'm not quite understand the logic in the asr , because it 's giving us sentences in ( ? ? ) fragments ( ? ? ) so if it could talk to ( ? ? ) maybe they can change the way that this is present i think it will be helpful for us . but on a positive side , in term of efficiency it seem to be be able to handle ehm that stream that 's coming in without empty worker . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i 'm also quite happy with this speed that the subtitles appeared on dominik 's screen . so that was good . i 'm curious if this will scale up to the six or more target languages and the multiple-input . so this is something that we we should probably plan to test next week . to like test it with a whole all load with full number of inputs and full number of outputs . ( ch ) yes , from yesterday i start working on the complete pipe . then something from audio and ( ? ? ) also segmentation , translation and publication . and everything works fine . i 'm , i will be on vacation next week a couple of days so i suggest to perform some massive test on monday , so that i can provide you my support and we can check everything together . ( o ) so which monday are talking about ? the very next- ( ch ) next monday . ( o ) so on in 4 days from now , right ? ( ch ) yep . ( o ) so- , yes , so during the day i 'm available from like eleven to three . is that a good time frame ? ( ch ) yeah . yes for me it 's fine . ( d ) which day ? ( o ) monday . this very monday . and i heard phil that phil is not available on friday , right ? ( p ) yes , that 's right . i can- i can make sure the worker is running , but probably wo n't be available to- i 'm not be able to go in meeting . probably ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ok , so let 's plan to have the same type of test call on fri- on friday anyway . and chiara you are available on friday or not ? ( ch ) yes , i'm- i should be back . ( o ) yeah , so let 's plan friday same time again . so we are actually starting and nine with the preparations . and then at ten we expect everyone who is available to to join . and phil will not be here . but hopefully all the workers will be running . and we 'll . so rico , will you be available next week ? ( r ) no , i 'll be away next week . ( o ) and barry ? is- so anyone from edinburgh could be monitoring- ( u ) next friday should be available and i should be available to join ( ? ? ) pexip , anyway . ( o ) yes . so it back- it 's will be pexip because we want to relieve the workers . from the alfaview load . for the session . so what we will mostly need it to check the work load . if we try to run all the target languages . so we should come up with the set up that runs the asr and connects all the machine translation into all the target languages . and the presentation platform should present all of these , ultimately . and we need to see if it- where it where there are any workload issues . so it could happen everywhere . it could happen at the very first laptop , that does the sound recording . it could happen in the mediator , which i do n't expect . it could happen at the edinburgh side with the machine translation systems . yeah , so it could happen anywhere . ok , so i think that the edinburgh people can can leave now , thank you very much for for your time today and thanks phil especially for for putting this worker together . i would just like to ask if you could get in touch directly with felix and make sure that they help you with the with segmentation input . i 'm a little bit worried that there will be no time for improving this because it will be like creating new models and improving the underlink set up . it 's not to me , it 's probably not an issue of some rule based coding , but if it is , then it will be great to to know this . i think it would be rather some some models needed . for this improvement . so i 'm afraid that we 'll have to live with the current segmentation quality for the for the workshop . but please try , please get in touch with - ( u ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . ok , so thank you and maybe if chiara . chiara- ( u ) thank you , bye . ( o ) yeah , thank you , bye bye . ( p ) bye , bye . ( o ) and chiara , you 're still available for some time ? ( ch ) yes . ( o ) yeah , that 's good . so i think , we should try- what what what can we try ? we do n't have access to the um , maybe you can , yes , if you know , you can tell us how to use the streaming from vlc that work for you . if you , if it work for you . ( ch ) we have n't found yet a solution- ( o ) ok . ( ch ) -of the tool prepare exactly an m3u8 starting from vlc . ( o ) yeah , ok , but is there- can you at least well , i do n't recognize if you are else . so can you also paste to the document you are l of any stream on the web . which has the same format as you are expecting ? and we should try to mimic this . ( ch ) i can provide you the exactly the one including in the- ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( m ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so that we know what we need to mimic . and what actually happened with the ban , it 's still confusing to me . because if i click play on the bunny stream- ( m ) it 's not over , it does not start at some time , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so this is not a live- it 's like streaming for me , but not for everybody . it 's not like broadcasting . i would like to avoid the the time time scale , well . the play should be only play and pause , but no way of jumping in time . so how does this work with real time streaming ? ( ch ) ok , in this case we have a playlist m3u8 actually already has all the ehm available chunks- bit of chunks . and this is the reason why you are able to skip in time . ehm , url connected to real-time streaming is provide . of course you will not have future video chance , you have just the right now chunk . and so you you will not be allowed to skipping time . ( m ) all right , the m3u8 format it 's it 's ehm list all the currently available chunks and the browser goes , again and again , fetching the m3u8 file , right ? and then it sees which part of the time is currently available and downloads those chunks and plays them . ( ch ) you should work exactly in this way . i 'm not guru of streaming video streaming button , as far as i know , it works exactly this way . i brought the google doc , the bunny m3u8 url , you can use to test it . there is also ehm setting , a configuration page in the presentation platform who will allow us to ehm configure the ehm for example the input stream ( ? ? ) language . also configure input languages . but as far as i 'm not able to to share my screen , i 'm not able to ex- to present it . ( o ) so so the , if i understood correctly , what you are talking about is the option to change the set of languages displayed under the elitr logo , right ? ( ch ) exactly . ( o ) and this is done on your side within like when starting this , right ? or is it on , no ? ( ch ) it could be manage real time , when up is already running . ( o ) ok , so there is no way- so it 's clicking somewhere hidden and or how do i do it ? ( ch ) ( ? ? ) of course you have to be registered , let 's say to the system as administrator . in this case you see the ehm the main page , possible by each one has ( ? ? ) the browser . ( o ) well , i did n't follow , like i could follow it was difficult for me to understand . but- ( ch ) sorry , ondrej . the configuration page where you are able to set the ( ? ? ) and the stream provided for each language . is not available to each user . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) but ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) ok . so in the meantime , tysin said that he was , he made himself available on slack . and i asked him to join the call . so maybe he 'll join the call if if we 're lucky . so if you have any questions on tyson , then he should appear here . but i 'm not sure if if this is already happening . no , i do n't see him yet . but that was half an hour ago when when he was available on slack . and he 's still like in green , but- no , so ? no . so , and google , firefox anywhere and google chrome on windows . i think we should we should try to wrap up , so i would like to ask everybody who is still on the call , to go through the the current state of the google document , and add whatever we have not recorded in the- and make make the transcript or summary of the messages clear . so try to clean this document now . because i 'm afraid that we have seen many things , but we have not taken appropriate record of all of them . to clean this , clean this up now . until tyson appears , if he does . google chrome on linux , ok . so chiara you mentioned three issues with this with the presentation platform . ( ch ) yes , it 's correct . ( o ) so what was- it was character in coding , subtitles not appearing , uh . and what else ? what was the third one ? ( ch ) we have to manage also character font size , and number of words displayed , of course . because , well , the application it 's dummy , it 's simply displays what he recieves . but i 'm managing it 's in the ehm integration worker , which is the one who has the minus pub fingerprint . i believe we are working still on those things . we have not yet tested the multiple output , but should be pretty transparent . and i'm- we have n't yet tested also the multiple sources for the same language . you know , for exampl- ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) the for example english subtitle with source italian audio or german audio and so . this- ( o ) this is- this is something which is - yeah , but it 's also like a design decision and i 'm not sure how what is the current handling of of this . it- do we think it should be the final end users who would be like choosing which english they want to see , or should it be us selecting the best english for them ? ( ch ) we will be ehm , there will be the administrators , then let 's say ( ? ? ) who will use the- ( o ) yeah , so , can we see the administration interface . is that the same with the credentials where the configuration happens ? ( ch ) unfortunately , i 'm not able- oh maybe it work , yes . the tu provider in e-mail in order to access the- ( o ) no . ( ch ) ok , then it 's not possible . because you have to register to the system , which actually means put ( ? ? ) i 'm able to display it on my desktop , but i 'm not able to- ( o ) you can not share it . ( ch ) in pexip , but it's- i can , maybe i can provide you a snapshot . could be a solution , let me- ( o ) so , so is there a url so that i would just type slash admin or something like that to force it to go to the admin screen ? ( ch ) exactly , the slash settings and ( ? ? ) ( o ) so slash- yeah , so the slash admin does not exist but what- it would be great if if this administrator web page would be simply like requested in the url . so what i'm- ( ch ) yes , it is . i paste you the url in the slack livestream , but actually it requires the credential . ( o ) you can not add my admin now . ( ch ) right now no , sorry . ( o ) so can you is your password too secret or ... ( ch ) no , i 'm going to- well , act- ok , try to put just my e-mail , it asks just e-mail . ( o ) so i 'll share , i 'll start , sorry , i 'll start sharing my screen so that you can verify if i 'm doing it right . s- end our screen , allow , so are you seeing my screen ? yes . ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) chiara canton- ( ch ) dot canton , perfect . ( o ) yeah , chiara dot canton at gmail dot com . right ? ( ch ) no , pervoice- ( o ) pervoice dot com . ( ch ) dot it . ( o ) dot it , ok . pervoice dot it . log in . and worked . ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) ok , excellent . so what what is this ? there is this video , ok ? so this can be changed . yeah . i do n't want to change the bugs bunny for now . ( ch ) there will be the default available languages which are ( ? ? ) displayed in the front page . ( o ) so , we can already put here all the target languages that we are , that we are aiming at , right ? ( ch ) yes . ( o ) so it will be also czech , can someone dictate to me from the google doc . it 's in the google doc if it 's clow down . czech , polish , hungarian , what else ? i 'll save it for now and default available- so what is this available language sources ? chiara . ( ch ) ok , if at the moment the definition of sources is static , it 's not dynamic , it 's pretty difficult to define exactly the logic of joining services and living services we 're still reasoning about it . but actually this will effect the next part of the configuration which is the one related to the language configuration . the sources are the audio sources . ( o ) so , actually one think that i thought of during the call and have not taken any note on that . is that we definitely need big grand map of all the fingerprints you are use through all the process . so we need to know what dominik should ask for we need to know what the worker should be- should register themself as , and then what should be displayed . so it 's it 's now like poppin- pokin- poppin- popping up one by one , we we 've learn that if we add dash pub it will be grabbed by the worker for the presentation platform . do we have this grand map of of fingerprints anywhere ? ( d ) we have the- we have admin web so we can we can see which workers are running and which fingerprints are they using . ( o ) yeah , but- ( d ) but we should have the map anyway . ( o ) we need the map because it 's different institutions who are starting the different workers and if they misregistered the worker if they use like mismatching fingerprint there is no way to make use of that worker . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so chiara , you have sure experience with with the slack maps . should it be a picture or what it 's what is the best layout for this ? ( ch ) in order to have the list of all workers the list of input and output it 's pretty , pretty much what we need , more important it- ( o ) no , no , it 's like once we have the idea of what is being connected to what then we know what the inputs and outputs are and it 's easy to use it . but the map is needed for the overall connection , what is connected to what . and this is what we are missing . ( ch ) and you run the for example the eb client , i know it 's pretty much an old tool , but when you run it one of the first thing it displays is exactly the path selected . we have completed the ( ? ? ) in order to aset only exact path and through this- ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) feature we can have a full control over selecting path . ( o ) yes , that 's good . but what i 'm saying is that if we do n't have the map , and if someone from karlsruhe runs a worker with some incompatible fingerprint so that the worker from edinburgh does not connect to it , then the path would not be accesible . there would be like gaps in the path . and we need- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) fingerprints before the the 27 of june meeting . ( o ) yeah , so the point is that if there is a worker connected to the mediator , there is no way for us to change it 's fingerprints . it registers with some particular fingerprints and these need to be compatible to to this surrounding workers . ( ch ) actually that for the one who runs the client is is not available this information , and simply provides if ( ? ? ) so there is no logic implemented in order to ehm change fingerprints to worker , because worker who be there or not or ( ? ? ) will not be available or it 's all delegated to who provides the service . ( d ) but , but at least i created bridge worker , i updated the backend smt worker so we can specify the fingerprints ( ? ? ) arguments and disconcert us bridge between workers . it 's only copy place to source to target . ( o ) yeah , so that 's the worst case for back solution . ( d ) yes , of course . ( o ) but we should ( ? ? ) because it 's it 's sends the data to one more computer and back . so with the with the map , does google , let 's let 's actually try with the drawing . so can i add- no this is add an image- let 's try , i 'll try creating a new google drawing document . google drawings , that 's it . and i 'll try sharing with with you all . so fingerprints map , share , anyone with the link and edit . so i 'm now putting link to this map to the google doc . try opening this as well . i 'll i 'll put it in two places . all this- we have n't discuss this . chiara , are you making it to prague ? ( ch ) sorry . ( o ) are you going to prague for the workshop ? did you talk to dario , was he succesfully impersuading you ? ( ch ) no , sorry , i really not be there , but actually it 's really important for me to be here in order to check ( ? ? ) and provide you technicals . ( o ) yeah , yeah , ok . so , can anyone access the fingerprints map drawing now ? so that we see- platform worker digest these fingerprints eneu pub . so do you see this ? can you see the , yep . ok , yeah . so there there is some , so chiara have you also access that that document . ( ch ) i can see your screen shared . ( o ) no , it would be better if you could access directly the document . and i heard someone- ( ch ) ok , i will try . ( o ) so tyson can see my screensharing but tyson in the call , but he he disconnected again , it 's confusing . he was not able to hear us . so please the way this drawing works is that you while you are editing an object , no one else sees it yet . so please create separate objects and do not edit , yeah . and do not edit the existing ones , so chiara could you please put all the fingerprints of the languages that the presentation platform responds you next to he object that i just created ? like underneath . ( ch ) ok , let me open it . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) it seems you have even to , even have to select different tool for it to appear for us . ( o ) ok . ( m ) just hitting enter it not seem to work . but now i see a blank text field from the anonymo- anonymous alligator and that 's filling right in . so i do n't know what 's going on . ( ch ) ok , i add in a different object the at the moment available fingerprints but please consider that it 's an instance running on my local pc . ( ? ? ) idea is to add just a minus pub to language- ( o ) but the german is different , and italian is different , so the english is , english has eun it 's not like gb , so that's- and we need the the full list of languages . so what i 'm going to do now is that i 'll paste the set of languages that we need to cover . yep . ( m ) i can , yeah you found it . ( o ) i found it . so how do i- so i 'll actually paste- oh , so someone was faster . ( m ) i did it . you can use it now . ( o ) yeah , so chiara i 'll paste it to your , oh this is too bad . and i can not - this does n't really work . it 's just too stupid . ( ? ? ) it 's simply too stupid . i pasted into the chiara 's , yeah . so we need cscz pub , so chiara is there any update on the presentation platform necessary to accept more more fingerprints ? ( ch ) yes you can reload the home page , you introduce new languages for example the czech , the hungarian , the polish , polak . and if you see in the home page there are more languages available now . ( o ) so the home page is this one , and i reload it , yes . so this is those that i introduced . and as- so simply by adding these languages to this list , the worker , it 's registering these new workers , right ? ( ch ) it 's not acting to the worker , it 's acting only on the webpage , and it saying the language available for the , for the user . it 's not- ( o ) yeah but- but backend also needs to know about them . so what is necessary in order to have the the languages as fingerprints the client can connect to and does give them the text . ( ch ) client it 's not connecting to the workers , it 's just- ( o ) it is , it is , when dominik , when dominik launches the client , i 'll say the way i understand it , but you need to correct me if i 'm wrong . so i think that dominik launches eb client and tells eb client , here is some audio with this fingerprint it german audio , and i want the target fingerprint find me a path for that and my desired target fingerprint is italian , italian pub text . and the the eb client connects to the mediator and the mediator find the path and the path will include the worker which digest italian text and produces italian pub . and that 's the worker- ( ch ) yes , ondrej , we have to agree on whos playing the client role . i was talking about the ( ? ? ) this case . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) the publication ( ? ? ) the user browser is the client . ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( ch ) and in this situation the client browser it 's it 's not connecting to the workers , it just recieves , recieves . ( o ) yes . ( ch ) yeah , yea , sorry . ( o ) so my question , my original question was when changing here in , i 'm still sharing the screen . so when i 'm changing the set of languages and i 'll add also the spanish here , es , this will affect obviously the buttons available on the front page . but there is no way that any spanish can appear here until dominik will run a pipeline which will end with spanish spain pub . and for this pipeline to to be access if all the path to be accessible there has to be the worker registered already with it mediator that emits the spanish spain pub fingerprint that i 'll put this fingerprint . ( ch ) yes , yes exactly . the- ( o ) so what is necessary , yeah . what is necessary to do this , to to have this worker available in the mediator ? ( ch ) in order to have the publication for example for the ehm spanish language we have just to add it in our worker configuration . of course the presentation worker , let 's say would be run by pervoice . we have just to configure all the require the worker and let them run it . ( o ) yeah , so please do it with the set of languages that we need for the- so it 's now fingerprint . so i- well i 'm making these up , so i 'm not sure if i'm- if is this standard ( ? ? ) so for english we are using the eu , for for dutch it 's spoken in belgium and the netherlands should we also use the eu ? ( ch ) well , it 's just a matter of ( ? ? ) for me . ( o ) so you do n't care . and you have no- ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , so and let 's also do the french eu pub right ? because we have , we do n't have any french ? we 're not sure . ( m ) we have the names of the participants . they 're , we ca n't exactly ask them about their ( ? ? ) so the only way you can do is use the same ( ? ? ) ( o ) so could you do it ? ( m ) nah , i wo n't . i do n't want to have anything with social media . sorry . ( o ) no , just google for their names . or the names if they sound french , then we have to- ( m ) well , to my collegue they sound non french . ( o ) non french . ( m ) because i do n't know how to translate ( o ) yeah , vlamish . ( ch ) sorry , sorry ondrej . the developmenting is asking me if you 're running windows ten . ( o ) no , i 'm running linux . ( ch ) you 're running linux , ok . ( o ) milo\u0161 i can not hear you now from the pexip . i 'm ( ? ? ) and tell us about your windows version . ( m ) this thing is windows 10 and this is windows 7 , but does not have a microphone with , so it 's not running . ( o ) yeah , but for the , and you have tried and you have google chrome on which of those ? ( m ) i think on both . ( o ) and there is still not hearing anymore ? ( m ) no i do n't have it here . ( o ) does it work on chromium ? ( ch ) you guys of course the browser , maybe it 's related to windows firewall but you are running linux , we have to check it , ok . actually it work also on my mobile device , so maybe you can try with your android device to connect to the presentation platform by using browser . it should be already optimize for also mobile mobile usage . but this this problem with windows has confused me , because al- me you , me too i usually work on linux and it works pretty well in my situation , maybe it 's something related also to as your firewall we have to check it . ( m ) because i have , on the windows 7 , i 'm to nlt connection and that should not be too many firewalls in the way . and then also not seeing it . by the way , for the optimization i i was wondering if i have bigger screen , now the slides are quite small . but there be option to make it bigger ? because as of now this is hardly hardly awesome . ( o ) i 'm not sure if i 'm , i 'm sharing the screen , i 'll share my camera instead . i 'll stop sharing my screen , how do i , stop that . ( m ) it 's small . ( ch ) thank you . ( o ) i 'll stop sharing my screen but milo\u0161 show this . so this is what the participants are eventually are going to see . they will sit in front of a notebook , each one of them and they will see the subtitles and the slides . and the slides are reduced way too much . so the full screen is not sufficiant default screen , that 's the question . essentially . ( m ) yeah , and there 's a lot of blank blue space . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) which definitely could be reduce when there is only one line of subtitles . ( o ) so milo\u0161 could hit as eleven or twelve- ( ch ) sorry could you- ( m ) and now it 's even worse . ( o ) yeah , so this is this is the full screen mode of the web browser , what you 're seeing in the webcam from my pexip , right ? and that 's the view of what the participants at the workshop would see . and we would like to make use better use of the space of the screen . so we would like the stream video to take configurable or at least much larger space of the screen . ( ch ) ok , we can reason about it . i think it 's optimize in relation to the mobile usage , because mobile will probably require more space for for subtitles . ( o ) for the subtitles . yeah , so can you , this is some css fighting . so , so can you make sure it 's for the workshop in two weeks now , it 's more important to have it optimized for the desktop rather than for the mobile phone . ( ch ) ok , ok . ( o ) but- ( ch ) i write it immediately . ( o ) yeah . i 'll try actually elitr dot pervoice dot com . ( m ) also small ( ? ? ) given the small set of languages now- ( o ) so this is my , this is my screen and also i think it 's like not really- so the bugs bunny works yes , it 's good . it 's firefox , but i 'll try to rotating it . ( m ) ( ? ? ) that 's even worse . ( o ) but i can scroll it . so actually after scrolling this is probably the what 's it optimize for at the moment , right ? do you agree chiara ? ( m ) that 's probably the wrong way , it would be better to have it optimized for being vertical , because then you have space for the subtitles . now you are just , yeah . ( o ) so chiara are- ( ch ) yes , as i told you we are working much more on functionality than on the- ( o ) that's- we 're not complaining , so it 's , i wanted to say this up front . it 's it 's great what you have already . we 're , but we 're thinking what what are the minimum changes that would make it like much more usable with as little effort as you have . so , i think it 's usable in the in the horizontal mode because then there is more , it 's it 's hard to say where is more space . ( m ) depends on how many languages you will want to see . ( o ) mmm exactly . yeah . so maybe i think you can for the cell phone usage it looks really good to me . i think it would be ok already now . for the desktops it would be better to to have the subt- the video larger . ( m ) and it seems it works for the cellphone very well that it adapts to the size of the screen , i wonder why does the same code can not be used on the desktop . ( ch ) well , you know it 's different , the browser used on the mobile phone probably . well , actu- i think probably at the moment the css is operate the same we have to introduce- ( o ) to different ones . ( ch ) and i 'm i 'm not webdesigner- ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) but for the , this is the issue . if you like to have a bigger video screen text , i can ( ? ? ) note and i will ask them . ( o ) yes . i think- ( ch ) available for june . ( o ) yeah , the shortest version of this request would be to not limit the with of the slides rectangle on the desktop . it should also happily use the whole the full width of of that . of the screen ( ch ) but- ( o ) there 's there 's the subtitles will be below that . ( ch ) exactly . the problem is to let still the subtitle to be displayed . you also asked for having at least , well at the most using 2 languages available . ( o ) and you support many more , which is good , i like that . ( ch ) yes , it 's pretty , it 's it 's nice , but of course they will require some kind of space . yesterday we actually we tried for the full screen mode to prepare let 's say a kind of overlapping , you know the the ( ? ? ) , but we have n't found a solution and it 's actually it 's it 's nothing in problem to , to develop it . and not not for june , i 'm sorry . but we reason about it . ( o ) yeah , and when i 'm thinking of is , can you , could you , could you share with us the code for the not all , maybe maybe not all of the presentation platform but like the bare bones which has the text thing , like the logic that converse the the words to where is that being displayed ? so , because you mention the number of where is that should be displayed . so there is some logic in your set up . so this- ( ch ) it 's not the idea presentation platform ( ? ? ) the worker , in the worker logic . i 'm not allowed to share the whole worker logic because actually we have a really complex project . and it 's difficult to explain to someone else also how how it work . but i can prepare some kind of snippet and i can share them for sure . ( o ) so the reason i 'm asking for this is the clie- the console client presentation platform . something which we could launch ourselves and the only thing it will be doing would be showing the text in terminal window . and this is something that would help us to to use the video mixer if we use some transparent transparent ehm terminal on green screen . so like extracting this worker logic from your worker of the presentation platform would be very useful for for us . for the purposes of of the video mixing . because it we we could make it clie- console operation worker . ( ch ) i 'm reasoning about it because at the moment , the the worker , the publi- the publication worker returns exactly the packet recieved and not the one published . but maybe it could send back the published subtitles so that you can catch the subtitle directly from the the client running . ( o ) that 's right , yes . ( ch ) the idea . ok . ( o ) or maybe , maybe it 's if it 's easy i do n't know how easy is it in the code , but if you could register the worker when you 're starting the worker that feeds the presentation platform . if it could register itself twice , once by pro- offering the dash pub thing , and that would be only copying thing exactly , and the other one would be like dash pub presented or whatever and that would be ( ? ? ) thing . is that possible ? so that the same worker would offer two output , one would be so that you can connect it and it does n't change the the stream and the other one would be the one that we could then directly use as the console client . ( ch ) i have to reason about it , i 'm not sure about the answer , sorry . ( o ) what is- yeah , ok . so is there still anything that we need to discuss ? so i think the most important thing for now is the map of the fingerprints . i 'm not sharing my screen , i 'll start sharing my screen again . ( ch ) oh , yes . we 'll be preparing the map . ( o ) yes . allow . so i 'm sharing my screen . so i think we need to make sure this set of languages is is there . and we need everybody , so i 'll ask everyone on the call today at 1 to contribute to this map and everybody needs to check that their workers are like signing themself with the right , with the right fingerprints . ( ch ) yes , please consider that at the moment , the publication worker it 's running on my local pc . when it will be sufficiently stable it will be deployed on asure . so please do n't run a lot of test with it , because i 'm also debugging and checking this functionality . so in general- ( o ) ok . ( ch ) in general i suggest you to forget about the presentation platform till monday . so we can test and improve the functionality . and also check these nasty things of browser , windows , so whatever . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( ch ) firewalls and whatever . ( o ) ok . so i think we 're we should stop the call . like i do n't know how about you but i 'm i 'm getting exhausted . for , and i 'm not sure if tyson is here if he can hear us or not . yeah , well . ( ch ) for monday we say we say the time which was from ? ( o ) 11 . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) so i 'll actually put it right into the at the beginning of this call . so monday , and it will be what would be the date on monday . yeah , 17 6 , and only only ( ? ? ) and chiara expected and the goal for monday was to test more languages in presentation platform . or what was the- ( ch ) well , since i will not be available for part of the week , maybe we can try to ( ? ? ) let 's say everything we have to check on friday . so the multiple language fingerprint path selection and hopefully , of course the multiple publishing system on the presentation platform . ( o ) yeah and also custom different video . different video streams . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) and the goal for friday was the full work allow needed . i all audio inputs and all target languages in the presentation platform , right ? i 'm now editing the top , you 're seeing it in in my screeshare i guess . yeah , so here rico and phil will be absent . everyone else please come . ok . i think that 's it , right ? we also need a break before the main . so tyso- , yeah so tyson , were you here ? we do n't know . i i saw tyson for a while , i 'm not sure if he was here at all . yeah . so chiara thanks a lot . tyson if you are here , thank you as well . but may ( ? ? ) with chiara- ( ch ) yes . i 'm sorry it did n't work today , but actually ( ? ? ) ( o ) that 's it 's no no , you 're pretty fire , this is perfect . this is this is very good , like i 'm not really relieved yet , but- i 'm not anymore nervous that i was before . actually , quite on the contrarily . so that 's that 's good . ok so thanks a lot and talk to you on monday . and try to clean up the google document this one , on the prepare to the calls if i misunderstood something or if if there 's if some of the notes do n't make sense please make it explicit so that we , yeah . so that we know what is what is happening . ok , thank you chiara , i 'll close the call now if i 'm able to and we start packing things here . ( ch ) bye . ( o ) yeah , thank you , bye bye .", "tgt": "german asr will be available only for 20minutes . edinburgh could summarize what they have recorded . german asr is not working right now . english subtitles should have utf8 . english subtitle with source italian audio or german audio . default available languages displayed in the front page . have bigger subtitles for bigger screen . try to clean up the google document . need fingerprints before the 27 of june meeting . 17 _ 6 monday meeting ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi mohammad . does it work ? can you hear me ? ( m ) hello ondrej , yes i can . ( o ) yeah , yeah , great . so thanks for joining the call . i was just curious whether ebrahim already had a chance to talk to you today . because today in the morning we discussed the manual evaluation with ebrahim . did he already talk to you or not yet ? ( m ) no . we we want to talk together at n- . ( o ) so sorry , when ? ( m ) . tonight . ( o ) . tonight , yeah , yeah . so so you now have the emails from me and ebrahim will explain all the details . in essence , we were offered to by by microsoft that they will run manual evaluation of primary submissions of sl of our task in iw slt and i would like to add also the human outputs . so not just the references because the references are too well aligned with the source segments . this evaluation will not be specific for the asrs . so to be directly the end to end spoken language translation . the intermediate asr is not not part of the evaluation . and therefore the segmentation is important . so , please have a look at the emails . and i think you maybe already have have looked at have like looked at them . so , please let me know if anything is not clear . and i hope that it 's not like not too complicated and that and that ebrahim will explain everything tonight . so , it 's yeah . this is just like a heads up or an explanation of the emails from me . ( m ) yeah . thanks . ( o ) . okay . thank you . so we have sangeet here . we have dominik and nobody else . that 's strange . so maybe they all the students are learning for various exams . and the surge has ended , uh , like in some way the surge is over because the- . we were doing the preparations for the congress which got cancelled but i still like this to to keep this date so that the team synchronises . so , it 's not not so many external people here any more but at least it 's us . so , uh , one thing that i still had not written to you is that i 've actually indeed s distributed some money to you based on the surge points table . so , in your pays that you will receive during june , there will be some extra bonuses for the works that you have done on on the surge . so , the that 's i i managed to to finish the plan as as it was planned . and s so hopefully you will you will really notice some little bit of of bonuses for your efforts . so thanks for that . and now let 's quickly go over the updates . so , i was very busy with interpret interviewing people who could join elitr and other projects . and then i left the demo supervision to pervoice . all the partners are struggling to get all the systems running and new date a new date is being selected now . so , there will be some efforts in the coming days . not many days . for before the the demo , because the demo will happen in a week or possibly two weeks from now . depending on on the date chosen . and we are obviously working , everybody working on the deliverables . and i just talked about the iw slt evaluation that will happen manually in addition to the automatic one which is part of the paper . so that 's that 's from me . uh , dominik , are you here ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so i 've sent you an email and i forgot what was what the the topic of that email . that was already on friday . about- yeah , that was the- like the the the project thing where you 're at . ( d ) okay , about ( ? got you ? ) ( o ) yes about ( ? got you ? ) so , have you responded or ot ? ( d ) yes , i have . ( o ) oh , okay , i missed that one . ( d ) i have just confirmed that i agree . ( o ) okay , great . yeah . ( d ) that i would prefer not to write the book . ( o ) and and sorry say it again . and , and . ( d ) and no about the book . ( o ) yeah , okay , great . yeah . yeah . that 's perfect . so let's- . we we 'll do it , yeah . great . so thanks . and now for your progress . ( d ) so i am downloading the corpus from the european parliament from ( ? ? ? ? ) there are the original originals transcriptions and translations and interpreting . and i 'm having some progress and i think that in one week we could have some talks probably aligned . and in 2 to 4 weeks or in more we could have publication of the corpus . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and i'm- . and right now i 'm learning to use the continuous speak diarisation and it seems to be working very well . ( o ) okay . ( d ) so i can split the speakers by this . maybe we need go go through the coup to split the speeches manually and align them with with text . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) we will see . ( o ) . yeah , that 's great . does the diarisation work also online ? is there any chance to run it online or is it only offline ? i think it 's only offline . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so , anyway . oh , i 'm sorry . anyway , please make it like a make it a tool so that anya can use it for the minuting . ( d ) i can show you which format does it produce or what output i get from it . ( o ) yeah . okay . that 's , that 's good . ( d ) i 'm sharing- . so can you se- . ( o ) i can see myself . ( d ) can you see the short screen ? ( o ) yes . ( d ) so this is- this one is the fs19 is one speaker and- ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and somewhere here it 's another speaker . and- . ( o ) and the m ? m is another speaker , right ? that 's like a- . ( d ) yes . ( o ) does it also distinguish males and females ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) okay . ( d ) and and we are in the gap there is some some gap . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and this is the original and here below is czech interpret , interpretation and it 's in ( ? ? ? ) audio . ( ? anoher _ language ? ) ( o ) mhm . and i think this is audacity actually . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so audacity also allows to show such annotation of a of the sound , right ? ( d ) yes . it has here like this and i can rewrite them from home . ( o ) okay . so mohammad , if you also see the screen , this is something which also could be avaluable . for the various preparations of the iw slt test sets . . ( d ) and here and i finish the upload the labels and save them in text as a text file . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) yeah . so this this is all . ( o ) yeah , okay . great . thank you . so the last question on the call is sangeet . and sangeet has been working on various test sessions . so dominik if you can mute yourself again so i do n't hear . yeah . great . ( s ) yes . ( o ) yeah . so sangeet , please present and i will mute myself because i am in the same room . ( s ) yes , so actually i- so basically i was calculation the word error rate of german transcripts and here is the table in the google document . so i think overall for both mayrbaurl and shaefers the adapted talk level version of asr worker which you last presented is slightly better than those already existing . apart form that i was also busy with various test sessions with felix and ivan and yesterday i i generated . because yesterday all the all the segmenters were back for the first time after the power failure at the ( ? ? ? ) . i quickly managed to generate all the logs before they lose again . and i , i 've requested mohammad to evaluate those . and log files . to to get the bleu scores for those . ( o ) okay . yeah . so ble scores , uh , uh , pending . ( s ) and translations yeah . mohammad should provide them , right ? ( m ) yeah , but ondrej . ( o ) yeah . ( o ) you . i i would like to evaluate this with sacrebleu not a- . ( o ) yes . sacrebleu , not nltk bleu . forget nltk bleu . let 's not use nltk . ( m ) . yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah , okay . yeah . so when i say ble scores i mean in general so uh . sacre ble- yeah . okay . ( s ) yeah , so this was the major thing . ( o ) okay . so do we have other files which also have transcripts ? i remember this this czech speeches . we could also do the same for english , right ? ( s ) uh , czech is fl- . you mean a translations for the czech videos ? ( o ) so , no . just the word error rates . so the these two files are the only ones where we have the reference translation . we do n't have any reference translation for the german speech , the the german short video , the german long video neither . so , uh , neither for , well , we do have basically . basically . we have for the- . ( s ) we have downloaded the yout the subtitles from youtube . and some of them were manually devised and some of them were youtube automatically youtube 's automatically generated . ( o ) but which were manually revised ? uh , and they were not translated . ( s ) no , they were n they were not translated . a and i am not sure what which of them were manually and which of them were automatic , but in the directory i have specified using the naming prefix . ( o ) yeah . so that is evaluation for czech to uh uh in german translation . and then uh evaluation uh for the d.e . uh uh s everything . test uh uh or session or videos . here we could measure the wr for the consensus d\u00e9mocratie because we have the transcript right ? consensus d\u00e9mocratie . and also for the- . and also fix the the short german one ( ? die flege ? ) yeah . definitely . ( ? pflege reform ? ) ( s ) yeah . certainly . yes . ( o ) and we do not have uh any translations for this , right ? and actually the czech to german , uh , this can not work . or this this is czech word error rate , right ? ( s ) yeah . yeah . yeah . ( o ) cs asr . uh , but then for the czech into the others we do n't have the reference . ( s ) no , no we do n't . quite rightly . ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so the so the bleu scores can not be calculated , right ? ( s ) yes ( ? ? ? ? ) calculate the word error rate . ( o ) yeah , so what what what we can do , uh , is evaluation for english into czech and german translation . ( s ) and dominik also proposed that if if we have the very less number of documents assessing the worker based on the bleu scores we should do it carefully . ( o ) yes , exactly . so obviously these these numbers are not reliable . i am not saying that these numbers- ( s ) yes , exactly . ( o ) but these numbers- . i think it would be very good , once we select the videos , it would be very good to present the videos . and tell the people and by the way this was the word error rate of something something . and this was the ble scores of something something . or we can tell them numbers in advance as well . so this is like to give people a very rough idea of the correspondence between the quality and the , uh , uh and the score . ( s ) okay . ( o ) so yes . choosing the the system is not like- . fo- . based on this i would actually really like to see the general performance and the talk level adapted performance . ( s ) mhm , mhm . ( o ) yeah . for the- so have you , have you already run the other ? do you have the log files for this ? for the for the same mayrbaurl . ( s ) yes , yeah we have the log files . but i am not sure if we have the reference translations for this . ( o ) we do ! uh , we do ! this is this is the part of iw slt . we we do have that . so this is en asr and i 'll just delete these and i 'll delete these . so these should be there . and the bleu scores bleu scores sh- . ( s ) ( ? ? ? ? ) columns here for english if we take a czech . ( o ) no , no let 's let 's . ( s ) okay this english , okay , okay . ( o ) so this is like a- . this part . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) is probably not going to be presented . it 's it's- . i am not sure if we are going to present it . because it is the uh , uh the interpreter is speaking , the consecutive interpreter is speaking . and not the original speaker . so the original speaker like sits in the video and does n't talk , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah . but this part is the part where we are planning to run it ? ( s ) yeah , if the original speaker speak himself . ( o ) yeah , and so and and we do have the translations for that . so . ( s ) tra- , yeah . you mean automatic translations ? ( o ) the , yes . not other way we have the reference translations . ( s ) okay , i i 've never seen them that that 's why i 'm bit confused about this . ( o ) that 's the iw slt test set . we have them . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so we need to- . ( s ) yeah , yeah okay . exactly , you you 're right . you 're right . i have n't ( ? ? ? ? ) you 're right . ( o ) yeah . so , uh , so do you see them now in the directory ? can you can you look at them ? can you look at the references ? so this is this is something that that mohammad should calculate the scores for . and and you should provide , uh , the word error rate . ( s ) ( ? ? ? ? ? ) still try to look at it . yes , we have the czech and the german as well , which is the textual translation czech . ( o ) mhm yes , exactly . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah . so , please finish this table . ideally today . because if i understand correctly nothing is mi missing . ( s ) yeah . and , okay . ( o ) and here for the the german source videos we can do it as well . and we have only the general so there is nothing like adaptation . ( s ) which we do german . it was called- . so yeah , here we have the manually revised transcript as well the youtube transcript as well as the automatically generated one . ( o ) so use the manually revised one . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so a after the call we will chose the videos and i think that yeah we can actually try everything in in in the demo because it 's very easy to to start it now since you have all the scripts . ( s ) mhm . mhm . ( o ) so the ( ? die flege ? ) should work reasonably well , except that it 's austrian deuch austrian german and not german german . and for czech we do n't have the correct transcript . or do we ? do we have the correct transcript for the short video , for the 3 minute one ? i think i did it as well , did n't i ? ( s ) let me check which was a ( ? ? ? ? ) no , there are no transcripts here in the directory . ( o ) so by the way the shaefers file . the czech shaefers oh no no no sorry the english shaefers . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) so the czech shaefers is a a like conference call lower quality . so there will be a big difference probably between the mayrbaurl and shaefers . shaefers will be much worse in terms of word error rate . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) okay . so please please sangeet provide provide the missing- . oh , sorry . provide the missing numbers . ( s ) yes , yes , yes . ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) and we will will decide . and that 's that 's it . so , uh- . and we have already . so we had- . mohammad , we have discussed things during wr already . now that talkaniser is part of slt f and- . edit talkaniser as a pre-processing for amber segmenter , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah . so the amber . the segmentation is now more reliable . yeah . and you ran the asr rf over antrecorp iw slt . why was this ? i forgot . ( m ) uh , dominik wanted it . ( o ) okay . ( d ) for slides , it 's showing both coming few days . but it will be- . ( o ) for the iw slt slides . but actually as the time is getting short . we have only week to do the recording . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so . ( d ) i can start doing it on thursday , for example . ( o ) yeah . so sangeet , when we ran these demos please , please make sure that we use zoom or whatever . and we record it . because we do want this recording to be part of the , uh , part of the video by dominik as well . ( d ) i 've i 've received an email from slideslive with some instructions . so i i 'm going to do it by then . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and through slideslive we are going to present slides and and heve the video and they will match it . it will be easy for us . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) so dominik . will you be physically present here when you do it ? or- ? so what i think that we could use the camera that we use for the seminar . ( d ) yes , we can use the camera . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) yeah so there is a slideslive , i thought i 've done slideslive during the semester recordings . uh , it requires- . the easiest is to present slides from the windows machine and they have an application that you click record and it records the screen where you have the slides . and then they merge it , uh , with the video of the speaker . ( s ) mhm . so what i propose is that i can have the camera recording dominik physically . and any computer screen during the sreaming to get the subtitles ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) so i think that the the videos- . we should like not mix the two things . i think one thing is dominik presenting the slides and the slideslive windows machine recording when the slides are shown and dominik talking to them . and and record it on the the hand handicam that we have . and the separate thing is the screen recorded , uh , streaming for the demo . and that , i think the easiest way is like to pass it through zoom or something which which can record it . because we need something san synchronisation there . or can you do the recording of the screen including the sound ? ( s ) mhm . yes , yeah i can i think . ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) okay , yeah , okay . so , let's- . these two things definitely should not be mixed . and i think in dominik 's slides there should be a slide: `` and now the demo '' . and then dominik will just say: `` and now we will we will present the demo . '' then make a pause . and in that pause we or slideslive will will cut in like cut and paste the screen cast one . ( s ) mhm . so if i 'm right dominik so when dominik will be presenting this live and also the live transcription will also be captured . is that correct ? ( o ) oh . was , was that a plan ? dominik , did you ? ( d ) no , i do n't know how how to create subtitles . maybe the slideslive creates subtitles . i 'm not- . ( o ) no . ( d ) and scripts . ( o ) like i have n't seen that from them . i do n't think- . i 'm not sure they have it . ( d ) okay , yeah . so , i do n't have any plants for subtitles of the speech . ( o ) yeah . i would not plan that either . because we know that it is it is possible to do it . we have done it for my my ufal tall but uh it it 's fragile . ( s ) it 's a bit complicated yeah . it 's a little bit . ( ? ? ? ? ? ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so the better option actually is to after recording ddominik 's speech to have the subtitles to have it recognised and use the tool by vilem to convert it to youtube subtitles . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so , that 's something that we could do . ( s ) yeah , so that way it will be synchronised . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) okay , so these files will be also used in the video recording of uh for for dominik 's so- . and i 'll say it- . i 'm terrible saying these files because- . actually not these ones . because this is the exact test sets from the iw slt task . so that 's to why i think it 's a good idea to present these . and these files could be could be could also be used , ah okay . so here the idea is that it 's the correct domain and the exact files which were part of the test set . and here the idea is it 's the czech that is being presented and it 's not evaluated in the share task . but we can show how the system runs the- . like delivers translation from some strange language into english , which everybody will understand . so this is like more fun for the audience . where this is more in line with the actual task . so dominik , think about these two options . what would you prefer to have in the video . and i think that both would make sense . ( d ) okay , i will see . ( o ) okay . so i think that 's that 's it , right ? i do n't have any other ideas . so we managed it in the in the half hour . that 's great . so thanks a lot . and again , let 's plan to have this quick meeting next week . so that we are up up to date . but next week we already should have the dominik 's presentation finished . and the recordings , uh , done . so there is a lot of things to to be done before , before next week . before next tuesday . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) okay , thanks very much . thank you . bye bye . ( s ) thanks everybody . ( m ) bye .", "tgt": "manual evaluation of iw slt primary submissions - microsoft has offered to perform manual evaluation of primary submissions in iw slt and potentially of the human outputs as well . this is in addition to the automatic evaluation which is part of the paper . the intermediate asr is not part of the evaluation and therefore segmentation is important . continuous speak diarisation \u2013 to be made into tool that is to be used for minuting . currently it enables to recognise male and female speakers and is able to split them , functionality also allows to show annotation of the sound . however , further adaptation is required as the system is currently working offline only . project demo presentation . new date is currently being selected ( likely in 1-2 weeks time ) as external partners have been currently unable to run all required systems . evaluation to be performed for the english into czech and german translation ( via sacrebleu ) . the correspondence between the quality and the word error rate score to be shown as well as the general and talk level adapted performance where applicable . talkaniser to be edited as a pre-processing for the amber segmenter . to prepare screen recorded streaming of the presentation inclusive sound to allow synchronisation . life transcription is not part of the presentation . the right file recordings and presentation tools are to be selected . windows based system has been recommended . preparation commenced with slideslive . deadlines in place: 16 june 2020 for the recordings and demo presentation preparation . surge team has been restructured as the main task was preparation for a congress that has been now cancelled . the streamlined team is in place now . additional potential members are being interviewed . bonuses for the works performed on the surge will be distributed in the june pay ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi mohammed ( ? ? ) work ? can you hear me ? ( m ) hello ondrej . yes i can . ( o ) yeah , great . so thanks for joining the call . i was just curious whether brought him already had chance to talk to you today , because today in the morning , we discussed the manual evaluation with ibrahim . did he already talk to you or not yet ? ( m ) no , ( ? ? ) together . ( o ) sorry , when ? ( m ) tonight . ( o ) tonight . yeah . so so you now have the emails from me and ibrahim will explain all the details . in essence , we were offered to , by microsoft , they were run manual evaluation of primary submissions of ( ? ? ) and i would like to add also human outputs , so no just the references , because the references are too ( ? ? ) with a sort segments . aa , this evaluation will not be specific for asr so it will be directly ( ? ? ) . the ( ? ? ) asr is not a part of the evaluation , and therefore the segmentation is important . so . so please have a look at the emails and i think you maybe already have a , a have looked . have look at them . ehm . so . please , let me know , if anything is not clear and i hope that its like its not too complicated that , and that ibrahim will explain everything tonight . so . yeah , this is just like ( ? ? ) or an explanation of the emails from me . ( m ) yeah , thanks . ( o ) ok . thank you . so a , we have sandy here . we have dominik , and nobody else . then thats strange . so maybe they all the students are learning for various exams . and the search has ended , like in in in in some way , the search is over because thee we were doing the preparation for the congress which got canceled , but i still like this to to keep this date . so the the team synchronizes . so its not not so many external people here anymore , bunch at least it 's us . so . one thing that i still had not written to you . is that ( ? ? ) indeed distributed some money to you based on the search point stable . so in your pace that you will receive during june . there will be some extra bonuses for the works that you have done on the search . so that 's i managed you to finish the plan as it was planned and hopefully you will really noticed some little bit bonuses for your efforts so thanks ( ? ? ) and now lets quickly go over the updates . so i was very busy with interviewing people who join elitr and other projects . and then i left the demo supervision to ( ? ? ) . all the partners are struggling through the get all the systems running in the new date . new date is being selected now . so there will be some efforts in the coming days , not many days for , before the , the demo , because the demo will happen in a week , or possibly two weeks from now , depending on a day chosen . and um , we are obviously working um , everybody working on deliverables , and i just talk about the ( ? ? ) evaluation . that will happen manually in addition to the automatic one , which is part of the paper . so that 's from me . dominic are you here ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) so i sent you an email and i forgot what was the topic ( ? ? ) the project thing ( ? ? ) . have you responded or not ? ( d ) yes , i have . ( o ) oh , okay . i miss that one . ( d ) ( ? ? ) confirmed that i agree . ( o ) ok . great . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) and sorry , said again ? ( d ) and know about a book . ( o ) yeah , ok . great . that 's perfect . so let 's do it . yeah . great , so thanks , and now for your progress . ( d ) so i am downloading ( ? ) there are already know transcriptions and translations and ( ? ? ) and i am having some progress and i think that in one week we could have some talks ( ? ? ) in four weeks we could have ( ? ? ) corpus . and right now i am learning to use ( ? ? ) and it seems working very well . ( o ) okay . ( d ) i cant ( ? ? ) the speaker ( ? ? ) maybe we need to go through the ( ? ? ) manually and aline them with text . ( o ) yeah , that 's great does the diarization work also online ? is there any chance to run it online , or is it only offline . ( d ) i think it 's only offline . ( o ) yeah , yeah so anyway- am sorry . anyways please make it like , make it tools so that anna can use it for the ( ? ? ) . ( d ) i can show you which one ( ? ? ) i get from it . ( o ) yeah , okay that 's good . ( d ) i 'm sharing . so can you . ( o ) i can see myself . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yes . ( d ) yes , so this is ( ? ? ) is one speaker and somewhere here is another speaker and- ( o ) and the m is another speaker right ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) thats like , he also distinguished males and females ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) okay . ( d ) and during the gap there is some ( ? ? ) . ( o ) hmm . ( d ) and this is the original and here below is czech interpretation and its , i can play the audio . ( o ) hmm , and i see this is all the ( ? ? ) . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so ( ? ? ) also allow to show such annotation of the sound right . ( d ) yes . it have here labels and i can rewrite them from home . ( o ) okay . so mohammad if you also see this screen , this is something which also could be valuable for various ( ? ? ) of the elitr ( ? ? ) . ( d ) and here need allow to upload the labels and save them in text also textfile . so , this is all . ( o ) ok . great . thank you . so then the last person on the call is ( ? ? ) . and sanged has been working on the various ( ? ? ) . so dominik if you ( ? ? ) . yeah . great . yeah , so sanged please present and i\u00b4ll mute myself because i am in the same room . ( s ) yes , so i am actually outside . so basically i ( ? ? ) on german transcripts and here is the ( ? ? ) google document . so i think all ( ? ? ) the adapted ( ? ? ) is our worker which ( ? ? ) is slightly better than those ( ? ? ) the existing . ( ? ? ) i was also busy with ( ? ? ) session with ( ? ? ) yesterday i ( ? ? ) for the first time ( ? ? ) and i could ( ? ? ) before lose the game . and i have requested mohammed to run windows ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ( o ) okay . so bless scores a pending- ( s ) ( ? ? ) as a pr . ( o ) mohammad should provide them , right ? ( s ) yes . ( s ) but ondrej - ( o ) yeah . ( m ) i would like to evaluate these ( ? ? ) not a- ( o ) yes sacre bleu not eltk , forget eltk cable , lets not use eltk . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah . when i say , '' bless course , i mean in general . so , a sacre bleu . ( s ) yeas , so ( ? ? ) thing . ( o ) ok , so . do we have other files , which also has transcripts ? i remember this czech speeches . we could also do the same for english . ( s ) czech ? you mean translations for the czech videos ? ( o ) so no . i just leave error rates . so , these two files are the only ones where we have the reference translation . we do not have any reference translation for the a german speech , the the german short video , german long video , neither , so , neither , for . well , we do have- ( s ) we have downloaded the subtitles from youtube and some of them were manually revise and some of them where youtube automatically generated . ( o ) but which were manually revised , and they were not translated . ( s ) nono , they were not translated , iam not sure which of them were manually and which of them automatic , but in the directory i have specified using a ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , so that is evolution for checked you uh , in german translation . and then evaluation for d , e everything test- , no videos , here we could measure word for the constants ( ? ? ) because we have a transcript , right ? uh . and , also for the , also fix them the short german one deep flag , ( s ) reformed ( ? ? ) . ( o ) ( ? ? ) . and we do not have any translations for this , right ? and , actually the czech to german , this can not work . or this . this is czech ( ? ? ) , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) ( ? ? ) but then for the czech into the others we do n't have the reference . ( s ) no , we dont have unluckily- ( o ) yes , so the bless course can not be calculated right ? ( s ) yeah , ( ? ? ) calculated ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . so what we can do is evaluation for english into czech and german translation . ( s ) and dominik also propose that if we ( ? ? ) number of documents assessing the worker based on blue scores we should do it carefully . ( o ) yes , exactly so obviously these numbers are not reliable . am not saying that these numbers- ( s ) exactly ( o ) - but these numbers i think it would be very good once we select the videos it would be very good to present the videos and tell the people and by the way this was the word ( ? ? ) of something , something and this was the bless course of something , something . or maybe we can tell the numbers in advance as well . ( s ) hm . so this is like to give people a very rough idea of the correspondence between the quality and the , a , and the score . so uh . so yes , choosing the . the system is not like based on this . i would actually really like to see the general performance and the , talk level adapted performance . ( s ) ehm . ( o ) yeah . for the . so have you already run the other ? do you have the lock files for this ? for the same- ( s ) yeah , we have the ( ? ? ) but iam not sure if we have the reference translation . ( o ) oh we do , we do . this is . this is the part of the ( ? ? ) . we do have that . so this is the inasr and then i\u00b4ll just delete these and i delete these , so this should be there . and bless course . ( s ) ( ? ? ) for english , eh , for czech and - ( o ) no , no , lets . ( s ) - oh its english , this is english okay , okay . ( o ) so this is like this part is a probably not going to be presented . its . i 'm not sure if we are going to present it . because it is a the interpreter is speaking , the ( ? ? ) interpreter is speaking and not the original speaker . so the original speaker like sits in the video and does n't talk right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah , but this part is the part where we are planning to run it , ( s ) yeah . here the original speaker speaks himself . ( o ) yeah . and uh , so uh , and and we do have the translations for that . so . ( s ) yeah . you mean automatic translations ? ( o ) yes , no ( ? ? ) we have the reference translations . ( s ) okay , i ( ? ? ) that 's why i am confused ( ? ? ) . ( o ) that 's the ( ? ? ) test set . we have them . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so we need you - ( s ) yeah , yeah , okay , exactly you are right . i have n't ( ? ? ) directly , yeah , you\u00b4re right . ( o ) yeah so , so do you see them now in the directory . can you look at them , can you look at the references . so , so this is something that mohammad should calculate the scores for . and and you should provide the the word ( ? ? ) . ( s ) so just ( ? ? ) located . ( o ) oh , sorry . ( s ) yes , we have the czech and german as well , which is the text ( ? ? ) translations . ( o ) yes , exactly . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so please finish these table i will ( ? ? ) because if i understand correctly nothing is missing . ( s ) yeah , and the , okay . ( o ) and here for the german source videos , we can do it as well . and we have only the channel so there is nothing like ( ? ? ) adaptation . ( s ) and which we do german it was ( ? ? ) . so yeah , here we have the manually device transcript as well as the youtube transcript as well as the automatic german . ( o ) so use the manually revised one . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so after the call we will choose the videos . and i think that . yeah , we can we can actually try everything in the demo , because it is very easy to start it now since you have all the scripts . ( s ) uhm , hm . ( o ) so the ( ? ? ) that should work reasonably well , except that its austrian , also in german and not german german . and for czech we do n't have the correct transcript , or do we ? do we have the correct transcript for the short video for the three minute one ? i think i did it as well or did n't i ? ( s ) let me check which was a ( ? ? ) they are no task here in the directory . ( o ) so by the way , the ( ? ? ) fille , the czech chauffeurs . sorry , the english chauffeurs . so the czech chauffeurs is like conference call lower quality . so there will be big difference probably between the ( ? ? ) and chauffeurs will be much worse . in term of ( ? ? ) rate . ( s ) ehm . ( o ) okay . so please , please sangi provide the missing numbers- ( s ) yes , yes , yes . ( o ) -and will decide . and that 's it . so . and we have already . so we had mohammad , we have discussed things during the whole ( ? ? ) now the ( ? ? ) apart off a sltf and , yes . and the ( ? ? ) . as a pre-processing for ember segmenter , right ? ( m ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so the segmentation is now more reliable , and you run ( ? ? ) slt , why was this ? i forgot . ( m ) dominik wanted that . ( o ) okay . ( d ) for ( ? ? ) for few days . ( o ) for the ( ? ? ) slt slides , but actually yes the time is getting short . we have only week to do the recording . ( d ) yes , i can do it . i can start going on thursday for example . ( o ) yeah . so sanged , when we run these demos , please make sure that we use zoom or whatever , and we record it because we do want this recording part of thee . a part of the video by dominik as well . ( d ) i ( ? ? ) in my own from 5 slides with some instructions . so , i am going to do it by them and to the ( ? ? ) we are going to present slides and video and they will match it . it will be easy for us . ( s ) so , dominik ( ? ? ) physically present here when you do it or so what i think is that we could use the camera , let me use for the seminar . ( d ) yes , we can use a camera . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) yeah , so there is ( ? ? ) during the semester recordings . it requires a . ( ? ? ) option is to present the slides from windows machine and ( ? ? ) aplication that you click record and records the screen where you have the slides and then they merge it with a video of the speaker . ( s ) so what i propose is that i can have the camera ( ? ? ) dominik physically and any computer screen during the screen recording to get something to capture . ( o ) so i think the the videos . we should like not mix the two things . i think one thing is dominik presenting the slides and thats slides ( ? ? ) windows machine recording when the slides are shown and dominik talking to them . and recorded on the handy cam that we have and the separate thing is the screen recorded streaming for the demo and that i think the easiest way is to like pass it through zoom . or something which can record it or because we need the synchronization there . can you do a recording of the screen including the sound . ( s ) yes , probably . yeah , yeah . ( o ) okay , so lets . these two things definitely should not be mixed and i think that in dominik slides there should be a slide and now demo and then dominik will just say now will present the demo , then make a pause and in that pause we or ( ? ? ) will cut in like ( ? ? ) the screencast one . ( s ) so if iam right dominik ( ? ? ) will be presenting the slide ( ? ? ) transcription ( ? ? ) captured . is that correct ? ( o ) was that a plan ? was the the plan dominik ? ( d ) no i do n't know how ( ? ? ) subtitles , maybe the ( ? ? ) create subtitles and- ( o ) no ( d ) -transcripts . ( o ) like i have n't seen that from them . i do n't think . i am not sure they have it . ( d ) ok , yeah . so i do n't have any plans for subtitles of the speech . ( o ) i would not plan that either because we know that is . it is possible to do it , we have done it for my ( ? ? ) talk . but its ( ? ? ) ( s ) complicated to do it- ( o ) and it 's not- ( s ) -you can ( ? ? ) , yeah . ( o ) -yeah . so , a better option actually it 's to after recording dominiks speech to have it recognized and use the tool by vilem to convert it to youtube subtitles . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so that 's something that we could do . ( s ) yeah , so that ( ? ? ) we synchronize . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) okay . so these files will be also used in the video recording for dominik 's speech . so i am ( ? ? ) saying these files because , actually not these once , because this is the exact test sets from the ( ? ? ) slt task . so that 's why i think it 's a good idea to present it . these files could be , could be . could also be . okay . so here the idea is that is the ( ? ? ) domain and the exact files , which were part of the test set . and here the idea is . it is czech that is being presented . and it is not evaluated in the shared task , but we can uh , show how the system runs the like delivers translation , from some ( ? ? ) language into english , which everybody will understand . so this is like more fun for the fully audience where this is more in line with the actual task . dominick think about these two options . what would you prefer two half in the video , and i think both would make sense . ( d ) ok . i will see . ( o ) okay . so i think that 's it right ? i do n't have any other ideas . so we managed in the half-hour . that 's great . so thanks a lot . and again , let 's plan to have this quick meeting next week , so there we up to date . but next week , we already should have the dominiks presentation finished and the recordings ( ? ? ) . there is lot of things to be done before next week . before next tuesday . okay . thanks very much . thank you . bye-bye . ( s ) thanks . ( d ) hi .", "tgt": "german translation for speeches , short videos , long videos . evaluation for english into czech and german translation . make sure the original speaker will speaks himself . dominik preseting slides and demo . recording with handy cam , windows machine recording . quick meeting next week . dominik\u00b4s presentation before next tuesday ."}
{"src": "( a ) can you guys hear me ? ( b ) ( ? another language ? ) yes , i can hear someone . ( a ) ( ? ? ) it is sangeet . ( b ) oh , hi sangeet so , yeah . ( a ) hi , hi , hi . ( b ) 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 there was the pin , but it 's also your net ( ? ? ) . ( a ) okay , i 'll fix that ( ? ? ) . ( b ) that 's okay , i like it , it 's fine . ( a ) okay it 's fine , okay . ( b ) the recording has already started , as i see . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) and i see peter is on the call as well . ( a ) uhm , okay , okay , okay . ( b ) so but i do n't know ( ? ? ) . ( c ) i can hear you guys properly , but lower clear , but - ( b ) yeah , peter is guess i do n't know what ( ? ? ) ( ? another language ? ) ( c ) he should be there . ( b ) was he . ( ? ? ) in second . so hear you and see me right ? ( c ) yeah , i can not see you , but i can hear you . ( b ) so the connection is too slow perhaps because i 'm probably - or maybe i 'm not sharing the camera . ( c ) yeah , do we do we need to share camera as well ? ( b ) no , no . ( c ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) ( ? ? ) in second ( ? ? ) . so i am already connected with sunit . ( a ) yeah ( b ) i 'll switch off the camera just to save bandwidth , camera off . and there is - okay , there is also vojt\u011bch . ( ? another language ? ) does it work ? ( ? another language ? ) ( b ) so the we should be muting ourselves , when we are not talking . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) sangeet , you can mute yourself , while you are not talking . yes , okay . and i would feel like to hear from peter if he is on the call . because i see him connected , but i don't see him there . and i do n't hear him . hm , well , maybe not there , never mind . lets - okay , lets get started anyway . and this call is being recorded because i 'm also collecting various meetings . so i hope that all okay with that been recorded and and actually we would like to release this publicly , but with some delay of like this is a so this is not longer interesting . and there is a good point , we will send you a link to google form , where you will fill in , that you agree , what this ( ? ? ) to be used and there you can specify the limit , what ( ? ? ) would like this- which you require to be , em , to be followed before the data is released . okay , so , thanks a lot for coming . you all know this document , the surge 2020 organization . this is just the envelope . the more important document is the elitr ( ? ? ) topics . and another document , which is now becoming very important , will be this google sheet , with all the things , that that you have done . and the the point of these meetings , and i would really like to have every week . next week it should be on thursday and then until the end of exam period it would be thursdays and then we will vote all again , what is the best day . the purpose of these meetings is for everybody to say , what they are working on , and what they have in mind for the upcoming weeks , and the reason is for me to collect this credits . this is important . so whatever you do n't sell to me or not getting any bonus for . remember that . and also , we must synchronize ourselves because no there more people doing the same thing . so for example now , vojt\u011bch , are you on the call ? can you confirm that you can hear us ? ( d ) well , i am on the call , but i have a lot of problem understanding you so . ( b ) yes , i 'm talking too fast i guess and the microphone is not perfect . yeah . so the point of the call is to make sure , that people know , what others are doing , and they nicely , well like a collaborate , in the sense that no work is done twice . and no data is is downloaded twice and so one . so we have now , also daniel here , he is going to - ( e ) bring a chair . ( b ) yes , to bring a chair . and so the - so , the - so right now , i would like everybody to go like one by one and summarize in a minute or 2 , what you have been working on this week . and everybody should very carefully listen to this and see any possible synergy . so i 've asked a number of people for now to download the eurosai database data . this has to be downloaded only once obviously and has to be convert to plain text only once . so so who- whoever does that , please let everybody else , know . and this a- and it 's similar . so after we do this summary of activities , there are being worked on , or finalized , then we can spend the rest of the the half hour for planning , what is the most important next thing and who would like to pick up for . but there is also less importance . more important is to avoid duplicating our work . yeah , so , well , i i 'm not working on anything specific myself . i 'm just starting . i 'm just telling people what to do . so i think that i should not - well , i can give you very brief , thin , brief summary . so there is the again , university open day , next wednesday , for which we are doing domain adaptation and then there will be on the 12th of february a dry run of the workshop , that we are going to give for the eurosai congress . so that is two and half hours of hands on experience with natural language processing tools . 5 colleagues at least from \u00fafal , going to the supreme audit office offices and presenting these nlp technologies . and we would do again like this subtitled . it will be held in english . the domain of competition fix , that there is tools . so that will be the next event , for which we should like try the domain adaptation surge again . so this is important for you vojt\u011bch . in the sense - so , so after martin 's tool , the next occasion to test things is the- is this english given presentations of the tools . if we do n't manage to adapt our systems , that 's not too important . we will be recording the session anyway . there will be one more of session , and then there will be one more dry run . and there will be the final session on on the congress , or at the congress . so for the february of 12th , we can live with current models . but if we have something adapted for ( ? ? ) this domain , then even better . so this is my summary . then quickly in the the semester , the monday seminars will start again . and we could again use it . which of that domain adaptation practice . yeah , so , that 's from me . so i do n't know , maybe we should just follow in a circle . so t- the important thing is , whether the people remotely present , can confirm , that they 've understood at least something . ( a ) yes , so , i can confirm , that i 've understood everything , what ondrej said and i write them . and if you guys want , i can say , what i have been doing like since a week . ( b ) okay , yes . ( a ) or what i plan to do next week . okay , so , last week , i started do transcribing the youtube videos . that was shared by daniel . so the english transcriptions are done . and the czech i i 'll do like today , or i 'll start it tomorrow . the next thing , that i spent last week , like the weekends preparing transcript for the monday seminar . and also into getting the peter 's asr , followed by segmenter . and i also did a voice domain adaptation and ( ? ? ) domain adaptation and talk adaptation and speaking of the words . speaking of the words and the common of the words and substituting them in the dictionary . but i realized , this for one them properly because i- because it was ( ? ? ) . so i feel needed to ( ? ? ) was not ( ? ? ) properly . so this is something , i need to recollect again . and try it to work next time . the next thing , i did , there was preparation of the english english segmenter . and the next task , which i need to focus on is the because i observed some terrible ( ? ? ) scores on one form , which is the period . so i need to focus more on sentence , boundary detection on both english and czech segmenter . things i need to do , is in-coming days , integrate sunit 's audio compression on these youtube videos . and progress more on the university of edinburgh 36 36 empty models and doc translation , and basically like ( ? ? ) that atul so that the work is not duplicated again , as more on their size . and , yeah , and spend more time on integrating ( ? ? ) office ( ? ? ) and text additions from dominik . so that 's it from me . ( b ) yeah . so who you ( ? ? ) i misheard ( ? ? ) about the models . so what what is your plan with the english 36 models ? what exactly do ( ? ? ) ? ( a ) so , exactly like i i i lost some i do not do that . there was not documentation . i 've been would hope to going their have been some hard to use the them . so he sent me some instructions and i 've been to follow that . yeah , so , ( ? ? ) i 've to be ( ? ? ) that the work is not duplicated . ( b ) yeah , i see . okay , so , your goal is to get uedin models used in our pipelines . ( a ) yeah ( b ) yeah , okay . and there is one more person to synchronize on what the launching of these models and that 's mat\u00fa\u0161 \u017eilinec . ( a ) okay , so , i ( ? ? ) . ( b ) mat\u00fa\u0161 successfully managed to run these models , and he is developing . he is using the models for the paraphrasing . ( a ) okay . so he is successful ( ? ? ) . i should pick up his hand to give them one medium . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( a ) or or maybe our ( ? ? ) . ( b ) atul , or mat\u00fa\u0161 or ( ? ? ) . ( a ) yeah . ( b ) okay , thank you . ( a ) thank you , okay . ( b ) so now we can ( ? ? ) dominik . are you ? ( f ) yeah . so i 've already , i am my work include this document . so recently , i downloaded some new corpora of interpret spoken language . so it 's a epic european parliament interpretation corpus and europarl-st . these are corpora created by us . and i 'm trying to do your part , and i 'm downloading all of plenary session from your parliament since july 2018 . and 1.7 terabytes of audios , videos interpreting in 22 languages . and it 's a lot of work to process them . these ( ? ? ) individual speeches , and so so i am not doing any further work from this . and i i was mailing with your webmasters , cause they were complaining , that i used there website too much . ( b ) ( f ) and they suggested , that they they implement a feature for mass mass downloading . and i i asked them to to enable to create such corpora , together with with transcriptions and interpretations and i do n't have any - ( b ) ( ? ? ) response . ( f ) any response yet so . so i do n't feel i even this , but will be ( ? ? ) . my main project , until 6th of march is is't is multi-source spoken language translation research . and i bring it for english and german into czech . ( b ) yeah , so . ( f ) so i 'm starting . ( b ) yeah , so , this meetings are especially for the eurosai event . ( f ) yeah . ( b ) so what you have described , can very much help that because all the data that you have gathered , would be used to retrain the asr models . so , that 's an important thing . so that people , we do not have jon\u00e1\u0161 and unsure if peter , are you on the call or not ? ( g ) yeah , i somehow managed to get here , but i have some problems with with hear to hear you . i do not know why because - ( b ) yes . ( g ) but now , now it 's okay . now it 's okay . ( b ) yes , so , it depends where i am if i 'm on the correct side of the microphone , or not perhaps , as well . so so the the data that dominik mentioned , these can be used for all the models , that we are training ourselves and which also like talk to others , karlsruhe to train their models better . so we need to somehow include them in the surge . so that they also improve - they have at least too ( ? ? ) of the model , until the congress . so that we would perform better . but dominik 's main goal until the feb 6th deadline is to experiment with multiple translation . and if this is successful , if we see an improvement from the additional sources , then this is something , which we would directly use in the surge afterwards . and there will be a requirement for sangeet to have the pipelines ready . so that - we have process multi-source and create english by integrating the many sources . so this is until this until this until we choose some us- some utility , we do not consider it a requirement , or we are not planning to to run multi-source translation at the event . but if it is if it works , then then it would be great contribution . okay , thank you . ( f ) my last part is that i started to do the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator . so we can connect jasper and and kaldi to mediator . so we wo n't need to connect them separately as as well . ( b ) okay . ( f ) to this . ( h ) so i 've already collaborate ( ? ? ) with sangeet for the compression thing . ( b ) okay . ( h ) and this week , i was working on the marian thing . ( b ) so is it - ? if we tested ( ? ? ) ? ( h ) i- i do n't know the efficiency . the sangeet is not given me any updates of that like the efficiency of that . so i except that i was working on the like the marian thing , trying to clear on with it . and this waiting for the data . as you said from mat\u00fa\u0161 . ( b ) so what the what the compression ? so sangeet , can you tell us , h- how - if you manage to test the compression , that hopefully was somehow proposed by sunit . and- and do you manage to test it ? what - how much ? ( a ) so sunit has differently updated me the ( ? ? ) the compression , and but i am - i was unable - i did n't find time to deal it with the current- my current pipeline . because i was s- i spent like last weekend on preparing for the monday seminar . and audio compression was not on me focus for the monday . so probably , maybe i coming 1 , 2 days , that should be integrated . and i 'll be sharing our statistics and how much laws are we able to - ( b ) ( make ) . ( a ) come up with ( ? ? ) compression . ( b ) so another option would be to tell sunit , how to run it . so that sunit could connect to the mediator and test it test it himself . so if that would be easier for you , instead of evaluating it for sunit to update a review that works for some of the setups sunit sunit would check out the crews control , do the set up from his laptop and connect to his laptop , with his laptop connected to wired connection and evaluating the the asr quality with compression , or without compression that 's another option . ( a ) i completely agree with you . so what i am going to do next , is that we can take a- any of the monday seminar revised transcript and we can to take that as a test set , and we can do as uncompressed and check the word error rate , and we can do a compressed pipeline and again check the word error rate and let 's see , how it goes , so here we got some propose . ( b ) yeah . but what what i 'm proposing is , that not you , but sunit would do this . ( a ) yeah , exactly , sunit sunit exactly , yeah . so i i 'm going to instruct all these to sunit , yeah . ( b ) yeah , so that sunit runs this . and i would like to see the evaluation in two ways . one without mediator being involved , if that is possible . that is - ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) that is not possible for the - no , no , no it is not possible for sunit to do because he - ( a ) yeah , exactly ( ? ? ) yeah . yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( b ) ( ? ? ) systems . so so we could do it via the mediator . and that is more important . ( a ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) so start with this this one only . okay ? ( a ) okay . ( b ) a thing , that sunit was talking about - ( h ) ( ? ? ) to collaborate with dominik and what we did . ( b ) yeah . yeah , but that 's for the other purpose . it 's not for not for the eurosai congress . ( h ) yeah . ( b ) okay , so it 's there anything in your plans from the surge , like what is going to directly help the eurosai congress ? ( h ) as of know i 'll be ready to interest like for example , the compression because the bandwidth is , an issue there . so for example , if the compression is not really effecting the asr output that that should be a really good thing . and i think ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i meant in the in the document of monday test , there is a list of wanted things . ( h ) yes , yes . ( b ) so if you do n't have any any immediate thing to try , then have a look and tell me , which which topic you would like to work on . ( h ) sure . ( b ) okay , thank you . yeah . ( i ) okay , so now , i 'm working on the framework or for example test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation . where can we have audio file and we want to translate it to s- to the target language . and i wanted to propose some ideas . some of them are novel , some of them- not because they are were represented before . for calculating the delay , bleu score and ( ? ? ) , all of them . i know , into the end yesterday , maybe no one account working on because we had a problem of segmentation . as you know , for example the segmentation in the difference part , could should should n't necessary - is the same as the segmentation . but empty my sheet , empty output prepared . so i we had a problem of segmentation , when we wanted to calculate delay . so i decided from yesterday to do to to propose a new idea . because using there ( ? ? ) segmenter . we can segment both of them , but the problem is , when we want to calculate delay . sometimes it has , some words are repeated more than once and it could make some problem . so now , in our tool set , i want to report who define delay . one segmenter based on time , exactly on the time , when they set us . and i report this delay . and also the delay based on the mwar segmenter . so now , i want to propose both se- both of them and so maybe ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so let me comment on this . so this this worrying that ebrahim is doing , is generally preparations for the slt shared task . so that we have a reliable tool to evaluate submissions in the shared task . and the shared task , that we are running at iwslt is directly aimed to help elitr in the eurosai congress . so the domain will include - the data set will include our domain and and all that . but i would like to somehow even further , or be on this iwslt shared task . the evaluation script of ebrahim to be used in this surge , in this in this gradual improvement of our systems . so this is something for sangeet . i would like ebrahim and sangeet to get directly in in contact . and sangeet to provide ebrahim with some output files as transcribed and the reference transcripts , so that you can test the tool . it will be like testing booth . it will be testing the performance of our base-line system and measuring ( ? ? ) . and it will be testing your tool , whether it evaluates the the files correctly . so so the- there is like three people , that will work together very closely . that , one is sangeet , who has the access to the pipelines . and daniel such\u00fd , who will know everything about the data . and ebrahim , who knows everything about the evaluation . and i would like regularly to have like measurements of the asr , end-to-end , quality , delay , and flicker . in the- on the systems , that are integrated ( ? ? ) . so that is that is the immediate help , that that your work will will provide to the to the eurosai congress . ( i ) okay , it will be - ( b ) yeah , so sangeet is sangeet is in india until end of january , is arriving in early february . so it 's not going to help us with the- with submission and prepare afterwards . ( i ) yes . ( b ) and it would be great , if you could set up - ( i ) exactly . ( b ) a regular evaluation of our pipelines . ( i ) just we have some intermediate data to test our framework , and it 's our papers , so we have it before that . yes , it 's could be caused after start , which and i can have a- ( ? ? ) which can i have a meeting with sangeet , and we can test everything ( ? ? ) so . ( b ) yeah , okay . thank you . ( i ) thank you very much . ( a ) can ebrahim and all of ( ? ? ) ? yeah , okay , thank you . ( b ) yeah , so the next one is atul . ( k ) in the la - in this weekend , last week , i worked on data collection to find the data , where is labeled of ( ? ? ) 42 languages especially for monolingual languages . so i have i have already shared with with ondrej and daniel and sunit to ( ? ? ) . there is a - a link is already available . in the one link is ( ? ? ) in the one link 22 languages data available . it 's like a monolingual . we can see monolingual , but . ( b ) okay . so neither do i ( ? ? ) . i just - okay . ( k ) it ' a ( ? ? ) the name of this ( ? ? ) . okay . i 'm just ( scared ) now , where is the link ? okay . it 's a ( ? ? ) . sorry . european ( ? ? ) of auditors web site ( ? ? ) . 42 languages , 42 european languages . ( b ) you know something about some excel , that you sent to us ? ( k ) yes . ( b ) or , what what is that ? can you - ? ( k ) so maybe , maybe it 's ( ? ? ) anyone so we can edit . ( ? ? ) edited . and then copy and send it by plain mail because i also did n't receive that . that so google is not sharing the properly - ( k ) okay , so i 'm hoping ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) what ? ( k ) so , okay . ( b ) yes so so you are scanning the websites . ( k ) yes . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . and maybe others list it in the google sheet . ( k ) yes . i have also searched the parallel data that i ignored the ( ? ? ) because most of the data is available ( ? ? ) of the other six languages . and ( ? ? ) we require it eurosai congress . and we had 7 languages so - ( b ) the italian is not - ( k ) yeah , italian is not included , so i exclude italian . so german , french , spanish , english , czech . and so it is already mentioned , but we need to download all the pdf documents . ( b ) yeah . on this - so now vojt\u011bch , can you hear us ? vojt\u011bch , can you hear us ? ( d ) yes , i can . ( b ) yeah , so i think , now it is very important , that you and atul will synchronize on the thing tools because both 's you and atul need to convert all the many file formats , especially pdfs , that are hard to process ( ? ? ) . and you both have some tools for that and you also , both of you need to convert it to corpus styles . so one sentence per line . and if it 's parallel text , then - that 's that is not for you vojt\u011bch , but that would be for atul to aline in that ( ? ? ) more sentences and so on . but getting from random file formats to the sentence oriented plain text , is something which both of you have to do . and it would be a big pitty , if you did it twice . so please , be in touch . you needs it differently , like the way voj\u011bch needs it is for smaller sets of files and more or less interactively . the way atul needs it is is to have it parallelizable on the on the cluster , so that you can process a huge collections of files . so the this setup is slightly different . but still , the underlying tools would be would be the same . so please , stay in close touch . so you use both ( ? ? ) tokenizer ( ? ? ) . vojt\u011bch and i do n't know , what atul use - ( k ) i use ( ? ? ) for this ( ? ? ) . for pdf text convertor ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , i do n't i do n't - so so yes , so simply - ( k ) i 've been- i have already sent two pdf files - ( b ) uhm . ( k ) to you and - ( b ) yeah . ( k ) everyone . ( b ) yeah , so lets work a little bit of evaluation . which of the tools is is easy to use and produces good results ? so vojt\u011bch , please be in touch with atul and make sure , that you both use the best tool . ( k ) yeah because the most of the tool like g- or for german , ( ? ? ) is working fine . ( b ) uhm . ( k ) and work the for ( ? ? ) gives really bad ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , okay , so it could be language dependent . ( k ) yeah , language dependent . so i think we can use different tool like every word is a word ( ? ? ) can works pdf ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah . and all these are linux based . ( k ) yes - ( b ) all they can be run - ( k ) and anyone - ( b ) yeah , yeah , okay , that 's good . so vojt\u011bch , please , confirm again , that the voice was good , that you understood us . ( d ) well , i understood only a part of thing , but i will get in touch with atul and whatever is needed . ( b ) yeah . yeah , it 's it 's not only needed , it is it 's that what atul knows , can help you with your bachelor thesis . you should benefit from that experience as well . so it's- it it 's mutual- mutually beneficial . ( d ) ( b ) okay , thank you . and now we have daniel such\u00fd here . ( e ) yeah . so my job 's to to have an overview of all the data , we use for for the eurosai congress . to integrate it and to create test sets , test sets using them . so so you 've ( ? ? ) anyone had some some data source . ( ? ? ) i have list the whole that all things and i will- i have do a store on the cluster . so basically , i 've i 've done ( ? ? ) part cluster overview . all this- all this things , that we use as a source of data . and i also worked with with people , which do do the manual work , or for example creating transcription , translations , or the stuff . so i am reworking with them giving them tasks to do and ( ? ? ) them , hiring them . it 's cool . ( b ) yeah . not in this thing yet , but later , when - so so right now daniel is mainly working on the iwslt test set , or test set and ( ? ? ) that we have to released . and these iwslt , that 's spoken language translation from english into two languages of our interest only . so only into czech and german . and beyond that , daniel will be also supervising and knowing , where the pits are for the old language pairs and translation directions , that we want for the eurosai congress . and one 's this test set is stabilized . we would really like to to run the regular evaluation . so that 's , what i was telling earlier , that sangeet should regularly process the test sets with pipelines and use the evaluation tool by e- ebrahim . and these numbers should be then like a picked up , or collected by daniel . so that we can know , that all these numbers are comparable in some way . so by this - it - so daniel should be collecting , not only the numbers , but the actual outputs of the system . and doing sanity check of of of the ( ? ? ) as well . so maybe , it would be daniel , who 'll be running the the tool by ebrahim . in the end . ok . so we have also peter on the call . so peter , if you can report work briefly . ( g ) yeah , hi , i 've done i 've done the forced alignment . it 's the- on the- it 's in the repository , in the cruise control , on the - ( ? another language ? ) in the in the folder cuni jasper asr . so there 's a demo and and some readme , which you can check and you can run my asr . and you can run the forced alignment . and there is- there is also information about- where the - where the actual installation is in the cluster because you have- you have to use custom environment , python environment and pytorch environment to run my models . so you can do it only in cluster . and now , i 'm working on on onlinezation of my asr because as as you may know , i have problems with with transcribing , the running window , which cuts the words in the middle and then the then the language model does strange things , to to the all words in the whole trans- transcription . so that 's , what i 'm currently working on . ( b ) yeah , okay , thank you . so do we have anyone else on the call ? does n't seem so . so well , time 's up . we were we were 5 minutes - ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) working- i working back translation . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) so we are ( running ) same - we are going to plan and we are going to implement a back translation in the next week . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) so after collecting a data , or before , we can run that and - before , like- okay . we are working on english to czech languages ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so well , back trans - there is multiple occasions , on which we can we can use these systems . the first occasion , for which we could try , is the talk by martin on wednesday already . and then we actually need to find tune systems to be deployed by wednesday . i am not sure , if this is feasible , or not . even if it 's not feasible , to to deploy it by wednesday , we need to gather these better models , where the weeks for all the languages . so asr all asr languages to- to the english . so all the 6 , or 7 asr languages to the english and then from english into all the target languages . so for that , you need good pipeline . so that every week , you will have a new model adapted to this . so i think , it 's to use the the wednesday opportunity to have better marian systems as as a good thing . so but there - well , i 'm telling bet- i 'm telling b- saying better marian systems . ( ? ? ) to english ? ( b ) czech to english . ( ? ? ) do i fix it ? ( b ) so what is the current status of czech to english ? ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) one plan for ( ? ? ) was the ( ? ? ) current of the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) and i implement it way , how to improve it into the the missing characters . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) i can reshare this in one day to be f- well , fix the missing characters and improves bleu by one point . one decimal point . ( b ) one decimal point . so so right now , in the pipeline we use czech to english by martin popel . now . ( ? ? ) we can can use both . ( b ) yeah , so which did we- which one did we use a last week for , or - ? ( ? ? ) no , maybe it was edinburgh . ( b ) yeah . so this is something very important . we need to know what we are using . and we need to know , which one of them is is the best . so there is an important evaluation request . sangeet , could you evaluate on martin 's recorded talk ? which on the - well , we do n't have - that 's it . we have only the transcript we do n't have the translation . what data set can use for czech to english ? ( a ) we can translate like ( ? ? ) . ( b ) . bad . ( a ) ( b ) so well , i think , that simply obtain that . lets lets do it , lets do just - ( a ) or ( ? ? ) just thing convert to ( ? ? ) systems . ( b ) yeah , exactly . so please , sangeet , in preparation for wednesday , please , process martin 's dry run of the talk . would all be czech to english . setups , that you can use , in the pipeline , that are already integrated . on monday , we 'll interest in in like models , that do text translation , we will interested in , what is integrated in our speech processing pipeline . and please , send as the outputs , or put it to the - ( a ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) popel 's folder . so that will be , that will be - get in touch with dominik . so that you know , which model is is which . it will be the transformer by martin popel , it will be the marian by dominik . it could be marian by dominik with the missing letters in it . ( a ) . ( b ) yeah , if if if dominik fixes it . and it could - ( a ) . ( b ) yeah . and it could be and that from my point of view from my point of the of the more important . it could be marian by dominik , finetuned on the parallel data , that we will create by back translation , or maybe we find other parallel data in the domain of competition linguistics . so i think , that on for example for example on monday , sangeet , you could evaluate the existing systems and well , i evaluate , i mean , you run them and have the outputs . we do not have the reference translation . and on tuesday , dominik could fine tune the system . and on wednesday morning , we will decide , whether to d - which one to deploy for for the event . right ? ( a ) it 's okay . ( f ) okay . ( b ) but lets lets give it a try . ( a ) sure , sure , sure . so one question , do we have some own data on martin 's talk ? that we think of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) we have a source audio , that 's the one , that that 's jon\u00e1\u0161 - it 's it 's - i can say you 'd path , but i think you you must have the path . it 's the recording , that i have done with martin recently . there is in the domain adaptation 2020 january 29 , martin popel there should be there , there is the audio , and there is the transcript , and jon\u00e1\u0161 has corrected the transcript manually . ( a ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) would you see any ( ? ? ) ? it 's about 20 minutes of of audio . ( a ) no , i - i i i i have n't i actually have have i have n't open the access ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , okay . ( a ) so far i- i followed this so and i 'm i 'm ( ? ? ) probably something to progress so . ( b ) okay . so i 'm the a - at least , and maybe it is not totally ( ? ? ) of you , but it 's clearing my head , what we should should try with the - ( ? ? ) translation before this wednesday . what the happening ? okay , so i think , that's- we are 12 minutes beyond out time , let 's stop it now . we could spend months talking on this . so ( ? ? ) . ( a ) so- sorry , to interrupt to you ondrej . i i want thing to say to maybe ebrahim and dominik . i would like to use some in-domain data from - like european data to train the segmenter , like english and czech segmenter and use ebrahim 's evaluation tool to see , how they are doing . the the - in ( ? ? ) to the models , we have ( ? ? ) from czech ( ? ? ) . ( i ) okay , so . but i think i thnik , that should be ready - okay , i think , the tool should be ready next week . ( a ) uhm . ( i ) they have to be ready ( ? ? ) . no , no , i think because it 's ready , but every time we have some new assumption . ( a ) i ( ? ? ) and - ( i ) yes . and if i can get the first amount of data and after that , after the some is more test , i think , that the tool is ready and you can use it . ( a ) okay , okay . then i i 'll use this week maybe to train - to get in touch with dominik and get european data to train a new segmenter , without like . ( i ) and i think i 'm available next week and whenever you want , we can we can have a meeting together . and we can - ( a ) sure , sure , sure , sure . yeah , we we can dis- discuss for on this topic , yeah . yeah , this is never-ending . ( f ) okay , the next week , i 'm not available on thursday and friday because - ( a ) sure , sure , sure . ( f ) i am - ( a ) okay , okay , okay . no problem . ( b ) yeah , okay . so well , the next week , i 'm also not available on friday . so whoever is available , we 'll meet on thursday and we have the the session on on wednesday . okay . thanks . thanks a lot to all . if there no further questions and no further comments then - ( i ) thank you . ( ? ? ) thank 's . ( ? ? ) bye , bye . . ( a ) ciao , good night . ( b ) yeah , . .", "tgt": "university open day . transcribing videos , voice domain adaptation , english segmenter . boundary detection . edinburgh models to work in elitr . processing data from parliament . multi-source spoken language translation . binding worker for automatic speech recognition . working on marian system . test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation . monolingual data collection . overview , test sets of data for eurosai . iswlt test set . forced alignment . czech to english ."}
{"src": "( a ) can you guys hear me ? ( b ) ( ? another language ? ) yes , i can hear someone . ( a ) ( ? ? ) it is sangeet . ( b ) oh , hi sangeet so , yeah . ( a ) hi , hi , hi . ( b ) 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 there was the pin , but it 's also your net ( ? ? ) . ( a ) okay , i 'll fix that ( ? ? ) . ( b ) that 's okay , i like it , it 's fine . ( a ) okay it 's fine , okay . ( b ) the recording has already started , as i see . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) and i see peter is on the call as well . ( a ) uhm , okay , okay , okay . ( b ) so but i do n't know ( ? ? ) . ( c ) i can hear you guys properly , but lower clear , but - ( b ) yeah , peter is guess i do n't know what ( ? ? ) ( ? another language ? ) ( c ) he should be there . ( b ) was he . ( ? ? ) in second . so hear you and see me right ? ( c ) yeah , i can not see you , but i can hear you . ( b ) so the connection is too slow perhaps because i 'm probably - or maybe i 'm not sharing the camera . ( c ) yeah , do we do we need to share camera as well ? ( b ) no , no . ( c ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) ( ? ? ) in second ( ? ? ) . so i am already connected with sunit . ( a ) yeah ( b ) i 'll switch off the camera just to save bandwidth , camera off . and there is - okay , there is also vojt\u011bch . ( ? another language ? ) does it work ? ( ? another language ? ) ( b ) so the we should be muting ourselves , when we are not talking . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) sangeet , you can mute yourself , while you are not talking . yes , okay . and i would feel like to hear from peter if he is on the call . because i see him connected , but i don't see him there . and i do n't hear him . hm , well , maybe not there , never mind . lets - okay , lets get started anyway . and this call is being recorded because i 'm also collecting various meetings . so i hope that all okay with that been recorded and and actually we would like to release this publicly , but with some delay of like this is a so this is not longer interesting . and there is a good point , we will send you a link to google form , where you will fill in , that you agree , what this ( ? ? ) to be used and there you can specify the limit , what ( ? ? ) would like this- which you require to be , em , to be followed before the data is released . okay , so , thanks a lot for coming . you all know this document , the surge 2020 organization . this is just the envelope . the more important document is the elitr ( ? ? ) topics . and another document , which is now becoming very important , will be this google sheet , with all the things , that that you have done . and the the point of these meetings , and i would really like to have every week . next week it should be on thursday and then until the end of exam period it would be thursdays and then we will vote all again , what is the best day . the purpose of these meetings is for everybody to say , what they are working on , and what they have in mind for the upcoming weeks , and the reason is for me to collect this credits . this is important . so whatever you do n't sell to me or not getting any bonus for . remember that . and also , we must synchronize ourselves because no there more people doing the same thing . so for example now , vojt\u011bch , are you on the call ? can you confirm that you can hear us ? ( d ) well , i am on the call , but i have a lot of problem understanding you so . ( b ) yes , i 'm talking too fast i guess and the microphone is not perfect . yeah . so the point of the call is to make sure , that people know , what others are doing , and they nicely , well like a collaborate , in the sense that no work is done twice . and no data is is downloaded twice and so one . so we have now , also daniel here , he is going to - ( e ) bring a chair . ( b ) yes , to bring a chair . and so the - so , the - so right now , i would like everybody to go like one by one and summarize in a minute or 2 , what you have been working on this week . and everybody should very carefully listen to this and see any possible synergy . so i 've asked a number of people for now to download the eurosai database data . this has to be downloaded only once obviously and has to be convert to plain text only once . so so who- whoever does that , please let everybody else , know . and this a- and it 's similar . so after we do this summary of activities , there are being worked on , or finalized , then we can spend the rest of the the half hour for planning , what is the most important next thing and who would like to pick up for . but there is also less importance . more important is to avoid duplicating our work . yeah , so , well , i i 'm not working on anything specific myself . i 'm just starting . i 'm just telling people what to do . so i think that i should not - well , i can give you very brief , thin , brief summary . so there is the again , university open day , next wednesday , for which we are doing domain adaptation and then there will be on the 12th of february a dry run of the workshop , that we are going to give for the eurosai congress . so that is two and half hours of hands on experience with natural language processing tools . 5 colleagues at least from \u00fafal , going to the supreme audit office offices and presenting these nlp technologies . and we would do again like this subtitled . it will be held in english . the domain of competition fix , that there is tools . so that will be the next event , for which we should like try the domain adaptation surge again . so this is important for you vojt\u011bch . in the sense - so , so after martin 's tool , the next occasion to test things is the- is this english given presentations of the tools . if we do n't manage to adapt our systems , that 's not too important . we will be recording the session anyway . there will be one more of session , and then there will be one more dry run . and there will be the final session on on the congress , or at the congress . so for the february of 12th , we can live with current models . but if we have something adapted for ( ? ? ) this domain , then even better . so this is my summary . then quickly in the the semester , the monday seminars will start again . and we could again use it . which of that domain adaptation practice . yeah , so , that 's from me . so i do n't know , maybe we should just follow in a circle . so t- the important thing is , whether the people remotely present , can confirm , that they 've understood at least something . ( a ) yes , so , i can confirm , that i 've understood everything , what ondrej said and i write them . and if you guys want , i can say , what i have been doing like since a week . ( b ) okay , yes . ( a ) or what i plan to do next week . okay , so , last week , i started do transcribing the youtube videos . that was shared by daniel . so the english transcriptions are done . and the czech i i 'll do like today , or i 'll start it tomorrow . the next thing , that i spent last week , like the weekends preparing transcript for the monday seminar . and also into getting the peter 's asr , followed by segmenter . and i also did a voice domain adaptation and ( ? ? ) domain adaptation and talk adaptation and speaking of the words . speaking of the words and the common of the words and substituting them in the dictionary . but i realized , this for one them properly because i- because it was ( ? ? ) . so i feel needed to ( ? ? ) was not ( ? ? ) properly . so this is something , i need to recollect again . and try it to work next time . the next thing , i did , there was preparation of the english english segmenter . and the next task , which i need to focus on is the because i observed some terrible ( ? ? ) scores on one form , which is the period . so i need to focus more on sentence , boundary detection on both english and czech segmenter . things i need to do , is in-coming days , integrate sunit 's audio compression on these youtube videos . and progress more on the university of edinburgh 36 36 empty models and doc translation , and basically like ( ? ? ) that atul so that the work is not duplicated again , as more on their size . and , yeah , and spend more time on integrating ( ? ? ) office ( ? ? ) and text additions from dominik . so that 's it from me . ( b ) yeah . so who you ( ? ? ) i misheard ( ? ? ) about the models . so what what is your plan with the english 36 models ? what exactly do ( ? ? ) ? ( a ) so , exactly like i i i lost some i do not do that . there was not documentation . i 've been would hope to going their have been some hard to use the them . so he sent me some instructions and i 've been to follow that . yeah , so , ( ? ? ) i 've to be ( ? ? ) that the work is not duplicated . ( b ) yeah , i see . okay , so , your goal is to get uedin models used in our pipelines . ( a ) yeah ( b ) yeah , okay . and there is one more person to synchronize on what the launching of these models and that 's mat\u00fa\u0161 \u017eilinec . ( a ) okay , so , i ( ? ? ) . ( b ) mat\u00fa\u0161 successfully managed to run these models , and he is developing . he is using the models for the paraphrasing . ( a ) okay . so he is successful ( ? ? ) . i should pick up his hand to give them one medium . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( a ) or or maybe our ( ? ? ) . ( b ) atul , or mat\u00fa\u0161 or ( ? ? ) . ( a ) yeah . ( b ) okay , thank you . ( a ) thank you , okay . ( b ) so now we can ( ? ? ) dominik . are you ? ( f ) yeah . so i 've already , i am my work include this document . so recently , i downloaded some new corpora of interpret spoken language . so it 's a epic european parliament interpretation corpus and europarl-st . these are corpora created by us . and i 'm trying to do your part , and i 'm downloading all of plenary session from your parliament since july 2018 . and 1.7 terabytes of audios , videos interpreting in 22 languages . and it 's a lot of work to process them . these ( ? ? ) individual speeches , and so so i am not doing any further work from this . and i i was mailing with your webmasters , cause they were complaining , that i used there website too much . ( b ) ( f ) and they suggested , that they they implement a feature for mass mass downloading . and i i asked them to to enable to create such corpora , together with with transcriptions and interpretations and i do n't have any - ( b ) ( ? ? ) response . ( f ) any response yet so . so i do n't feel i even this , but will be ( ? ? ) . my main project , until 6th of march is is't is multi-source spoken language translation research . and i bring it for english and german into czech . ( b ) yeah , so . ( f ) so i 'm starting . ( b ) yeah , so , this meetings are especially for the eurosai event . ( f ) yeah . ( b ) so what you have described , can very much help that because all the data that you have gathered , would be used to retrain the asr models . so , that 's an important thing . so that people , we do not have jon\u00e1\u0161 and unsure if peter , are you on the call or not ? ( g ) yeah , i somehow managed to get here , but i have some problems with with hear to hear you . i do not know why because - ( b ) yes . ( g ) but now , now it 's okay . now it 's okay . ( b ) yes , so , it depends where i am if i 'm on the correct side of the microphone , or not perhaps , as well . so so the the data that dominik mentioned , these can be used for all the models , that we are training ourselves and which also like talk to others , karlsruhe to train their models better . so we need to somehow include them in the surge . so that they also improve - they have at least too ( ? ? ) of the model , until the congress . so that we would perform better . but dominik 's main goal until the feb 6th deadline is to experiment with multiple translation . and if this is successful , if we see an improvement from the additional sources , then this is something , which we would directly use in the surge afterwards . and there will be a requirement for sangeet to have the pipelines ready . so that - we have process multi-source and create english by integrating the many sources . so this is until this until this until we choose some us- some utility , we do not consider it a requirement , or we are not planning to to run multi-source translation at the event . but if it is if it works , then then it would be great contribution . okay , thank you . ( f ) my last part is that i started to do the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator . so we can connect jasper and and kaldi to mediator . so we wo n't need to connect them separately as as well . ( b ) okay . ( f ) to this . ( h ) so i 've already collaborate ( ? ? ) with sangeet for the compression thing . ( b ) okay . ( h ) and this week , i was working on the marian thing . ( b ) so is it - ? if we tested ( ? ? ) ? ( h ) i- i do n't know the efficiency . the sangeet is not given me any updates of that like the efficiency of that . so i except that i was working on the like the marian thing , trying to clear on with it . and this waiting for the data . as you said from mat\u00fa\u0161 . ( b ) so what the what the compression ? so sangeet , can you tell us , h- how - if you manage to test the compression , that hopefully was somehow proposed by sunit . and- and do you manage to test it ? what - how much ? ( a ) so sunit has differently updated me the ( ? ? ) the compression , and but i am - i was unable - i did n't find time to deal it with the current- my current pipeline . because i was s- i spent like last weekend on preparing for the monday seminar . and audio compression was not on me focus for the monday . so probably , maybe i coming 1 , 2 days , that should be integrated . and i 'll be sharing our statistics and how much laws are we able to - ( b ) ( make ) . ( a ) come up with ( ? ? ) compression . ( b ) so another option would be to tell sunit , how to run it . so that sunit could connect to the mediator and test it test it himself . so if that would be easier for you , instead of evaluating it for sunit to update a review that works for some of the setups sunit sunit would check out the crews control , do the set up from his laptop and connect to his laptop , with his laptop connected to wired connection and evaluating the the asr quality with compression , or without compression that 's another option . ( a ) i completely agree with you . so what i am going to do next , is that we can take a- any of the monday seminar revised transcript and we can to take that as a test set , and we can do as uncompressed and check the word error rate , and we can do a compressed pipeline and again check the word error rate and let 's see , how it goes , so here we got some propose . ( b ) yeah . but what what i 'm proposing is , that not you , but sunit would do this . ( a ) yeah , exactly , sunit sunit exactly , yeah . so i i 'm going to instruct all these to sunit , yeah . ( b ) yeah , so that sunit runs this . and i would like to see the evaluation in two ways . one without mediator being involved , if that is possible . that is - ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) that is not possible for the - no , no , no it is not possible for sunit to do because he - ( a ) yeah , exactly ( ? ? ) yeah . yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( b ) ( ? ? ) systems . so so we could do it via the mediator . and that is more important . ( a ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) so start with this this one only . okay ? ( a ) okay . ( b ) a thing , that sunit was talking about - ( h ) ( ? ? ) to collaborate with dominik and what we did . ( b ) yeah . yeah , but that 's for the other purpose . it 's not for not for the eurosai congress . ( h ) yeah . ( b ) okay , so it 's there anything in your plans from the surge , like what is going to directly help the eurosai congress ? ( h ) as of know i 'll be ready to interest like for example , the compression because the bandwidth is , an issue there . so for example , if the compression is not really effecting the asr output that that should be a really good thing . and i think ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i meant in the in the document of monday test , there is a list of wanted things . ( h ) yes , yes . ( b ) so if you do n't have any any immediate thing to try , then have a look and tell me , which which topic you would like to work on . ( h ) sure . ( b ) okay , thank you . yeah . ( i ) okay , so now , i 'm working on the framework or for example test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation . where can we have audio file and we want to translate it to s- to the target language . and i wanted to propose some ideas . some of them are novel , some of them- not because they are were represented before . for calculating the delay , bleu score and ( ? ? ) , all of them . i know , into the end yesterday , maybe no one account working on because we had a problem of segmentation . as you know , for example the segmentation in the difference part , could should should n't necessary - is the same as the segmentation . but empty my sheet , empty output prepared . so i we had a problem of segmentation , when we wanted to calculate delay . so i decided from yesterday to do to to propose a new idea . because using there ( ? ? ) segmenter . we can segment both of them , but the problem is , when we want to calculate delay . sometimes it has , some words are repeated more than once and it could make some problem . so now , in our tool set , i want to report who define delay . one segmenter based on time , exactly on the time , when they set us . and i report this delay . and also the delay based on the mwar segmenter . so now , i want to propose both se- both of them and so maybe ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so let me comment on this . so this this worrying that ebrahim is doing , is generally preparations for the slt shared task . so that we have a reliable tool to evaluate submissions in the shared task . and the shared task , that we are running at iwslt is directly aimed to help elitr in the eurosai congress . so the domain will include - the data set will include our domain and and all that . but i would like to somehow even further , or be on this iwslt shared task . the evaluation script of ebrahim to be used in this surge , in this in this gradual improvement of our systems . so this is something for sangeet . i would like ebrahim and sangeet to get directly in in contact . and sangeet to provide ebrahim with some output files as transcribed and the reference transcripts , so that you can test the tool . it will be like testing booth . it will be testing the performance of our base-line system and measuring ( ? ? ) . and it will be testing your tool , whether it evaluates the the files correctly . so so the- there is like three people , that will work together very closely . that , one is sangeet , who has the access to the pipelines . and daniel such\u00fd , who will know everything about the data . and ebrahim , who knows everything about the evaluation . and i would like regularly to have like measurements of the asr , end-to-end , quality , delay , and flicker . in the- on the systems , that are integrated ( ? ? ) . so that is that is the immediate help , that that your work will will provide to the to the eurosai congress . ( i ) okay , it will be - ( b ) yeah , so sangeet is sangeet is in india until end of january , is arriving in early february . so it 's not going to help us with the- with submission and prepare afterwards . ( i ) yes . ( b ) and it would be great , if you could set up - ( i ) exactly . ( b ) a regular evaluation of our pipelines . ( i ) just we have some intermediate data to test our framework , and it 's our papers , so we have it before that . yes , it 's could be caused after start , which and i can have a- ( ? ? ) which can i have a meeting with sangeet , and we can test everything ( ? ? ) so . ( b ) yeah , okay . thank you . ( i ) thank you very much . ( a ) can ebrahim and all of ( ? ? ) ? yeah , okay , thank you . ( b ) yeah , so the next one is atul . ( k ) in the la - in this weekend , last week , i worked on data collection to find the data , where is labeled of ( ? ? ) 42 languages especially for monolingual languages . so i have i have already shared with with ondrej and daniel and sunit to ( ? ? ) . there is a - a link is already available . in the one link is ( ? ? ) in the one link 22 languages data available . it 's like a monolingual . we can see monolingual , but . ( b ) okay . so neither do i ( ? ? ) . i just - okay . ( k ) it ' a ( ? ? ) the name of this ( ? ? ) . okay . i 'm just ( scared ) now , where is the link ? okay . it 's a ( ? ? ) . sorry . european ( ? ? ) of auditors web site ( ? ? ) . 42 languages , 42 european languages . ( b ) you know something about some excel , that you sent to us ? ( k ) yes . ( b ) or , what what is that ? can you - ? ( k ) so maybe , maybe it 's ( ? ? ) anyone so we can edit . ( ? ? ) edited . and then copy and send it by plain mail because i also did n't receive that . that so google is not sharing the properly - ( k ) okay , so i 'm hoping ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) what ? ( k ) so , okay . ( b ) yes so so you are scanning the websites . ( k ) yes . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . and maybe others list it in the google sheet . ( k ) yes . i have also searched the parallel data that i ignored the ( ? ? ) because most of the data is available ( ? ? ) of the other six languages . and ( ? ? ) we require it eurosai congress . and we had 7 languages so - ( b ) the italian is not - ( k ) yeah , italian is not included , so i exclude italian . so german , french , spanish , english , czech . and so it is already mentioned , but we need to download all the pdf documents . ( b ) yeah . on this - so now vojt\u011bch , can you hear us ? vojt\u011bch , can you hear us ? ( d ) yes , i can . ( b ) yeah , so i think , now it is very important , that you and atul will synchronize on the thing tools because both 's you and atul need to convert all the many file formats , especially pdfs , that are hard to process ( ? ? ) . and you both have some tools for that and you also , both of you need to convert it to corpus styles . so one sentence per line . and if it 's parallel text , then - that 's that is not for you vojt\u011bch , but that would be for atul to aline in that ( ? ? ) more sentences and so on . but getting from random file formats to the sentence oriented plain text , is something which both of you have to do . and it would be a big pitty , if you did it twice . so please , be in touch . you needs it differently , like the way voj\u011bch needs it is for smaller sets of files and more or less interactively . the way atul needs it is is to have it parallelizable on the on the cluster , so that you can process a huge collections of files . so the this setup is slightly different . but still , the underlying tools would be would be the same . so please , stay in close touch . so you use both ( ? ? ) tokenizer ( ? ? ) . vojt\u011bch and i do n't know , what atul use - ( k ) i use ( ? ? ) for this ( ? ? ) . for pdf text convertor ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , i do n't i do n't - so so yes , so simply - ( k ) i 've been- i have already sent two pdf files - ( b ) uhm . ( k ) to you and - ( b ) yeah . ( k ) everyone . ( b ) yeah , so lets work a little bit of evaluation . which of the tools is is easy to use and produces good results ? so vojt\u011bch , please be in touch with atul and make sure , that you both use the best tool . ( k ) yeah because the most of the tool like g- or for german , ( ? ? ) is working fine . ( b ) uhm . ( k ) and work the for ( ? ? ) gives really bad ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , okay , so it could be language dependent . ( k ) yeah , language dependent . so i think we can use different tool like every word is a word ( ? ? ) can works pdf ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah . and all these are linux based . ( k ) yes - ( b ) all they can be run - ( k ) and anyone - ( b ) yeah , yeah , okay , that 's good . so vojt\u011bch , please , confirm again , that the voice was good , that you understood us . ( d ) well , i understood only a part of thing , but i will get in touch with atul and whatever is needed . ( b ) yeah . yeah , it 's it 's not only needed , it is it 's that what atul knows , can help you with your bachelor thesis . you should benefit from that experience as well . so it's- it it 's mutual- mutually beneficial . ( d ) ( b ) okay , thank you . and now we have daniel such\u00fd here . ( e ) yeah . so my job 's to to have an overview of all the data , we use for for the eurosai congress . to integrate it and to create test sets , test sets using them . so so you 've ( ? ? ) anyone had some some data source . ( ? ? ) i have list the whole that all things and i will- i have do a store on the cluster . so basically , i 've i 've done ( ? ? ) part cluster overview . all this- all this things , that we use as a source of data . and i also worked with with people , which do do the manual work , or for example creating transcription , translations , or the stuff . so i am reworking with them giving them tasks to do and ( ? ? ) them , hiring them . it 's cool . ( b ) yeah . not in this thing yet , but later , when - so so right now daniel is mainly working on the iwslt test set , or test set and ( ? ? ) that we have to released . and these iwslt , that 's spoken language translation from english into two languages of our interest only . so only into czech and german . and beyond that , daniel will be also supervising and knowing , where the pits are for the old language pairs and translation directions , that we want for the eurosai congress . and one 's this test set is stabilized . we would really like to to run the regular evaluation . so that 's , what i was telling earlier , that sangeet should regularly process the test sets with pipelines and use the evaluation tool by e- ebrahim . and these numbers should be then like a picked up , or collected by daniel . so that we can know , that all these numbers are comparable in some way . so by this - it - so daniel should be collecting , not only the numbers , but the actual outputs of the system . and doing sanity check of of of the ( ? ? ) as well . so maybe , it would be daniel , who 'll be running the the tool by ebrahim . in the end . ok . so we have also peter on the call . so peter , if you can report work briefly . ( g ) yeah , hi , i 've done i 've done the forced alignment . it 's the- on the- it 's in the repository , in the cruise control , on the - ( ? another language ? ) in the in the folder cuni jasper asr . so there 's a demo and and some readme , which you can check and you can run my asr . and you can run the forced alignment . and there is- there is also information about- where the - where the actual installation is in the cluster because you have- you have to use custom environment , python environment and pytorch environment to run my models . so you can do it only in cluster . and now , i 'm working on on onlinezation of my asr because as as you may know , i have problems with with transcribing , the running window , which cuts the words in the middle and then the then the language model does strange things , to to the all words in the whole trans- transcription . so that 's , what i 'm currently working on . ( b ) yeah , okay , thank you . so do we have anyone else on the call ? does n't seem so . so well , time 's up . we were we were 5 minutes - ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) working- i working back translation . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) so we are ( running ) same - we are going to plan and we are going to implement a back translation in the next week . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) so after collecting a data , or before , we can run that and - before , like- okay . we are working on english to czech languages ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so well , back trans - there is multiple occasions , on which we can we can use these systems . the first occasion , for which we could try , is the talk by martin on wednesday already . and then we actually need to find tune systems to be deployed by wednesday . i am not sure , if this is feasible , or not . even if it 's not feasible , to to deploy it by wednesday , we need to gather these better models , where the weeks for all the languages . so asr all asr languages to- to the english . so all the 6 , or 7 asr languages to the english and then from english into all the target languages . so for that , you need good pipeline . so that every week , you will have a new model adapted to this . so i think , it 's to use the the wednesday opportunity to have better marian systems as as a good thing . so but there - well , i 'm telling bet- i 'm telling b- saying better marian systems . ( ? ? ) to english ? ( b ) czech to english . ( ? ? ) do i fix it ? ( b ) so what is the current status of czech to english ? ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) one plan for ( ? ? ) was the ( ? ? ) current of the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) and i implement it way , how to improve it into the the missing characters . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) i can reshare this in one day to be f- well , fix the missing characters and improves bleu by one point . one decimal point . ( b ) one decimal point . so so right now , in the pipeline we use czech to english by martin popel . now . ( ? ? ) we can can use both . ( b ) yeah , so which did we- which one did we use a last week for , or - ? ( ? ? ) no , maybe it was edinburgh . ( b ) yeah . so this is something very important . we need to know what we are using . and we need to know , which one of them is is the best . so there is an important evaluation request . sangeet , could you evaluate on martin 's recorded talk ? which on the - well , we do n't have - that 's it . we have only the transcript we do n't have the translation . what data set can use for czech to english ? ( a ) we can translate like ( ? ? ) . ( b ) . bad . ( a ) ( b ) so well , i think , that simply obtain that . lets lets do it , lets do just - ( a ) or ( ? ? ) just thing convert to ( ? ? ) systems . ( b ) yeah , exactly . so please , sangeet , in preparation for wednesday , please , process martin 's dry run of the talk . would all be czech to english . setups , that you can use , in the pipeline , that are already integrated . on monday , we 'll interest in in like models , that do text translation , we will interested in , what is integrated in our speech processing pipeline . and please , send as the outputs , or put it to the - ( a ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) popel 's folder . so that will be , that will be - get in touch with dominik . so that you know , which model is is which . it will be the transformer by martin popel , it will be the marian by dominik . it could be marian by dominik with the missing letters in it . ( a ) . ( b ) yeah , if if if dominik fixes it . and it could - ( a ) . ( b ) yeah . and it could be and that from my point of view from my point of the of the more important . it could be marian by dominik , finetuned on the parallel data , that we will create by back translation , or maybe we find other parallel data in the domain of competition linguistics . so i think , that on for example for example on monday , sangeet , you could evaluate the existing systems and well , i evaluate , i mean , you run them and have the outputs . we do not have the reference translation . and on tuesday , dominik could fine tune the system . and on wednesday morning , we will decide , whether to d - which one to deploy for for the event . right ? ( a ) it 's okay . ( f ) okay . ( b ) but lets lets give it a try . ( a ) sure , sure , sure . so one question , do we have some own data on martin 's talk ? that we think of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) we have a source audio , that 's the one , that that 's jon\u00e1\u0161 - it 's it 's - i can say you 'd path , but i think you you must have the path . it 's the recording , that i have done with martin recently . there is in the domain adaptation 2020 january 29 , martin popel there should be there , there is the audio , and there is the transcript , and jon\u00e1\u0161 has corrected the transcript manually . ( a ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) would you see any ( ? ? ) ? it 's about 20 minutes of of audio . ( a ) no , i - i i i i have n't i actually have have i have n't open the access ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , okay . ( a ) so far i- i followed this so and i 'm i 'm ( ? ? ) probably something to progress so . ( b ) okay . so i 'm the a - at least , and maybe it is not totally ( ? ? ) of you , but it 's clearing my head , what we should should try with the - ( ? ? ) translation before this wednesday . what the happening ? okay , so i think , that's- we are 12 minutes beyond out time , let 's stop it now . we could spend months talking on this . so ( ? ? ) . ( a ) so- sorry , to interrupt to you ondrej . i i want thing to say to maybe ebrahim and dominik . i would like to use some in-domain data from - like european data to train the segmenter , like english and czech segmenter and use ebrahim 's evaluation tool to see , how they are doing . the the - in ( ? ? ) to the models , we have ( ? ? ) from czech ( ? ? ) . ( i ) okay , so . but i think i thnik , that should be ready - okay , i think , the tool should be ready next week . ( a ) uhm . ( i ) they have to be ready ( ? ? ) . no , no , i think because it 's ready , but every time we have some new assumption . ( a ) i ( ? ? ) and - ( i ) yes . and if i can get the first amount of data and after that , after the some is more test , i think , that the tool is ready and you can use it . ( a ) okay , okay . then i i 'll use this week maybe to train - to get in touch with dominik and get european data to train a new segmenter , without like . ( i ) and i think i 'm available next week and whenever you want , we can we can have a meeting together . and we can - ( a ) sure , sure , sure , sure . yeah , we we can dis- discuss for on this topic , yeah . yeah , this is never-ending . ( f ) okay , the next week , i 'm not available on thursday and friday because - ( a ) sure , sure , sure . ( f ) i am - ( a ) okay , okay , okay . no problem . ( b ) yeah , okay . so well , the next week , i 'm also not available on friday . so whoever is available , we 'll meet on thursday and we have the the session on on wednesday . okay . thanks . thanks a lot to all . if there no further questions and no further comments then - ( i ) thank you . ( ? ? ) thank 's . ( ? ? ) bye , bye . . ( a ) ciao , good night . ( b ) yeah , . .", "tgt": "data has to be downloaded only once to avoid duplication of the work . ond\u0159ej \u2019 s summary of work . the domain adaptation for university open day and a dry run for the workshop on february 12 ( going to be given fo eurosai congress ) . nlp technologies will be presented to sao . sangeet: work on asr for several youtube videos , as needed by daniel . preparing transcript for the monday seminar . getting through peter \u2019 s asr . domain adaptation , talk adaptation and speaking of the words . preparation of the english segmenter . observed terrible score - need to improve boundary detection and focus on the sentences . plan to work on getting uedin systems running on our machines . developing launching scripts , more needed - a collaboration with mat\u00fa\u0161 . dominik: downloading corpora . epic european parliament interpretation corpus and europarl-st . plenary session since july 2018 . a feature for mass downloading required . the main project- multi-source slt research until march 6. english and german to czech . if multi-source improves mt output , it could be deployed during march / april . to include karlsruhe to the surge . binding worker for asr and the mediator . to connect kaldi and jasper to the mediator . sunit: compression - waiting for the data from sangeet . measurement of the asr quality drop . to check it compressed and uncompressed . it should be done via the mediator . marian multi-source . ebrahim: a tool for evaluation of slt . to evaluate submissions in shared tasks . problem with segmenter - some words are repeated more than once . delay is defined by segmenter based on time , delay based on mwar segmenter . this tool should be then regularly run by daniel on outputs of various system parts , including full systems deployed and run by sangeet . regular measurements of the asr , end-to-end , quality , delay and flicker . atul: collection of in-domain monolingual data , for auditing domain . german , french , spanish , english , czech is required ( excluding italian ) . collaboration of atul and vojt\u011bch - they both need to convert pdfs to corpus styles . to ensure using the best tool - could be a language-dependent , all linux based . daniel: data management for the eurosai congress . managing annotators . iwslt development and testing . only english to german and english to czech . peter: forced alignment tool for english and czech . asr improvement . moving from the rolling window approach to growing hypothesis with a stable prefix . tom kocmi: backtranslation - the data is required . english to czech . a possibility to test it on martin \u2018 s talk . domain adaptation . to gather the better models \u2013 and for we need a better pipeline . model adaptation every week - the importance of knowing which model is used . sangeet will evaluate the testing systems on monday- to run them and to have the outputs . dominik fine-tunes the system . the source audio on martin \u2018 s talk is in the domain adaptation 2020 january 29 martin popel . sangeet would like to use european in-domain data to train the segmenter ( english to czech ) and ebrahim \u2018 s tool for evaluation ."}
{"src": "( a ) so far i- i followed this so and i 'm i 'm ( ? ? ) probably something to progress so . ( b ) okay . so i 'm the a - at least , and maybe it is not totally ( ? ? ) of you , but it 's clearing my head , what we should should try with the - ( ? ? ) translation before this wednesday . what the happening ? okay , so i think , that's- we are 12 minutes beyond out time , let 's stop it now . we could spend months talking on this . so ( ? ? ) . ( a ) so- sorry , to interrupt to you ondrej . i i want thing to say to maybe ebrahim and dominik . i would like to use some in-domain data from - like european data to train the segmenter , like english and czech segmenter and use ebrahim 's evaluation tool to see , how they are doing . the the - in ( ? ? ) to the models , we have ( ? ? ) from czech ( ? ? ) . ( i ) okay , so . but i think i think , that should be ready - okay , i think , the tool should be ready next week . ( a ) uhm . ( i ) they have to be ready ( ? ? ) . no , no , i think because it 's ready , but every time we have some new assumption . ( a ) i ( ? ? ) and - ( i ) yes . and if i can get the first amount of data and after that , after the some is more test , i think , that the tool is ready and you can use it . ( a ) okay , okay . then i i 'll use this week maybe to train - to get in touch with dominik and get european data to train a new segmenter , without like . ( i ) and i think i 'm available next week and whenever you want , we can we can have a meeting together . and we can - ( a ) sure , sure , sure , sure . yeah , we we can dis- discuss for on this topic , yeah . yeah , this is never-ending . ( f ) okay , the next week , i 'm not available on thursday and friday because - ( a ) sure , sure , sure . ( f ) i am - ( a ) okay , okay , okay . no problem . ( b ) yeah , okay . so well , the next week , i 'm also not available on friday . so whoever is available , we 'll meet on thursday and we have the the session on on wednesday . okay . thanks . thanks a lot to all . if there no further questions and no further comments then - ( i ) thank you . ( ? ? ) thank 's . ( ? ? ) bye , bye . . ( a ) ciao , good night . ( b ) yeah , . .", "tgt": "started transcribing youtube videos . done voice domain adaptation . convert mainly pdf file formats to corpus styles . iwslt - > only to czech and german . 7 asr languages to the english and then from english to target languages - > then every week new model will be adapted to this . get european data to train a new segmenter . workshop dry run for eurosai congress ( 12 . 02 . 2020 ) . get edinburgh models used in our pipelines . multi-source spoken language translation research ( until 06 . 03 . 2020 ) ."}
{"src": "( a ) can you guys hear me ? ( b ) ( ) \u00e2 yes , i can hear someone . \u00e2 ( a ) it is sangeet . \u00e2 ( b ) oh , hi sangeet so , yeah . ( a ) hi , hi , hi . \u00e2 ( b ) 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 there was the pin , but it 's also your net ( ? ? ) . ( a ) okay , i 'll fix that ( ? ? ) .\u00e2 ( b ) that 's okay , i like it , it 's fine . \u00e2 ( a ) okay it 's fine , okay . ( b ) the recording has already started , as i see . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) and i see peter is on the call as well . ( a ) uhm , okay , okay , okay . ( b ) so but i do n't know ( ? ? ) . ( c ) i can hear you guys properly , but lower clear , but - ( b ) yeah , peter is guess i do n't know what ( ? ? ) \u00e2 ( ) ( c ) he should be there . \u00e2 ( b ) was he . ( ? ? ) in second . \u00e2 so hear you and see me right ? ( c ) yeah , i can not see you , but i can hear you . ( b ) so the connection is too slow perhaps because i 'm probably - or maybe i 'm not sharing the camera . ( c ) yeah , do we do we need to share camera as well ? \u00e2 ( b ) no , no . ( c ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) ( ? ? ) in second ( ? ? ) colleagues . so i am already connected with sunit . \u00e2 ( a ) yeah ( b ) i 'll switch off the camera just to save bandwidth , camera off . and there is -\u00e2 okay , so there is also vojt\u00e4\u203ach . ( ) does it work ? ( ) ( b ) so the we should be muting ourselves , when we are not talking . ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) sangeet , you can mute yourself , while you are not talking . yes , okay . and i would feel like to hear from peter if he is on the call . because i see him connected , \u00e2 but i don't\u00e2 see him there . \u00e2 and i do n't hear him . hm , well , maybe not there , never mind . lets - okay , lets get started anyway . \u00e2 and this call is being recorded because i 'm also collecting various meetings . so i hope that all okay with that been recorded and and actually we would like to release this publicly , but with some delay of like this is a so that is not no longer interesting . and there is a good point , we will send you a link to google form , where you will fill in , that you agree , what this to be used and there you can specify the limit , \u00e2 what would you would like this-\u00e2 which you require to be , em , to be followed before the data is released . okay , so , thanks a lot for coming . \u00e2 you all know this document , the surge 2020 organization . \u00e2 this is just the envelope . the more important document is the elitr monday ( ? ? ) topics . and another document , which is now becoming very important , \u00e2 will be this google sheet , with all the things , that that you have done . and the the point of these meetings , and i would really like to have every week . next week it should be on thursday\u00e2 and then until the end of exam period it would be thursdays and then we will vote all again , what is the best day . the purpose of these meetings is for everybody to say , \u00e2 what they are working on , and what they have in mind for the upcoming weeks , and the reason is for me to collect these credits . this is important . so whatever you do n't sell to me or not getting any bonus for . remember that . and also , we must synchronize ourselves because no there more people doing the same thing . so for example\u00e2 now , vojt\u00e4\u203ach , are you on the call ? can you confirm that you can hear us ? ( d ) well , i am on the call , \u00e2 but i have a lot of problem understanding you so . ( b ) yes , i 'm talking too fast i guess\u00e2 and the microphone is not perfect . yeah . so the point of the call is to make sure , \u00e2 that people know , what others are doing , and they nicely , well like a collaborate , in the sense that no work is done twice . \u00e2 and no data is is downloaded twice and so on . so we have now , also daniel here , he is going to - ( e ) bring a chair . ( b ) yes , to bring a chair . and so the -\u00e2 so , the - so right now , \u00e2 i would like everybody to go like one by one and summarize in a minute or 2 , \u00e2 what you have been working on previous week . and everybody should very carefully listen to this and see any possible synergy . so i 've asked a number of people for now to download the eurosai database data . this has to be downloaded only once\u00e2 obviously and has to be convert to plain text only once . so so who- whoever does that , \u00e2 \u00e2 please let everybody else , know . \u00e2 and this a- and it 's similar . \u00e2 so after we do this summary of activities , \u00e2 there are being worked on , or finalized , then we can spend the rest of the the half hour for planning , what is the most important next thing\u00e2 and who would like to pick up for . but there is also less importance . \u00e2 more important is to avoid duplicating our work . \u00e2 yeah , so , well , i i 'm not working on anything specific myself . \u00e2 i 'm just starting . \u00e2 i 'm just telling people what to do . \u00e2 so i think that i should not -\u00e2 well , i can give you very brief , thin , brief summary . \u00e2 so\u00e2 there is the again , university open day , next wednesday for which we are doing domain adaptation\u00e2 and then there will be on the 12th of february a dry run of the workshop , \u00e2 \u00e2 that we are going to give for the eurosai congress . so that is two and half hours of hands on experience with natural language processing tools . \u00e2 5 colleagues at least from \u00e3\u0161fal , going to the supreme audit office offices\u00e2 and presenting these nlp technologies . and we would do again like this subtitled . \u00e2 it will be held in english . \u00e2 the domain of competition fix , the various tools . \u00e2 so\u00e2 that will be the next event , for which we should like try the domain adaptation surge again . \u00e2 so\u00e2 this is important for you vojt\u00e4\u203ach . in the sense -\u00e2 so , so after martin 's talk , \u00e2 the next occasion to test things is the- is this english given presentations of the tools . if we do n't manage to adapt our systems , that 's not too important . \u00e2 we will be recording the session anyway . \u00e2 there will be one more of session , \u00e2 and then there will be one more dry run . \u00e2 and there will be the final session on on the congress , \u00e2 or at the congress . so for the february of 12th , we can live with current models . \u00e2 but if we have something adapted for ( ? ? ) linguistic domain , then even better . \u00e2 so this is my summary . then quickly in the the semester , the monday seminars will start again . and we could again use it . which of that domain adaptation practice . yeah , so , that 's from me . so i do n't know , maybe we should just follow in a circle . \u00e2 so t- the important thing is , \u00e2 whether the people remotely present , can confirm , that they 've understood at least something . ( a ) yes , so , i can confirm , that i 've understood everything , what ondrej said and i write them . and if you guys want , i can say , what i have been doing like since a week . ( b ) okay , yes . ( a ) or what i plan to do next week . \u00e2 okay , so , last week , i started do transcribing the youtube videos . that was shared by daniel . \u00e2 so the english transcriptions are done . \u00e2 and the czech i i 'll do like today , or i 'll start it tomorrow . \u00e2 the next thing , that i spent last week , like the weekends preparing transcript for the monday seminar . and also into getting the peter 's asr , followed by segmenter . \u00e2 and i also did a voice domain adaptation and ( ? ? ) domain adaptation and talk adaptation and speaking of the words . speaking of the words and the common words and substituting them in the dictionary . but i realized , this for one them properly because i- because it was ultimately lock ( ? ? ) to recognise . so i feel needed to maping was not then properly . \u00e2 so this is something , i need to recollect again . and try it to work next time . \u00e2 the next thing , i did , there was preparation of the english\u00e2 english segmenter . and the next task , which i need to focus on is the because i observed some terrible\u00e2 ( ? ? ) scores on\u00e2 one form , which is the period . \u00e2 so i need to focus more on sentence , boundary detection on both english and czech segmenter . \u00e2 things i need to do , is in-coming days , integrate sunit 's audio compression on these youtube videos . and progress more on the university of edinburgh 36 36 empty models and doc translation , and basically like ( ? ? ) that atul . so that the work is not duplicated again , as more on their size . and , yeah , and spend more time on integrate of ( ? ? ) office ( ? ? ) and text additions from dominik . so that 's it from me . ( b ) yeah . so could you clarified i misheard something about the models . so what what is your plan with the english 36 models ? what exactly do ( ? ? ) ? ( a ) so , exactly like i i i lost some i do not do that . \u00e2 there was not documentation . \u00e2 i 've been hope you do n't go , that 's hard to use the model . \u00e2 so he sent me some instructions and i 've been to follow that . \u00e2 yeah , so , ( ? ? ) i\u00e2\u00b4m going to be in touch with atul . so that the work is not duplicated . \u00e2 ( b ) yeah , i see . okay , so , your goal is to get edinburgh models used in our pipelines . ( a ) yeah ( b ) yeah , okay . \u00e2 and there is one more person to synchronize on what the launching of these models and that 's mat\u00e3\u00ba\u00e5\u00a1 \u00e5\u00bdilinec . ( a ) okay , so , i ( ? ? ) .\u00e2 ( b ) mat\u00e3\u00ba\u00e5\u00a1 successfully managed to run these models , \u00e2 and he is developing . \u00e2 he is using the models for the paraphrasing . ( a ) aha , okay . \u00e2 so he is successful ( ? ? ) .\u00e2 i should pick up his hand to give them on maybe one mediator . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . atul , or mat\u00e3\u00ba\u00e5\u00a1 or perhaps dominik . ( a ) yeah . \u00e2 ( b ) okay , thank you . ( a ) thank you , okay . ( b ) so\u00e2 now we can move to\u00e2 dominik . are you ? ( f ) yeah . so i 've already - my work include this document . so recently , i downloaded some new corpora of interpret spoken language . \u00e2 so it 's a epic european parliament interpretation corpus and must see europarl-st . \u00e2 these are corpora created by us . \u00e2 and i 'm trying to do your part , and i 'm downloading all of plenary session from your parliament since july 2018 . and 1.7 terabytes of audios , videos interpreting in 22 languages . and it 's a lots of work to process them . these chunk to individual speeches , and so so i am not doing any further work from this . and i i was mailing\u00e2 with your webmasters , cause they were complaining , that i used there website too much . ( b ) ( f ) and they suggested , that they they implement a feature for mass mass downloading . and i i asked them to to enable to create such corpora , together with with transcriptions and interpretations and i do n't have any - ( b ) ( ? ? ) response . ( f ) any response yet so . so i do n't feel i even this , but will be ( ? ? ) . my main project , until 6th of march is it 's is multi-source spoken language translation research . and i bring it for english and german into czech . ( b ) yeah , so . ( f ) so i 'm starting . ( b ) yeah , so , this meetings are especially for the eurosai event . ( f ) yeah . ( b ) so what you have described , can very much help that because all the data that you have gathered , would be used to retrain the asr models . so , that 's an important thing . so that people , we do n't have jon\u00e3\u00a1\u00e5\u00a1 and unsure if peter , are you on the call or not ? ( g ) yeah , i somehow managed to get here , but i have some problems with with hear to hear you . i do not know why because - ( b ) yes . ( g ) but now , now it 's okay . now it 's okay . ( b ) yes , so , it depends where i am if i 'm on the correct side of the microphone , or not perhaps , as well . so so the the data that dominik mentioned , these can be used for all the models , that we are training ourselves . and which also like talk to others , karlsruhe to train their models better . so we need to somehow include them in the surge . so that they also improve - they have at least too ( ? ? ) of the model , until the congress . so that we would perform better . but dominik 's main goal until the feb 6th deadline is to experiment with multiple translation . and if this is successful , if we see an improvement from the additional sources , then this is something , which we would directly use in the surge afterwards . and there will be a requirement for sangeet to have the pipelines ready . so that - we have process multi-source and create english by integrating the many sources . so this is until this until this until we choose some us- some utility , we do not consider it a requirement , or we are not planning to to run multi-source translation at the event . but if it is if it works , then then it would be great contribution . okay , thank you . ( f ) my last part is that i started to do the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator . so we can connect jasper and and kaldi to mediator . so we wo n't need to connect them separately as as well . ( b ) okay . ( f ) to this . ( h ) so i 've already collaborated with sangeet for the compression thing . ( b ) okay . ( h ) and this week , i was working on the marian thing . ( b ) so is it - ? if we tested ( ? ? ) ? ( h ) i- i do n't know the efficiency . the sangeet is not given me any updates of that like the efficiency of that . so i except that i was working on the like the marian thing , trying to clear on with it . and this waiting for the data . as you said from mat\u00e3\u00ba\u00e5\u00a1 . ( b ) so what the what the compression ? so sangeet , can you tell us , h- how - if you manage to test the compression , that hopefully was somehow proposed by sunit . and- and do you manage to test it ? what - how much ? ( a ) so sunit has differently updated me the ( ? ? ) the compression , and but i am - i was unable - i did n't find time to deal it with the current- my current pipeline . because i was s- i spent like last weekend on preparing for the monday seminar . and audio compression was not on me\u00e2 focus for the monday . so probably , maybe i coming 1 , 2 days , that should be integrated . and i 'll be sharing our statistics and how much laws are we able to do - ( b ) great . ( a ) come up with ( ? ? ) compression . ( b ) so another option would be to tell sunit , how to run it . so that sunit could connect to the mediator and test it test it himself . so if that would be easier for you , instead of evaluating it for sunit to update a review that works for some of the setups sunit sunit would check out the crews control , do the set up from his laptop and connect to his laptop , with his laptop connected to wired connection and evaluating the the asr quality with compression , or without compression . that 's another option . ( a ) i completely agree with you . so what i am going to do next , is that we can take a- any of the monday seminar revised transcript and we can to take that as a test set , and we can do as uncompressed and check the word error rate , and\u00e2 we can do a compressed pipeline and again check the word error rate and let 's see , how it goes , so here we got some propose . ( b ) yeah . but what what i 'm proposing is , that not you , but sunit would do this . ( a ) yeah , exactly , sunit sunit exactly , yeah . so i i 'm going to instruct all these to sunit , yeah . ( b ) yeah , so that sunit runs this . and i would like to see the evaluation in two ways . one without mediator being involved , if that is possible . that is - ( a ) okay , okay . ( b ) that is not possible for the - no , no , no it is not possible for sunit to do because he - ( a ) yeah , exactly ( ? ? ) yeah . yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( b ) ( ? ? ) systems . so so we could do it via the mediator . and that is more important . ( a ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) so start with this this one only . okay ? ( a ) okay . ( b ) a thing , that sunit was talking about - ( h ) ( ? ? ) to collaborate with dominik and what we did . ( b ) yeah . yeah , but that 's for the other purpose . it 's not for not for the eurosai congress . ( h ) yeah . ( b ) okay , so it 's there anything in your plans from the surge , like what is going to directly help the eurosai congress ? ( h ) as of know i 'll be ready to interest like\u00e2 for example , the compression because the bandwidth is , an issue there . so for example , if the compression is not really effecting \u00e2 the asr output that that should be a really good thing . and i think ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i meant in the in the document of monday test , there is a list of wanted things . ( h ) yes , yes . ( b ) so if you do n't have any any immediate thing to try , then have a look and tell me , which which topic you would like to work\u00e2 on . ( h ) sure . ( b ) okay , thank you . yeah . ( i ) okay , so now , i 'm working on the framework or for example test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation . where can we have audio file and we want to translate it to s- to the target language . and i wanted to propose some ideas . some of them are novel , some of them- not because they are were represented before . for calculating the delay , bleu score and ( ? ? ) , all of them . i know , into the end yesterday , maybe no one account working on because we had a problem of segmentation . as you know , for example the segmentation in the difference part , could should should n't necessary - is the same as the segmentation . but empty my sheet , empty output prepared . so i we had a problem of segmentation , when we wanted to calculate delay . so i decided from yesterday to do to to propose a new idea . because using there mwar segmenter . we can segment both of them , but the problem is , when we want to calculate delay . sometimes we have some words are repeated more than once and it could make some problem . so now , in our tool set , i want to report who define delay . one segmenter based on time , exactly on the time , when they set us . and i report this delay . and also the delay based on the mwar segmenter . so now , i want to propose both se- both of them and so maybe ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so let me comment on this . so this this worrying that ebrahim is doing , is generally preparations for the slt shared task . so that we have a reliable tool to evaluate submissions in the shared task . and the shared task , that we are running at iwslt is directly aimed to help elitr in the eurosai congress . so the domain will include - the data set will include our domain and and all that . but i would like to somehow even further , or be on this iwslt shared task . the evaluation script of ebrahim to be used in this surge , in this in this gradual improvement of our systems . so this is something for sangeet . i would like ebrahim and sangeet to get directly in in contact . and sangeet to provide ebrahim with some output files as transcribed and the reference transcripts , so that you can test the tool . it will be like testing both . it will be testing the performance of our base-line system and measuring ( ? ? ) . and it will be testing your tool , whether it evaluates the the files correctly . so so the- there is like three people , that will work together very closely . that , one is sangeet , who has the access to the pipelines . and daniel such\u00e3\u00bd , who will know everything about the data . and ebrahim , who knows everything about the evaluation . and i would like regularly to have like measurements of the asr , end-to-end , quality , delay , and flicker . in the- on the systems , that are integrated ( ? ? ) . so that is that is the immediate help , that that your work will will provide to the to the eurosai congress . ( i ) okay , it will be - ( b ) yeah , so sangeet is sangeet is in india until end of january , is arriving in early february . so it 's not going to help us with the- with submission and prepare afterwards . ( i ) yes . ( b ) and it would be great , if you could set up - ( i ) exactly . ( b ) a regular evaluation of our pipelines . ( i ) just we have some intermediate data to test our framework , and it 's our papers , so we have it before that . yes , it 's good because after submission i can have a- ( ? ? ) which can i have a meeting with sangeet , and we can test everything ( ? ? ) so . ( b ) yeah , okay . thank you . ( i ) thank you very much . ( a ) can ebrahim and all of ( ? ? ) ? yeah , okay , thank you . ( b ) yeah , so the next one is atul . ( k ) in the la - in this weekend , last week , i worked on data collection to find the data , where is labeled of ( ? ? ) for send for 42 languages especially for monolingual languages . so i have i have already shared with with ondrej and daniel and sunit to ( ? ? ) . there is a - a link is already available . in the one link is ( ? ? ) in the one link 22 languages data available . it 's like a monolingual . we can see monolingual , but . ( b ) okay . so neither\u00e2 do i ( ? ? ) . i just - okay . ( k ) it ' a ( ? ? ) the name of this ( ? ? ) . okay . i 'm just ( scared ) now , where is the link ? \u00e2 okay . \u00e2 it 's a ( ? ? ) . sorry . european ( ? ? ) of auditors web site ( ? ? ) . 42 languages , 42 european languages . ( b ) you know something about some excel , that you sent to us ? ( k ) yes . ( b ) or , what what is that ? can you - ? ( k ) so maybe , maybe it 's ( ? ? ) anyone so we can edit . ( ? ? ) edited . and then copy and send it by plain mail because i also did n't receive that . that so google is not sharing the properly - ( k ) okay , so i 'm hoping ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( b ) what ? ( k ) so , okay . ( b ) yes so so you are scanning the websites . ( k ) yes . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . and maybe others list it in the google sheet . ( k ) yes . i have also searched the parallel data that i ignored the ( ? ? ) because most of the data is available ( ? ? ) of the other six languages . and ( ? ? ) we requirement it eurosai congress . and we had 7 languages so - ( b ) the italian is not - ( k ) yeah , italian is not included , so i exclude italian . so german , french , spanish , english , czech . and so it is already mentioned , but we need to download all the pdf documents . ( b ) yeah . on this - so now vojt\u00e4\u203ach , can you hear us ? vojt\u00e4\u203ach , can you hear us ? ( d ) yes , i can . ( b ) yeah , so i think , now it is very important , that you and atul will synchronize on the thing tools because both 's you and atul need to convert all the many file formats , especially pdfs , that are hard to process ( ? ? ) . and you both have some tools for that and you also , both of you need to convert it to corpus styles . so one sentence per line . and if it 's parallel text , then - that 's that is not for you vojt\u00e4\u203ach , but that would be for atul to aline in that ( ? ? ) more sentences and so on . but getting from random file formats to the sentence oriented plain text , is something which both of you have to do . and it would be a big pitty , if you did it twice . so please , be in touch . you needs it differently , like the way voj\u00e4\u203ach needs it is for smaller sets of files and more or less interactively . the way atul needs it is is to have it parallelizable on the on the cluster . so that you can process a huge collections of files . so the this setup is slightly different . but still , the underlying tools would be would be the same . so please , stay in close touch . so you use both ( ? ? ) tokenizer ( ? ? ) . vojt\u00e4\u203ach and i do n't know , what atul use - ( k ) i use ( ? ? ) for this ( ? ? ) . for pdf text convertor ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , i do n't i do n't - so so yes , so simply - ( k ) i 've been- i have already sent two pdf files - ( b ) uhm . ( k ) to you and - ( b ) yeah . ( k ) everyone . ( b ) yeah , so lets work a little bit of evaluation . which of the tools is is easy to use and produces good results ? so vojt\u00e4\u203ach , please be in touch with atul and make sure , that you both use the best tool . ( k ) yeah because the most of the tool like g- or for german , ( ? ? ) is working fine . ( b ) uhm . ( k ) and work the for ( ? ? ) gives really bad ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , okay , so it could be language dependent . ( k ) yeah , language dependent . so i think we can use different tool like every word is a word ( ? ? ) can works pdf to text format . ( b ) yeah , yeah . and all these are linux based . ( k ) yes - ( b ) all they can be run - ( k ) and anyone - ( b ) yeah , yeah , okay , that 's good . so vojt\u00e4\u203ach , please , confirm again , that the voice was good , that you understood us . ( d ) well , i understood only a part of thing , but i will get in touch with atul and whatever is needed . ( b ) yeah . yeah , it 's it 's not only needed , it is it 's that what atul knows , can help you with your bachelor thesis . you should benefit from that experience as well . so it's- it it 's mutual- mutually beneficial . ( d ) ( b ) okay , thank you . and now we have daniel such\u00e3\u00bd here . ( e ) yeah . so my job 's to to have an overview of all the data , we use for for the eurosai congress . to integrate it and to create test sets , test sets using them . so so you 've anyone had some some data source . ( ? ? ) i have list the whole that all things and i will- i have do a store on the cluster . so basically , i 've i 've done ( ? ? ) part cluster overview . all this- all this things , that we use as a source of data . and i also worked with with people , which do do the manual work , or for example creating transcription , translations , or the stuff . so i am reworking with them giving them tasks to do and ( ? ? ) them , hiring them . it 's cool . ( b ) yeah . not in this thing yet , but later , when - so so right now daniel is mainly working on the iwslt test set , or test set\u00e2 and ( ? ? ) that we have to released . and these iwslt , that 's spoken language translation from english into two languages of our interest only . so only into czech and german . and beyond that , daniel will be also supervising and knowing , where the pits are for the old language pairs and translation directions , that we want for the eurosai congress . and one 's this test set is stabilized . we would really like to to run the regular evaluation . so that 's , what i was telling earlier , that sangeet should regularly process the test sets with pipelines and use the evaluation tool by e- ebrahim . and these numbers should be then like a picked up , or collected by daniel . so that we can know , that all these numbers are comparable in some way . so by this - it - so daniel should be collecting , not only the numbers , but the actual outputs of the system . and doing sanity check of of of the ( ? ? ) as well . so maybe , it would be daniel , who 'll be running the the tool by ebrahim . in the end . ok . so we have also peter on the call . so peter , if you can report work briefly . ( g ) yeah , hi , i 've done i 've done the forced alignment . it 's the- on the- it 's in the repository , in the cruise control , on the - ( ) in the in the folder cuni jasper asr . so there 's a demo and and some readme , which you can check and you can run my asr . and you can run the forced alignment . and there is- there is also information about- where the - where the actual installation is in the cluster , because you have- you have to use custom environment , python environment and pytorch environment to run my models . so you can do it only in cluster . and now , i 'm working on on onlinezation of my asr , because as as you may know , i have problems with with transcribing , the running window , which cuts the words in the middle and then the then the language model does strange things , to to the all words in the whole trans- transcription . so that 's , what i 'm currently working on . ( b ) yeah , okay , thank you . so do we have anyone else on the call ? does n't seem so . so well , time 's up . we were we were 5 minutes - ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) working- i working back translation . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) so we are ( running ) same - we are going to plan and we are going to implement a back translation in the next week . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) so after collecting a data , or before , we can run that and - before , like- okay . we are working on english to czech languages ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so well , back trans - there is multiple occasions , on which we can we can use these systems . the first occasion , for which we could try , is the talk by martin on wednesday already . and then we actually need to find tune systems to be deployed by wednesday . i am not sure , if this is feasible , or not . even if it 's not feasible , to to deploy it by wednesday , we need to gather these better models , where the weeks for all the languages . so asr all asr languages to- to the english . so all the 6 , or 7 asr languages to the english and then from english into all the target languages . so for that , you need good pipeline . so that every week , you will have a new model adapted to this . so i think , it 's to use the the wednesday opportunity to have better marian systems as as a good thing . so but there - well , i 'm telling bet- i 'm telling b- saying better marian systems . ( ? ? ) to english ? ( b ) czech to english . ( ? ? ) do i fix it ? ( b ) so what is the current status of\u00e2 czech to english ? ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) one plan for ( ? ? ) was the ( ? ? ) current of the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) and i implement it way , how to improve it into the the missing characters . ( b ) uhm . ( ? ? ) i can reshare this in one day to be f- well , fix the missing characters and improves bleu by one point . \u00e2 one decimal point . ( b ) \u00e2 one decimal point . so so right now , in the pipeline we use czech to english by martin popel . now . ( ? ? ) we can can use both . ( b ) yeah , so which did we- which one did we use a last week for , or - ? ( ? ? ) no , maybe it was edinburgh . ( b ) yeah . so this is something very important . we need to know what we are using . and we need to know , which one of them is is the best . so there is an important evaluation request . sangeet , could you evaluate on martin 's recorded talk ? which on the - well , we do n't have - that 's it . we have only\u00e2 the transcript we do n't have the translation . what data set can we use for czech to english ? ( a ) we can translate like ( ? ? ) . ( b ) . bad . ( a ) ( b ) so well , i think , that simply obtain that . lets lets do it , lets do just - ( a ) or ( ? ? ) just thing convert to ( ? ? ) systems . ( b ) yeah , exactly . so please , sangeet , in preparation for wednesday , please , process\u00e2 martin 's dry run of the talk . would all be czech to english . setups , that you can use , in the pipeline , that are already integrated . on monday , we 'll interest in in like models , that do text translation , we will interested in , what is integrated in our speech processing pipeline . and please , send as the outputs , or put it to the - ( a ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) popel 's folder . so that will be , that will be - get in touch with dominik . so that you know , which model is is which . it will be the transformer by martin popel , it will be the marian by dominik . it could be marian by dominik with the missing letters in it . ( a ) . ( b ) yeah , if if if dominik fixes it . and it could - ( a ) . ( b ) yeah . and it could be and that from my point of view from my point of the of the more important . it could be marian by dominik , finetuned on the parallel data , that we will create by back translation , or maybe we find other parallel data in the domain of competition linguistics . so i think , that on for example for example on monday , sangeet , you could evaluate the existing systems and well , i evaluate , i mean , you run them and have the outputs . we do not have the reference translation . and on tuesday , dominik could fine tune the system . and on wednesday morning , we will decide , whether to d - which one to deploy for for the event . right ? ( a ) it 's okay . ( f ) okay . ( b ) but lets lets give it a try . ( a ) sure , sure , sure . so one question , do we have some own data on martin 's talk ? that we think of ( ? ? ) . ( b ) we have a source audio , that 's the one , that that 's jon\u00e3\u00a1\u00e5\u00a1 - it 's it 's - i can say you 'd path , but i think you you must have the path . it 's the recording , that i have done with martin recently . there is in the domain adaptation 2020 january 29 , martin popel there should be there , there is the audio , and there is the transcript , and jon\u00e3\u00a1\u00e5\u00a1 has corrected the transcript manually . ( a ) okay , okay , okay . ( b ) would you see any ( ? ? ) ? it 's about 20 minutes of of audio . ( a ) no , i - i i i i have n't i actually have have i have n't open the access ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , okay . ( a ) so far i- i followed this so and i 'm i 'm ( ? ? ) probably something to progress so . ( b ) okay . so i 'm the a - at least , and maybe it is not totally ( ? ? ) of you , but it 's clearing my head , what we should should try with the - ( ? ? ) translation before this wednesday . what the happening ? okay , so i think , that's- we are 12 minutes beyond out time , let 's stop it now . we could spend months talking on this . so ( ? ? ) . ( a ) so- sorry , to interrupt to you ondrej . i i want thing to say to maybe ebrahim and dominik . i would like to use some in-domain data from - like european data to train the segmenter , like english and czech segmenter and use ebrahim 's evaluation tool to see , how they are doing . the\u00e2 the - in ( ? ? ) \u00e2 to the models , we have ( ? ? ) from czech ( ? ? ) . ( i ) okay , so . but i think i think , that should be ready - okay , i think , the tool should be ready next week . ( a ) uhm . ( i ) they have to be ready ( ? ? ) . no , no , i\u00e2 think because it 's ready , but every time we have some new assumption . ( a ) i ( ? ? ) and - ( i ) yes . and if i can get the first amount of data and after that , after the some is more test , i think , that the tool is ready and you can use it . ( a ) okay , okay . then i i 'll use this week maybe to train - to get in touch with dominik and get european data to train a new segmenter , without like . ( i ) and i think i 'm available next week and whenever you want , we can we can have a meeting together . and we can - ( a ) sure , sure , sure , sure . yeah , we we can dis- discuss for on this topic , yeah . yeah , this is never-ending . ( f ) okay , the next week , i 'm not available on thursday and friday because - ( a ) sure , sure , sure . ( f ) i am - ( a ) okay , okay , okay . no problem . ( b ) yeah , okay . so well , the next week , i 'm also not available on friday . so whoever is available , we 'll meet on thursday and we have the the session on on wednesday . okay . thanks . thanks a lot to all . if there no further questions and no further comments then - ( i ) thank you . ( ? ? ) thank 's . ( ? ? ) bye , bye . . ( a ) ciao , good night . ( b ) yeah , . .", "tgt": "inform about point of the meeting \u2013 inform others of what everyone working on and what is prepared for the upcoming weeks and to make sure that no work is done twice . inform of thursdays meetings until the end of exam period . after exam period will be arranged new date of meetings . inform of important documents - the surge 2020 organization , elitr monday topics and google sheet . ask to download the eurosai database data and it has to be convert to plain text only once . inform about university open day on 12th february for which is doing domain adaptation and then there will be dry run of the workshop . that we are going to give for the eurosai congress . there will be colleagues from \u00fafal and will present nlp technologies . it will be held in english . important for vojtech \u2013 event for try domain adaptation surge . there will be one more dry run and final session will be at the congress . inform that monday seminar will start again \u2013 domain adaptation practice . we are going to plan and we are going to implement a back translation in the next week . is working on back translation . sangeet: done things: started transcribing the youtube videos shared by daniel . english transcriptions are done and will start with czech . prepare transcript for monday seminars . and into peter\u00b4s asr , followed by segmenter . did voice domain adaptation and talk adaptation and speaking of the words . prepare of english segmenter . things to do: to focus more on sentence , boundary detection on both english and czech segmenter . integrate sunit 's audio compression on these youtube videos . progress more on the university of edinburgh 36 empty models and doc translation . to get models used in our pipelines . ondrej informs sangeet about person who manage to run the models \u2013 matu\u0161 \u017eilinec . dominik: downloaded new corpora of interpret spoken language - epic european parliament interpretation corpus and europarl-st . downloading all of plenary session from parliament since july 2018 . and 1.7 terabytes of audios , videos interpreting in 22 languages . started with main project - until 6th march multi-source spoken language translation research . and bring it for english and german into czech . started to do the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator . is able to connect jasper and kaldi to mediator and not need to connect them separately . ondrej add that the gathered data are very important because it would be used to retrain the asr models and it is needed to somehow include them in the surge . and there will be a requirement for sangeet to have the pipelines ready . sunit: collaborated with sangeet on compression . it is needed updates from sangeet . sangeet show to sunit how to evaluate via the mediator . was working on marian thing . ebrahim: working on the framework or for example test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation . have a problem with segmentation , when calculate delay is wanted . have new idea to try . ondrej comment this that it is generally preparations for the slt shared task . and it is for sangeet . together will work ebrahim ( evaluation ) , sangeet ( pipelines ) and daniel ( data ) . atul: worked on data collection . atul will be in touch with vojtech and they will synchronize the tools to convert all the file formats . daniel: have an overview of all the data for eurosai congress to integrate it and to create test sets ( iwslt ) . will do a store on cluster . worked with people who do manual work . to run regular evaluation - daniel collect outputs from sangeet who process the test sets with pipelines and use the evaluation tool by ebrahim . peter: done the forced alignment . now is working on onlinezation of asr . have problems with with transcribing , the running window , which cuts the words in the middle and then the language model does strange things to the all words in the whole transcription ."}
{"src": "( o ) so we have ( ? ? ) here . again we are recording this for the purposes of minuting . and one of the early sessions is actually already being , or it could be transcribed by an annotator . so the news from me are that , we had session like live workshop ( ? ? ) run at the supreme audit office on wednesday and all the presentations went kind of well for the people who could understand english , because that was run in english , and people who had to rely on our subtitling were totally lost . so , the , the head of the particle division of the supreme audit office was at first very angry like not , not allowed to , to everybody , but i was talking to him for more than five minutes , maybe ten minutes in the corridor . and he was expecting that the technology will be already useful for the users and i 've confirmed that the technology is now only working technically . and i do realize that it is not usable for , for those who do n't speak english . so we , we knew this beforehand , so the next the planned session with sangit that we have is , we do n't have date for that yet . but we will be watching some , for example french video , that we are kind of curious about the continent , but we do n't speak french . and we would like , so it has to be something that we can asr , and french is the , the best next option , and we will try to rely on the live generated translations into english , for example , and we will see how bad the translations will be . and we will also diagnose , the flicker , because for , if you do n't understand the source language , then you probably prefer longer delay , and less of flicker , but that 's something that has to be tested . so if anybody can join us , if anybody does not speak french , and would you have an idea what we would like to see , what what what would be an interesting french talk , please email us , get in touch and we 'll do it as as , like joined watching . so that 's , that 's one piece of news another bit is that the critically required , and as part of the usability for the users , the critical required the video and subtitles or the slides , and subtitles to be on the same screen . and , this is something that we also know about , milos kloucek has created something which is perhaps better than streaming of video , because the standard video players are designed , to play in a continues way . and they do n't care about the like , and if the like is being groan , then it 's too bad for us , but not too bad for the standard video players . so for that reason , um , milos kloucek created something which at the server side the presenting machine is really taking screenshots . and if the screenshots change , um , then it will , it will send it as an updated picture to the , to the browser , so the client will be the , simply displaying the most recent picture . and , this is something that ( m ) look like , the very ( ? ? ) solution , right ? taking screenshots . ( o ) ( ? another language ? ) sorry ? ( m ) um , i was saying that it looks like very like ( ? ? ) solution , like you know , hitting with hitting it with the hammer ( o ) yes , but it 's , i do n't think it 's too bad solution , because it 's intended for slides , there is usually no , it 's , it 's not good for videos obviously , there is no way this would work for videos , but it 's good for static slides , and the setup that we have on monday seminars all the time , and , um . excuse me . and the , on the , on the monday seminars the static slides they even , they even hide the , the watch , so there is like clock . so there is no change on the slides for a couple of dozen seconds . and i think that 's , that 's reasonable solution . so that 's , that 's , that 's the current thing that we have , but we still need to somehow organize the the layout to provide subtitles next to either subtitles or the paragraph you next to the slides . so we have one more person who just came , and that 's james level , he was um , visiting master students so to say , for semester here , and how , he 's now going to leave back for zurich or , yeah zurich ( ? ? ) . matus , you are in zurich , right ? ( m ) yeah , i am here . ( j ) where are you studying ? ( m ) i am studying at ath . ( j ) okay , ( ? ? ) , living in zurich whole time . ( m ) yeah ? and what are you studying ? ( j ) i am studying also computer science ( ? ? ) . ( m ) um-hum , yeah , nice to meet you . ( j ) thank you , also . ( o ) so , so you could meet him in person , ( ? ? ) , yeah . so , james agreed to join us for the surge , depending on his availability he 's or his some some paper to finish that , like project to finish , to make into paper , and then also help us in whatever is needed , so that the the surge documents . ok . so that was his since , i really have limited time , the last bit is that on monday at two i 'm giving a talk on the monday seminar . i 'll again inviting people to help , and i was curious , especially about vojtech , he was like successful with his exams , and if he could now work on domain adaptation , so that we could feed in computational linguistics language model for , like english talk on computational linguistics , and if that would be , if we if we could plug this into the into the current setup . so that 's the last bit from ( ? ? ) , and i 'd like you to do standard round , everybody saying: `` what what you have done . '' again , i 'm reminding you of , of the sheet , please enter your achievements , so as soon as you 've accomplished something , and the line there , otherwise we 'll forget who did what , and that 's too bad for the bonuses . ok , so who can start ? ( v ) well , if i may start . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( v ) alright , so i managed to would almost ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) into bigger script , so the processing should now be faster . ( o ) um-hum . ( v ) and i also looked into the , into the pronounce and fluxes . i , i 've sent email to the ( ? ? ) , about the , what i found , so if ( ? ? ) look into it , and say something , it would be great . ( o ) ah , i 'm ( ? ? ) , i double check . yeah , well , ( ? ? ) no one responded . yeah , okay , so we 'll ( ? ? ) , yeah , it 's it 's something that goes beyond the the time limit that that we have now . so the idea is that we need to provide all the forms , so as soon as the a word is found in , because your processing all the related materials , if the related materials , we are focusing on czech , if the related materials contain one word . then we need to include this word in the language model in all its forms . and , i dunno know , what is the the the key part of of your question , i would for simplicity assign all the words all these forms of the same word , the same probability . so i would like to , a replacement word , well actually not , i would choose a replacement word and use the corresponding forms of the replacement words . so if the new word is well , `` reference '' , such as the reference translation . and so that 's feminine known `` reference '' , then i would use that list of all czech word forms to generate all the forms of this word , so `` reference , `` referenci '' , `` referenci '' this is actually boring , so this , this is very few . `` referenc\u00edch '' , `` referencemi '' , all these , all these variants . and i would the pronunciation is something that you easily generate , and the replacement word should be some random feminine known , again , the similar , ideally with similar declaration pattern . and then you would use the corresponding form . so , `` reference '' , `` r\u016f\u017ee '' , `` r\u016f\u017e\u00edch '' , and you would replace it with with all these words . does that make sense ? ( v ) yes , it does . ( o ) does it answer your question ? ( v ) in the email , i was asking about . the internet coprocess , i should process the , the ( ? ? ) , because you mentioned some , you mentioned the ( ? ? ) transcript for using that , but from my findings , i 'm not sure if it does . ( ? ? ) ( o ) okay , yeah , so yeah , i 'll have a look at that . thank you . so , is there any chance that you would have some files ready for the monday talk , or not at all if not that 's not a problem , either , but there is all of the semesters are starting , so every monday there will be some more technical talk in english , mostly in english on ( ? ? ) meeting . so as soon as we have some domain adaptation data , we can plug them in , and that would be good . so what is the status ? is there any chance that he would have something for this monday ? ( v ) yeah should , i guess . ( o ) yeah , so please get in touch with sangit , i dunno where is sangit today , i forgot to , uh , i have n't seen him in the office . so please get in touch with sangit , and make sure that you feed those files to him , and he can use them . ( v ) okay , i will get in touch with sangit . ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . so then maybe jonas ? ( jo ) okay , so i have ( ? ? ) mostly the work and the ( ? ? ) , i have it for czech , but ( ? ? ) too difficult to modify for english , so , um , i ( ? ? ) , i received some domain input sentences , then i could search the database , and return a list of a singular sentence states , and some large focus , and it should also work on word level , so if i give it uh , ( ? ? ) , then it will find a sentences that are like ( ? ? ) , so it maybe , because i will be in the mountains on the weekend , but i will be back in like sunday night , so ( ? ? ) for the monday , and then i will be able to provide something , but probably either like monday morning or sunday late night , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) ( ? ? ) thank you , so i do n't think that ( ? ? ) ready and used for this monday , but it will be very good if you synchronize with vojtech , and if you provided this to vojtech . vojtech would use the files that we like find for the speaker , and as soon as we have the the the either you or vojtech , well that does n't matter who does that . but as soon as we have the talk specific corpus , so which is papers related to the ( ? ? ) is going to talk about and all like that . then if you could search before , search through a huge corpus of the ( ? ? ) language , czech or english for similar sentences and see how much much this corpus expansion can provide us with related other texts , other sentences . ( jo ) okay , but like this is not related to this monday seminar . ( o ) yes , yes , ( ? ? ) not yet all . ( jo ) okay , okay , so it will be best to if you synchronize ( ? ? ) , you can try ( ? ? ) , i 'm not sure how how , it can be like i just ( ? ? ) . ( o ) it depends on the domain , so if you are searching for ( ? ? ) , the chances ( ? ? ) zero . but if you are searching for the domain ( ? ? ) the supreme audit office , ( ? ? ) . that you should get in touch with vojtech , because vojtech ( ? ? ) some language model data related to my talk on monday , so it would be great , if you to try to put this to monday ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) okay and ( ? ? ) , i have ( ? ? ) that ( ? ? ) , they mostly ( ? ? ) presentation platform and how it could be ( ? ? ) , i ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , thank you , okay , so that 's from voj from jonas , and then matus . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so that we do the first people who are online , yeah ? ( m ) so actually , i worked on on three different things this week . and the first thing is the visualization , how was it called , real time audio visualization tool on the old realization tool , which is which basically i , i implemented i implemented a back end and the front end . the back end is a server in c + + , which is just reads the has gently reads the microphone signal , and then it sends it over web socket to the client , which is just a javascript piece of code that can be included in any webpage even on a remote machine . so that could make it possible to visualize the sound from the microphone the longer we , we have the volume . i also made it so that the the colors different colors , depending on the volume , though , the the last problem is that i 'm not sure how to stand those thresholds , and i wrote into email to ( ? ? ) that that they could do in in like three ways either i could just like . use like a random value that i think is correct . or i could just choose a recording from the from the minuting corpus , and i could perhaps , play the recording hopefully for myself and see how loud it is , and then see whether the . ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( m ) threshold . ( o ) yeah , so , for now for now please choose random thresholds . but as soon as we have the evaluation running , we can directly . ( m ) ( ? ? ) bit ready , yeah . ( o ) so you , sangit , you have already measured word rate a few times . ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so , but you have the scripts to test the asr . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so maybe sangit could email . ( s ) yeah , i will email . ( o ) okay , yeah , yeah . so if you if you have the the big pick , any of their recordings and played at various loudness levels , the level , and and as indicated or is calculated by your application , and then sat the threshold , so that they work for this , and if you are running any problem problems just set it to some random value . it 's only for indication so far , so we need to to like to polish the the the indicators , and it 's not , it 's not critical in this development stage . once it is set up , it will be very useful tool . but it is not blocking anything so sat it someway and we 'll see . so maybe the output could be a little bit more verbose so , that some number , would appear next to the next to the the image as well , so that when sangit is observing the session , and he notices that something is too quiet , and or too loud , he could mark down the number , so that he does n't have to take a screenshot and then . ( m ) that 's a good idea , yeah , yeah . ( o ) okay , thank you , so that 's the first thing ( m ) um , and also , i worked on the other paraphrasing model . ( o ) uh-hum . ( m ) like the the many to many machine translation model and i used the cloud tpu to train it , at first , i just used a data set of 300 million open subtitles from various languages . and i 'm going to deploy this data , and this trained model model today hopefully . it looks like the paraphrases are much better than the previous model . ( o ) okay , okay . ( m ) the problem is is that , the problem is just that , because it was trained with tpu that , there are some other like , ways of how it , how it saves the models . so i just have n't been able to export it so far , so hopefully i will get through this obstacle today . and i also received new data from edinburgh , and i 'm going to get it training today , and hopefully i will have some results , until until the end of the week , and . \u00a8 ( o ) yeah , okay , that 's great , that 's absolutely great news . so as soon as you have the marian models , that correctly load on our gpu 's , please email . ( m ) yeah , that 's the problem that that . so the problem is that that this was n't trained on marian . ( o ) oh , okay . ( m ) but i had to do it just in ( ? ? ) , because of the tpu support , so so most likely i will have to export it as . ( o ) i do n't think it 's possible to export . ( m ) yeah , well , there is one for ( ? ? ) actually , that i could use it 's called open neural network exchange format . i 'm not sure if i 'm not sure if if they support it , but it could be worth a try ( o ) i do n't think ( ? ? ) , is it ? open neural network . ( m ) it 's called open nmt . ( o ) no it 's not open nmt it 's like , neural network export format , but the critical thing is is that you have to know the architecture of the network . and in the architecture . ( m ) yeah , that 's the thing , yeah . yeah , you are right yeah , yeah there is probably , there is probably not a high chance that the architecture marian is precisely the same . ( o ) chances are very low to . ( m ) not for the , not for the paraphrasing server , or like for other use ( ? ? ) . i think that that they they can , it can be safely if we ( ? ? ) with the food like deserve fellow serving , which is just ( ? ? ) . so , so . ( o ) well . ( m ) so i think that it still be deployed . ( o ) yeah , so that 's great news for paraphrasing , like projects , but i do n't think there is any way in which we could benefit from that for elitr , because ( m ) does it have to be in marian ? ( o ) no , we are also serving , so that 's a good , um , question . so are we running the czech english from lindat , or not , because on lindat , there is tenderflow serving behind the scenes . so the english czech model is on tenderflow serving , but i \u2019 m afraid that we are running marian models . so we are running marian models , which are trained in a similar way , but still the well , marian , marian only and not tenderflow serving . so we we do n't have uh , the the connection to the the integration of tenderflow models , do we ? i do n't think if any . so we can we can ask , but perhaps it 's it 's they really good to evaluate this , like offline . ( m ) yeah definitely , so that we do n't burn time . ( o ) yeah , and see if we , so that 's a thing for sangit again , as we are growing , we still have not collect , obtained any single number from our models , in the in as they are in this setup , but we should get to that in in in the two weeks of february at the latest , so within these two weeks . we would know , how will these models , our models perform , and you should apply those models also on the same data , and we will see how big improvement , we can get . ( m ) if you could just send me , just some data set or or a link , or or just if it 's new stats what it is . so i can just run it . ( o ) sources , english sources , and you will provide all the target languages that you can . matus , right ? ( m ) uh , sorry . ( o ) it 's english in to many . ( m ) no , it 's many to many actually . ( o ) many to many , yeah , so we are mostly . ( m ) but it is , but it is trained like in english centric way , and and when i evaluated it on english , it has much better performance than in the other languages obviously , because it sees english all the time . ( o ) yeah , that 's the paraphrasing , but for elitr purposes , simply the send all the various recordings that we have already transcribed , and we do n't have translation for that , so we need to polish the data set , but just for . let 's just give it a try . so the best corpus is actually the the best file in the ( ? ? ) file which you have also translated into german . the one word they are talking about the cat and drawing the animals . so that one please . yeah , yeah , so we will send you something . ( m ) okay . ( o ) okay , thank you . and you mentioned the third thing ( m ) oh yeah , the third thing was the paraphrasing server itself , so . ( o ) okay . ( m ) so it is running , but the other results are n't satisfactory . ( o ) yeah , okay , great , that 's running when we wo n't need it . okay , thank you , great . perfect , so that was matus , and then there is nobody else on the remote call , so maybe artur ( a ) this week i worked on data collection , is basically four five languages , ( ? ? ) five languages so almost all the languages have finished , but some ( ? ? ) remaining . so i think i will finish in this week . and i will see all the parts with you and your and elitr folder , i will copy all the files . ( o ) that 's actually something which would be worthwhile if matus could translate all these languages into english , and english ( m ) which language is it again ? ( o ) so , it 's the it 's the big ones , english , french , german , spanish and . ( m ) yeah , so i would just make a model where i would throw away the low resource languages , and i would just use the main ones . ( o ) and why would create a special model ? because you think . ( m ) no , no no , sorry i did n't . ( o ) so artur is collecting multilingual data , and that means that we need to translate this to create synthetic pararell data . ( m ) ah , yes . ( o ) so , this is something that we want to like bootstrap so what we 'll do ( ? ? ) of that . and if you have now these models , if you believe these models . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) are better than the old edinburgh one , i believe that as well , then this is the good model to do the offline translations of all these large data . ( m ) yeah , yeah . yeah , definitely . ( a ) the languages can be used . ( o ) is it pararell ? ( a ) no no , right now it is n't modeling ( ? ? ) some documents ( ? ? ) available on pararell ( o ) but we 've we 've agreed that the pararell data extraction will be done by edinburgh . ( a ) edinburgh , yes , i already mentioned the . ( o ) so just like leave those pararell files for them and let 's use this single , the single side of those for the for the back translation . so please artur send the path , matus has access to the to the clusters and matus can run all the competition . so please send the path to all the source files that you had to matus and matus will apply the models , and we will get the first follow synthetic , very much in domain corpus , across these six main languages , and then redo this also with all the other 30 something languages . ( a ) um-hum , okay . ( o ) yeah , great that 's that 's good thing . so that that would i really happened during the next week , and we 'll see how then like what the data look like . and then we should try creating marian model on all this translation . yeah , okay , that 's good . ( m ) okay . ( o ) great , so that 's it . so now james , i do n't know if you have anything . ( j ) just let you know , i 'm just going back next week , i work part time , so that 's the reason i just had limited time for this project , and most of my tasks are ( ? ? ) translations from english to german to feed anything ( ? ? ) . if i have additional time , i will look at this , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah yeah , yeah , thank you . and then sangit . ( s ) hi everyone , so i 'll just make it quick ( ? ? ) how much this week , so i spend most of the time like preparing for the dry run . ( ? ? ) and we also worked on implementing the segmenter worker on ( ? ? ) and i am freezing some issues . the , and i 'm not able to run the script basically to deploy their worker on the mediator , and the installation was succesful , so this is like few our tasks , which i concerned ( ? ? ) . dominik helped me integrating buffer in the czech segmenter . so we have now more segmented czech text . so that 's all from me . ( o ) so increasingly . ( s ) ( ? ? ) but how her later i observed that when you give the complete , output ( ? ? ) at once segmenter , it gives a very impressive segments in the text . but when it is n't ( ? ? ) text keeps on coming , ( ? ? ) very less . ( o ) so is there a way in which you could train it so that it is more similar to the asr output . ( s ) so that 's how dominik helped me , ( ? ? ) buffer , i will be taking all the text and so that we like , all incoming text will . ( o ) watch out it must not slow down too much ( s ) yeah , exactly , so we are yet to ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so basically the whole incoming text will to keep on increasing entrance ( ? ? ) full context and it will help the segmenter making more segments basically , so . ( o ) yeah , okay , so that 's the buffer must not grow too big . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and another question , for what you are training on , because if you are training on correct text , and that 's the case , then there is like a domain mismatch of looked again , and a few sentences that martin popel was like saying in his czech presentation . and naturally , he is a repeating phrases it 's jumping out of the sentence , and then and then coming back to the sentence and this is some , this is a second output which we can handle . ( s ) i was reading newspaper , and i came across that they trained ( ? ? ) data set , and they also used some in domain ( ? ? ) data and all select auto domain . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so they mixed both of them , ( ? ? ) train the , so i am probably looking for this contact , maybe jonas to get me some czech in domain data . ( o ) so that 's a good question for jonas , what data set has the correct transcript which are as this ( ? ? ) as the natural speech . ( s ) yeah . and so select , these sentences should be in like connected to the ( ? ? ) conversations . ( o ) yeah , that 's also another , yeah , conversation . i do n't know what is more important . the the the fact that the jason sentences are on the same topic or whether the sentences are as the ( ? ? ) as in normal speech . i do n't know what is more important . ( s ) what the combinations should be okay , it should definitely be in domain data . ( o ) yeah . so jonas , do you have anything , any idea what data set could we use ? ( jo ) i 'm sorry , there was some buffering , do you mean data for like czech conversations talk ? ( s ) no , i mean data ( ? ? ) czech segment ( ? ? ) , domain data . like czech and ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) czech domain data . ( s ) yeah . i 'll probably send you an email so that ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) okay , okay , yeah , that would be better i think we can get in touch and definitely i can like , try to help you with that . ( s ) yeah . ( m ) i have a quick idea , could we perhaps make just something like , wikipedia page , or something like that with at least all possible data sets or all possible like you know purposes , so that so that when someone like has a new one , we can always just add it there , so it can be used by everyone else . ( o ) i did n't quite understand . ( s ) he proposes some wiki page of all the data that we are using , or we plan to use . ( o ) oh , uh . ( s ) is that right , for elitr only ? ( m ) yeah , for elitr only . ( o ) so the our data ambassador is daniel suchy , who is on vacation this week . and i 'm not sure if he is coming this week . but he would be the person to uh , to organize this , and he knows ( ? ? ) the most . so just please hold on , and we are kind of what you want ( m ) yeah , okay , okay , because like i , i also have some ( ? ? ) data that i collected , and so , so i could send it somewhere and so on . ( o ) uh-hum . ( m ) you would n't believe how much work it is to convert it to , to ( ? ? ) record . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) other data and know about them , work for daniel suchy . okay , so i 'll have to run just now . so , thank you very much for coming , next i 'll email everybody again , at the latest on wednesday , when are we reading next week , and there is due to paul , so please keep that ( ? ? ) like up to date because the ( ? ? ) applies to regular weekly time , and we will find the date , which time which suits most of you . okay , thanks a lot . ( s ) thank you . ( o ) thank you , and i disconnect . ( m ) bye bye .", "tgt": "improving as french translations . solution for static slides: screenshots . replacement of czech words . domain adaptation data: monday 16 . 2 . 2020 . matus worked on real time audio visualization tool . training the model: deployed 300mil . open subtitles from various languages . translating main languages: english , french , german and spanish . making wikipedia page with all possible data sets for elitr ."}
{"src": "( o ) so we have ( ? ? ) here . again we are recording this for the purposes of minuting . and one of the early sessions is actually already being , or it could be transcribed by an annotator . so the news from me are that , we had session like live workshop dry run at the supreme audit office on wednesday and all the presentations went kind of well for the people who could understand english , because that was run in english , and people who had to rely on our subtitling were totally lost . so , the , the head of the particle division of the supreme audit office was at first very angry like not , not allowed to , to everybody , but i was talking to him for more than five minutes , maybe ten minutes in the corridor . and he was expecting that the technology will be already useful for the users and i 've confirmed that the technology is now only working technically . and i do realize that it is not usable for , for those who do n't speak english . so we , we knew this beforehand , so the next the planned session with sangit that we have is , we do n't have date for that yet . but we will be watching some , for example french video , that we are kind of curious about the content , but we do n't speak french . and we would like , so it has to be something that we can asr , and french is the , the best next option , and we will try to rely on the live generated translations into english , for example , and we will see how bad the translations will be . and we will also diagnose , the flicker , because for , if you do n't understand the source language , then you probably prefer longer delay , and less of flicker , but that 's something that has to be tested . so if anybody can join us , if anybody does not speak french , and would you have an idea what we would like to see , what what what would be an interesting french talk , please email us , get in touch and we 'll do it as as , like joined watching . so that 's , that 's one piece of news another bit is that the critically required , and as part of the usability for the users , the critical required the video and subtitles or the slides , and subtitles to be on the same screen . and , this is something that we also know about , milos kloucek has created something which is perhaps better than streaming of video , because the standard video players are designed , to play in a continues way . and they do n't care about the lag , and if the lag is being groan , then it 's too bad for us , but not too bad for the standard video players . so for that reason , um , milos kloucek created something which at the server side the presenting machine is regularly taking screenshots . and if the screenshots change , um , then it will , it will send it as an updated picture to the , to the browser , so the client will be , simply displaying the most recent picture . and , this is something that ( m ) look like , the very ( ? ? ) solution , right ? taking screenshots . ( o ) ( ? another language ? ) sorry ? ( m ) um , i was saying that it looks like very like ( ? ? ) solution , like you know , hitting with hitting it with the hammer ( o ) yes , but it 's , i do n't think it 's too bad solution , because it 's intended for slides , there is usually no , it 's , it 's not good for videos obviously , there is no way this would work for videos , but it 's good for static slides , and the setup that we have on monday seminars all the time , and , um . excuse me . and the , on the , on the monday seminars the static slides they even , they even hide the , the watch , so there is like clock . so there is no change on the slides for a couple of dozen seconds . and i think that 's , that 's reasonable solution . so that 's , that 's , that 's the current thing that we have , but we still need to somehow organize the the layout to provide subtitles next to either subtitles or the paragraph you next to the slides . so we have one more person who just came , and that 's james level , he was um , visiting master students so to say , for semester here , and how , he 's now going to leave back for zurich or , yeah zurich ( ? ? ) . matus , you are in zurich , right ? ( m ) yeah , i am here . ( j ) where are you studying ? ( m ) i am studying at ath . ( j ) okay , ( ? ? ) , living in zurich whole time . ( m ) yeah ? and what about you , what do you study ? ( j ) i am studying also computer science ( ? ? ) . ( m ) um-hum , yeah , nice to meet you . ( j ) thank you , also . ( o ) so , so you could meet then him in person , ( ? ? ) , yeah . so , james agreed to join us for the surge , depending on his availability he 's or his some some paper to finish that , like project to finish , to make into paper , and then also help us in whatever is needed , so that the the surge documents . ok . so that was his since , i really have limited time , the last bit is that on monday at two i 'm giving a talk on the monday seminar . i 'll be again inviting people to help , and i was curious , especially about vojtech , if he was like successful with his exams , and if he could now work on domain adaptation , so that we could feed in computational linguistics language model for , like english talk on computational linguistics , and if that would be , if we if we could plug this into the into the current setup . so that 's the last bit from me and now i 'd like you to do the standard round , everybody saying: `` what what you have done . '' again , i 'm reminding you of , of the sheet , please enter your achievements , so as soon as you 've accomplished something , add to the line there , otherwise we 'll forget who did what , and that 's too bad for the bonuses . ok , so who can start ? ( v ) well , if i may start . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( v ) alright , so i managed to- would almost ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) into bigger script , so the processing should now be faster . ( o ) um-hum . ( v ) and i also looked into , into the pronounce and fluxes . i , i 've sent an email to the ( ? ? ) , about the , what i found , so if anyone could look into it , and say something , it would be great . ( o ) ah , i 'm ( ? ? ) , i 'll double check . yeah , well , ( ? ? ) no one responded . yeah , okay , so we 'll ( ? ? ) , yeah , it 's it 's something that goes beyond the the time limit that that we have now . so the idea is that we need to provide all the forms , so as soon as a word is found in , because your processing all the related materials , if the related materials , if we 're focusing on czech , if the related materials contain one word . then we need to include this word in the language model in all its forms . and , i dunno know , what is the the the key part of of your question , i would for simplicity assign all the words all these forms of the same word , the same probability . so i would like to , a replacement word , well actually not , i would choose a replacement word and use the corresponding forms of the replacement word . so if the new word is well , `` reference '' , such as the reference translation . and so that 's feminine known `` reference '' , then i would use that list of all czech word forms to generate all the forms of this word , so `` reference , `` referenci '' , `` referenci '' this is actually boring , so this , this is very few . `` referenc\u00edch '' , `` referencemi '' , all these , all these variants . and i would the pronunciation is something that you easily generate , and the replacement word should be some random feminine noun , again , the similar , ideally with similar declaration pattern . and then you would use the corresponding form . so , `` reference '' , `` r\u016f\u017ee '' , `` r\u016f\u017e\u00edch '' , and you would replace it with with all these words . does that make sense ? ( v ) yes , it does . ( o ) does it answer your question ? ( v ) in the email , i was asking about . the technical process , i should process the , the dictionary , because you mentioned some , you mentioned the ( ? ? ) transcript for using that , but from my findings , i 'm not sure if it that 's necessary . ( o ) okay , yeah , so yeah , i 'll have a look at that . thank you . so , is there any chance that you would have some files ready for the monday talk , or not at all if not that 's not a problem , either , but there is all of the semesters are starting , so every monday there will be some more technical talk in english , mostly in english on ( ? ? ) meeting . so as soon as we have some domain adaptation data , we can plug them in , and that would be good . so what is the status ? is there any chance that he would have something for this monday ? ( v ) yeah should , i guess . ( o ) yeah , so please get in touch with sangit , i dunno where is sangit today , i forgot to , uh , i have n't seen him in the office . so please get in touch with sangit , and make sure that you can feed those files to him , and he can use them . ( v ) okay , i will get in touch with sangit . ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . so then maybe jonas ? ( jo ) okay , so i have ( ? ? ) mostly the work and the ( ? ? ) , i have it for czech , but ( ? ? ) too difficult to modify for english , so , um , i ( ? ? ) , if i received some domain input sentences , then i could search the database , and return a list of a singular sentence states , and some large focus , and it should also work on word level , so if i give it uh , ( ? ? ) , then it will find a sentences that are like ( ? ? ) , so it maybe , because i will be in the mountains on the weekend , but i will be back in like sunday night , so ( ? ? ) for the monday , and then i will be able to provide something , but probably either like monday morning or sunday late night , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) ( ? ? ) thank you , so i do n't think that ( ? ? ) ready and used for this monday , but it will be very good if you synchronize with vojtech , and if you provided this to vojtech . vojtech would use the files that we like find for the speaker , and as soon as we have the the the either you or vojtech , well that does n't matter who does that . but as soon as we have the talk specific corpus , so which is papers related to what the authors ig going to talk about and all like that . then if you could search before , search through a huge corpus of the particular language , czech or english for similar sentences and see how much much this corpus expansion can provide us with related other texts , other sentences . ( jo ) okay , but like this is not related to this monday seminar . ( o ) yes , yes , ( ? ? ) not yet all . ( jo ) okay , okay , so it will be best to if we synchronize with vojta , you can try ( ? ? ) , i 'm not sure how how , it can be like i just ( ? ? ) . ( o ) it depends on the domain , so if you are searching for ( ? ? ) , the chances ( ? ? ) zero . but if you are searching for the domain ( ? ? ) the supreme audit office , ( ? ? ) . that you should get in touch with vojtech , because vojtech ( ? ? ) some language model data related to my talk on monday , so it would be great , if you to try to put this to monday ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) okay and ( ? ? ) , i have ( ? ? ) that ( ? ? ) , they mostly ( ? ? ) presentation platform and how it could be ( ? ? ) , i ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , thank you , okay , so that 's from voj from jonas , and then matus . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so that we do the first people who are online , yeah ? ( m ) so actually , i worked on on three different things this week . and the first thing is the visualization , how was it called , real time audio visualization tool on the old realization tool , which is which basically i , i implemented i implemented a back end and the front end . the back end is a server in c + + , which is just reads the has gently reads the microphone signal , and then it sends it over web socket to the client , which is just a javascript piece of code that can be included in any webpage even on a remote machine . so that could make it possible to visualize the sound from the microphone the longer we , we have the volume . i also made it so that it colors in different colors , depending on the volume , though , the the last problem is that i 'm not sure how to stand those thresholds , and i wrote into email to sanghid that that i could do in in like three ways either i could just like . use like a random value that i think is correct . or i could just choose a recording from the from the minuting corpus , and i could perhaps , play the recording for myself and see how loud it is , and then see whether the . ( o ) asr ( ? ? ) ( m ) threshold . ( o ) yeah , so , for now for now please choose random thresholds . but as soon as we have the evaluation running , we can directly . ( m ) ( ? ? ) bit ready , yeah . ( o ) so you , sangit , you have already measured word rate a few times . ( s ) yeah , measured ( ? ? ) and there were differences . ( o ) yeah , so , but you have the scripts to test the asr . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so maybe sangit could email . ( s ) yeah , i will email . ( o ) okay , yeah , yeah . so if you if you have the the pick , any of their recordings and played at various loudness levels , ( ? ? ) the level , and and as indicated or is calculated by your application , and then sat the threshold , so that they work for this , and if you are running any problem problems just set it to some random value . it 's only for indication so far , so we need to to like to polish the the the indicators , and it 's not , it 's not critical in this development stage . once it is set up , it will be very useful tool . but it 's not blocking anything so set it up someway and we 'll see . so maybe if the output could be a little bit more verbose so , that some number , would appear next to the next to the the image as well , so that when sangit is observing the session , and he notices that something is too quiet , and or too loud , he could mark down the number , so that he does n't have to take a screenshot and then . ( m ) that 's a good idea , yeah , yeah . ( o ) okay , thank you , so that 's the first thing , visualisation . ( m ) um , and also , also , i worked on the other paraphrasing model . ( o ) uh-hum . ( m ) like the many to many machine translation model and i used the cloud tpu to train it , at first , i just used a data set of 300 million open subtitles from various languages . and i 'm going to deploy this data , and this trained model model today hopefully . it looks like the paraphrases are much better than the previous model . ( o ) okay , okay . ( m ) the problem is is that , the problem is just that , because it was trained with tpu that , there are some other like , ways of how it , how it saves the models . so i just have n't been able to export it so far , so hopefully i will get through this obstacle today . and i also received new data from edinburgh , and i 'm going to get it training today , and hopefully i will have some results , until until the end of the weekend . ( o ) yeah , okay , that 's great , that 's absolutely great news . so as soon as you have the marian models , that correctly load on our gpu 's , please email . ( m ) yeah , that 's the problem that that . so the problem is that that this was n't trained on marian . ( o ) oh , okay . ( m ) but i had to do it just in ( ? ? ) , because of the tpu support , so so most likely i will have to export it as . ( o ) i do n't think it 's possible to export . ( m ) yeah , well , there is one for ( ? ? ) actually , that i could use it 's called open neural network exchange format . i 'm not sure if i 'm not sure if if they support it , but it could be worth a try ( o ) i do n't think ( ? ? ) , is it ? open neural network . ( m ) it 's called open nmt . ( o ) no it 's not open nmt it 's like , neural network export format , but the critical thing is is that you have to know the architecture of the network . and in the architecture . ( m ) yeah , that 's the thing , yeah . yeah , you are right yeah , yeah there is probably , there is probably not a high chance that the architecture marian is precisely the same . ( o ) chances are very low to . ( m ) not for the , not for the paraphrasing server , or like for other use cases . i think that that they they can , it can be safely used if we ( ? ? ) serving , which is just ( ? ? ) . so , so . ( o ) well . ( m ) so i think that it still be deployed . ( o ) yeah , so that 's great news for paraphrasing , like projects , but i do n't think there is any way in which we could benefit from that for elitr , because ( m ) does it have to be in marian ? ( o ) no , we are also serving , so that 's a good , um , question . so are we running the czech english from lindat , or not , because on lindat , there is tenderflow serving behind the scenes . so the english czech model is on tenderflow serving , but i \u2019 m afraid that we are running marian models . so we are running marian models , which are trained in a similar way , but still well , marian , marian only and not tenderflow serving . so we we do n't have uh , the the connection to the the integration of tenderflow models , do we ? i do n't think if any . so we can we can ask , but perhaps it 's it 's they really good to evaluate this , like offline . ( m ) yeah definitely , so that we do n't burn time . ( o ) yeah , and see if we , so that 's a thing for sangit again , as we are growing , we still have not collect , obtained any single number from our models , in the in as they are in this setup , but we should get to that in in in the two weeks of february at the latest , so within these two weeks . we would know , how will these models , our models perform , and you should apply those models also on the same data , and we will see how big improvement , we can get . ( m ) if you could just send me , just some data set or or a link , or or just if it 's new stats what it is . so i can just run it . ( o ) sources , english sources , and you will provide all the target languages that you can . matus , right ? ( m ) uh , sorry . ( o ) it 's english in to many . ( m ) no , it 's many to many actually . ( o ) many to many , yeah , so we are mostly . ( m ) but it is , but it is trained like in english centric way , and and when i evaluated it on english , it has much better performance than in the other languages obviously , because it sees english all the time . ( o ) yeah , that 's the paraphrasing , but for elitr purposes , simply the send all the various recordings that we have already transcribed , and we do n't have translation for that , so we need to polish the data set , but just for . let 's just give it a try . so the best corpus is actually the the best file in the ( ? ? ) file which you have also translated into german . the one word they are talking about the cat and drawing the animals . so that one please . yeah , yeah , so we will send you something . ( m ) okay . ( o ) okay , thank you . and you mentioned the third thing ( m ) oh yeah , the third thing was the paraphrasing server itself , so . ( o ) okay . ( m ) so it is running , but the other results are n't satisfactory . ( o ) yeah , okay , great , that 's running when we wo n't need it . okay , thank you , great . perfect , so that was matus , and then there is nobody else on the remote call , so maybe artur ( a ) this week i worked on data collection , is basically four five languages , ( ? ? ) five languages so almost all the languages have finished , but some ( ? ? ) remaining . so i think i will finish in this week . and i will see all the parts with you and your and elitr folder , i will copy all the files . ( o ) that 's actually something which would be worthwhile if matus could translate all these languages into english , and english ( m ) which language is it again ? ( o ) so , it 's the it 's the big ones , english , french , german , spanish and . ( m ) yeah , so i would just make a model where i would throw away the lower source languages , and i would just use the main ones . ( o ) and why would create a special model ? because you think . ( m ) no , no no , sorry i did n't . ( o ) so artur is collecting monolingual data , and that means that we need to translate this to create synthetic pararell data . ( m ) ah , yes . ( o ) so , this is something that we want to like bootstrap so what we 'll do ( ? ? ) of that . and if you have now these models , if you believe these models . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) are better than the old edinburgh one , i 'm not believe that as well , then this is the good model to do the offline translations of all these large data . ( m ) yeah , yeah . yeah , definitely . ( a ) the languages can be used . ( o ) is it pararell ? ( a ) no no , right now it is n't modeling ( ? ? ) some documents ( ? ? ) available on pararell ( o ) but we 've we 've agreed that the pararell data extraction will be done by edinburgh . ( a ) edinburgh , yes , i already mentioned the . ( o ) so just like leave those pararell files for them and let 's use this single , the single side of those for the for the back translation . so please artur send the path , matus has access to the to the clusters and matus can run all the competition . so please send the path to all the source files that you have to matus and matus will apply the models , and we will get the first follow synthetic , very much in domain corpus , across these six main languages , and then redo this also with all the other 30 something languages . ( a ) um-hum , okay . ( o ) yeah , great that 's that 's good thing . so that that would ideally happened during the next week , and we 'll see how then like what the data look like . and then we should try creating marian model on all this translation . yeah , okay , that 's good . ( m ) okay . ( o ) great , so that 's it . so now james , i do n't know if you have anything . ( j ) just let you know , i 'm just going back next week , i work part time , so that 's the reason i just had limited time for this project , and most of my tasks are ( ? ? ) translations from english to german to feed anything ( ? ? ) . if i have additional time , i will look at this , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah yeah , yeah , thank you . and then sangit . ( s ) hi everyone , so i 'll just make it quick ( ? ? ) how much this week , so i spend most of the time like preparing for the dry run and sao event which was yesterday . and we also worked on implementing the segmenter worker on ( ? ? ) and i am freezing some issues . the , and i 'm not able to run the script basically to deploy their worker on the mediator , and the installation was succesful , so this is like few our tasks , which i concerned ( ? ? ) . dominik helped me integrating buffer in the czech segmenter . so we have now more segmented czech text . so that 's all from me . ( o ) so increasingly . ( s ) ( ? ? ) but how her like i observed that when you give the complete asr output like ( ? ? ) at once segmenter , it gives a very impressive segments in the text . but when it is n't asr ( ? ? ) text keeps on coming , the segments are less , very very less . ( o ) so is there a way in which you could train it so that it is more similar to the asr output . ( s ) so that 's why how dominik helped me , ( ? ? ) buffer , i will be taking all the text and so that we like , all incoming text will . ( o ) watch out it must not slow down too much ( s ) yeah , exactly , so we are yet to ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so basically the whole incoming text will to keep on increasing entrance ( ? ? ) full context and it will help the segmenter making more segments basically , so . ( o ) yeah , okay , so that 's the buffer must not grow too big . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and another question , for what you are training on , because if you are training on correct text , and that 's the case , then there is like a domain mismatch of looked again , and a few sentences that martin popel was like saying in his czech presentation . and naturally , he is a repeating phrases it 's jumping out of the sentence , and then and then coming back to the sentence and this is some , this is a second output which we can not handle . ( s ) i was reading newspaper , and i came across that they trained ( ? ? ) estonian data set , and they also used some in domain estonian data and all select auto domain . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so they mixed both of them , ( ? ? ) train the , so i am probably looking for this contact , maybe jonas to get me some czech in domain data . ( o ) so that 's a good question for jonas , what data set has the correct transcripts which are as this fluent as the natural speech . ( s ) yeah . and so select , these sentences should be in like connected to the ( ? ? ) conversations . ( o ) yeah , that 's also another , yeah , conversation . i do n't know what is more important . the the the fact that the jason sentences are on the same topic or whether the sentences are as the influent as in normal speech . i do n't know what is more important . ( s ) what the combinations should be okay , it should definitely be in domain data . ( o ) yeah . so jonas , do you have anything , any idea what data set could we use ? ( jo ) i 'm sorry , there was some buffering , do you mean data for like czech conversations talk ? ( s ) no , i mean data ( ? ? ) czech segment ( ? ? ) , domain data . like czech and ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) czech domain data . ( s ) yeah . i 'll probably send you an email so that ( ? ? ) . ( jo ) okay , okay , yeah , that would be better i think we can get in touch and definitely i can like , try to help you with that . ( s ) yeah . ( m ) i have a quick idea , could we perhaps make just something like , wikipedia page , or something like that with at least all possible data sets or all possible like you know purposes , so that so that when someone like has a new one , we can always just add it there , so it can be used by everyone else . ( o ) i did n't quite understand . ( s ) he proposes some wiki page of all the data that we are using , or we plan to use . ( o ) oh , uh . ( s ) is that right , for elitr only ? ( m ) yeah , for elitr only . ( o ) so the our data ambassador is daniel suchy , who is on vacation this week . and i 'm not sure if he is coming this week . but he would be the person to uh , to organize this , and he knows ( ? ? ) the most . so just please hold on , and we are kind of what you want ( m ) yeah , okay , okay , because like i , i also have some processed data that i collected , and so , so i could send it somewhere and so on . ( o ) uh-hum . ( m ) you would n't believe how much work it is to convert it to , to ( ? ? ) record . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) terrible , ( ? ? ) ( o ) other data and know about them , work for daniel suchy . okay , so i 'll have to run just now . so , thank you very much for coming , next i 'll email everybody again , at the latest on wednesday , when are we meeting next week , and there is doodle ( ? ? ) , so please keep that doodle ( ? ? ) , like up to date because the doodle ( ? ? ) applies to regular weekly time , and we will find the date , which time which suits most of you . okay , thanks a lot . ( s ) thank you . ( o ) thank you , and i disconnect . ( m ) bye bye .", "tgt": "asr feedback . vojt\u011bch: pronounce and fluxes . jon\u00e1\u0161 : sentences . matu\u0161 : real time audio visualization . paraphrasing model . paraphrasing server . artur \u2013 data collection of five languages . sanghid \u2013 implementing the segmenter worker , segments . idea of creating a page with all used data ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi . hello sangeet . hello mohammad . thanks for , uhm . ( s ) hi everyone . ( m ) hi . ( o ) yeah , great . thanks for joining and , uh , yeah okay . so , yeah . uh , i i see that people have written up ehm what they did . ( m ) hi ond\u0159ej , i can hear you . ( o ) yep , that 's great . uh , and also you were evaluating- . yes , so that 's that 's re re record . what you did . so what i have , uh , on my mind now is uh , uh , well , uh , preparations . so , uh , ond\u0159ej , uh i am busy , uh , with the iw slt , uh , write-up . uh , that was the , uh , the wra last part that i did . now busy with interviewing people people to uh to replace those who are em moving forward so to say . so there is number of colleagues on projects that i am supervising , uh , that who are going for studies abroad and other things . uh , so , uh , what i think we should focus on is the demo for project officer . then we need to focus on the ladder climbing , uh , which is building uh , uh , elitr test set plus , uh , regularly , uh , testing on it . ehm , and , ehm what else , uh , the deliverables . yeah . elitr deliverables . so , i 'll try to provide the links- . or those who of you , who are already working on the deliverables , please mention that . and yeah . let 's let 's go quickly over what what have done . so sangeet you are the first on the list . ehm , ehm , so please briefly update what what you have been working on . and what what is the plan for the next week . ( s ) so , luckily . not luckily but this week i had like quite less tasks to do . so first i calculated the word error rate on czech transcripts using that three versions of , uh , czech asr which jon\u00e1\u0161 created . and so yesterday jon\u00e1\u0161 told me that they were , uh , and the golden transcript and its corresponding video there were there were huge huge mismatch . and i ( ? ? ? ? ) and he said to update me . and then we conducted a few testing sessions with kara and dominik . and they were not quite successful because the segmenters from , uh , uh , ( ? kit ? ) they were still down and felix today he is he is working on them . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and lastly yeah i think i did- . uh , it was the input in the elitr deliverable of for the punctuator and through caser . ( o ) mhm , yeah . ( s ) and i do n't have- . i think that apart from the testing sessions to do this week so i am waiting for new tasks . ( o ) yeah , so . so the word error rate , there is also the english , uh , transcripts ? ehm , and also we should have from james the german one , right ? so . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , so i will make it to do- . ( s ) so i have updated the german transcripts in its corresponding path and like do we have the golden transcripts for the english videos ? ( o ) yes , that 's the other part . because this is the consecutively translated videos . so there is always the english speaker and then the czech speaker who repeats the same content . and daniel has split the video and while the english part should be more reliable , uh , the czech part has been done simply by using the other ends . so the czech video has been cut using the english time stamps . like the end of english and the beginning of the next english segment . uh , so it 's like like interleave the the the other way round . so that 's why i 'm not surprised that the czech video is , uh , imprecise in timing . but still , i was not expecting it to be that bad . so , uh , that is something that , yeah . jon\u00e1\u0161 , can you maybe tell us more details about that ? ( j ) yeah , yeah . well , i just like listened to the audio and followed the talk transcript and it was completely off . i think it is- . there must be some miss-match because- . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) yeah , yeah . the transcription is for the completely different audio than it 's in the subdirectory . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) oh , so then someone must have like messed it up . ( j ) yeah , yeah , i i may maybe it 's just like uh . maybe the files are just switched between the subdirectories ? ( o ) mhm . ( j ) i i have n't checked but- . uh , yeah , there is some some serious mismatch there . ( o ) yeah , so jonas can you coul could you do this check ? it should not be hard like try listening to all the files that are within this demo for po , uh , and try to locate the correct file , the appropriate files . but we should have , we should have the transcripts ready for all of those . so we should be able to , uh , to evaluate it . and also for the english ones we have the translations . so for the english ones sangeet , uh , i would like you to evaluate not only the word error rate of the asr . but also the machine translation quality or at the slt even . uh , with the translation quality into german and czech . both are available . ( s ) okay . ( o ) we have these files ready . ( s ) and so these , for like a german audio and english mt . ( o ) english , uh , input for english sound . we have the golden english transcript , so you can check the asr . and we also have the translation into czech and into german . so you can also evaluate directly the translation quality , uh , of that . ( s ) okay , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so this is , this is an important , uh , task , uh , to do , uh wr also for german and english audios . and another to do , uh , bleu or sltf , uh , for , uh , german and czech translations of , uh , english . ( s ) asr . ( o ) audio input . yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) uh , okay . and with the , with this testing sessions uhm uh , so when will we have some successful or like reliable , uh , testing sessions ? did kara say or felix say anything about the the new date ? ( s ) so , like yesterday there was a holiday in germany . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) so , like they did n't work at all . and today felix was working in the morning and i do n't have any updates from felix what the status of- . from them . but yeah , to today felix was doing the fixings of the segmenter . ( o ) yeah . yeah , please also check the timing . like , when they would be available . uh , when do kit plus pervoice expect , uh , uhm , uh , reliable run . including the segmenter . yeah . so then , uh , yeah the- . you had provided some input in the delive elitr deliverable , right ? so i need to review that . yeah , that 's good . ( s ) yeah , yeah . okay . ( o ) and i had another idea and that was , yeah . uh , so that 's , uh , um my question like backing up of our systems into net data elitr systems . have you done anything about that ? so that we have a full back-up of all the systems ? ( s ) me ? ( o ) yeah , including you . ( s ) yes , i i i have already did everything . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( s ) that . i have also did today some systems . that have been created . and i also did last week . yeah . ( o ) yeah , okay . that 's uh that 's good . uh , so another thing is finding another partner , uh , who would ehm ehm run the replicates the replicas of our systems . so imagine that it 's us who are without connectivity . so we need to have someone to to replace us as , uh , - . like we are now able to run systems from karlsruhe , someone- . we need to pick someone , uh , who will be happy to run systems for ourselves . so , uh , ond\u0159ej suggest ( ? uedin ? ) to run our mt models but , uh , uh , but please check with phil later on and , ehm- . so ond\u0159ej suggests ( ? ueding ? ) to run uh our uh our mt models , kit to run our kaldi models , probably . and uh uh who well uh ehm and someone to run our segmenters , yeah . so , so we need to pick someone . so , so if you could- . when you are in touch with these , uh , please talk to them and , uh , let me know . because on thursday we have elitr call and for that call i would actually like to know if we have a substitute site for each of our systems . so , uh , so uh to od check with others , uh , uh tell me before uh tomm thursday call so i know if we have a substitute for each of our systems . ( s ) okay . ( o ) yeah . okay , thank you . yeah , thank you . so there is lot of work to do on the evaluation . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) and the i would like really very soon to see some numbers that we trust . so obviously there is this problem with the czech . and now hopefully there will not be other problems with with the other thing , uh , other things . and this- . yeah . ( s ) what i believe with the czech transcripts was that is that daniel probably might have , uhm . we need to ask him the audio which he used to transcribe the the videos . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) i mean , he must have received some audio by which , after which he he has written those transcripts manually . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and , and maybe that 's not the real audio which he has repla he has placed in the directory . ( o ) yes , so that the the . this is for someone who can understand czech obviously to , uh , to find out . but the the audio input , uh , that the transcript corresponds to , that is the audio which has been released as the iwslt test set . so anyone can , uh , can easily check the iwslt test set . ( s ) mhm . yeah . yeah . yeah . ( o ) yeah . okay so thanks , thanks for this . now for mohammad . you have been working hard like very hard on the evaluation of the mt and asr submissions for the iwslt last week . uh , and these days , uh , what you are working on mohammad ? if you can still hear us . uh . ( m ) uh yes , i can hear you . hello . uh . ond\u0159ej . ( o ) i can hear you . ( m ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( m ) this week i have been working on iwslt submissions files again . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) but there is a problem about calculating the bleu score . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) as i 've sent you in the email . i think we need a good tokeniser . we have two ways . we can ( ? ? ? ) ready to use tokeniser us as ( ? moses ? ) and so on . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) and another problem ( ? ? ? ? ) calculating the bleu score . i have used the nltk model for calculating the scores . ( o ) so we have discussed this . so we have discussed the nltk versus sacrebleu with ebrahim . and we do not trust the nltk bleu score at all . because it is probably not tokenising and also accidentally it is- . it drops to 0. so it is- . it can be both , inflated and and too small . so we do n't trust nltk bleu scores at all . we trust only sacre-bleu . and i think they 're like- . please write . oh you have- . or you have sent me an email on this ? i will double check . uh , well , sltf thank you for the organisation . see you later . slt system mapping . so i do n't see any email there- . no . hmm . ( m ) if you want , i can resend it again . ( o ) space tokeniser . yes , so es essentially to answer your question in the email . we have to switch to and we have for the iwslt . we have to switch to sacrebleu and sacrebleu does its own tokenisation before scoring . so there is no- . let 's let 's simply forget nltk bleu score . that is not reliable . ( d ) yes , but- . ( m ) yes , but we can combine our tokeniser with nltk . ( o ) uf . let 's not do that . let 's just forget it . let 's let 's just use sacrebleu . ( m ) okay . ( d ) i i have one comment about it . ( o ) mhm . yeah . ( d ) you sh should use tokeniser before enverse segmenter . ( o ) yes , that 's it . yeah . ( d ) because it 's much better . because it can rely on the on the dots and commas and question marks and so on . and you can you can check my script which does tokeniser , enverse segmenter and then de-tokeniser . and here is the path in the document . and- . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and it 's it 's using the moses seg tokeniser and detokeniser . and it needs the the language tag as the first argument and then reference . ( o ) yeah . so mohammad , do you do you fo- ? do you understand ? ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so the problem is that enverse segmenter is not reliable if you run it on non-tokenised text . it is much better to tokenise it before enverse segmenter and then maybe undo the tokenisation again . and this is , uh , what dominik 's script does . so i would like you incorporate this logic into sltf . so that the sltf will run the tokenisation , then enverse segmenter , then again re reconstruct the original tokenisation . which is not the same thing as removing tokenisation . i really would like to reconstruct the original one . and then , uh , uh calculate , uh , the sacrebleu score . which includes its own tokenisation . ( d ) yeah . ( m ) yes , i understand . ( o ) okay , so- . ( d ) by by the way . the enverse segmenter is still quite bad tool . sometimes it fails without without reason on some scripts . and we found out with matu\u0161 , that if we run it without tokenisation then it works . but with tokenisation it fo it like folds . ( o ) oh . ( d ) yeah , so it is better reliable with tokenisation but it 's not 100 percent . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) robust . and we ca n't do anything with that . except of , uh , re-implementing enverse segmenter . ( o ) yeah . . ( d ) from scratch . ( o ) which . which we do n't have the source code of . it 's a- . i think it 's a- . when it comes from aachen , it usually comes without a source code . so . ( d ) yeah . yes , but there is a paper at least . so . ( o ) . yep . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( d ) it 's written . ( o ) yeah , yeah okay . so , well . incorporate logic into sltf , uh , to run enverse segmenter , uh , better , uh , include , uh , very paranoic tests , uh , of or paranoid paranoid parano hm i do n't know the right spelling . parano i think paranoid is the right- . uh , test of uh , amber segmenter output . uh , yeah , okay . so that's- . i think that 's a a like an important exercise for task for you mohammad . uh , and uh . ( m ) but ond\u0159ej you need to , uh , you need to implement ( ? ? ? ) that ( ? ? ? ) or that this tokeniser in the first level of our work . because we use , uh , the , uh , ca n't use uh this this ( ? ? ? ) enverser , we need it run all section of slt view . ( o ) i do n't understand . partly , partly because the network is is bad . uh , so maybe if you can write it down to the google document . and i 'll , i 'll get back to it . if i understood correctly , you 're you are saying that , uh , there there is some like organisation issue with amber segmenter . the sequence of of operations . yeah . can not see tokenising in all- . oh , you do n't have to use . no no no uh . no . this is , this is only your , uh , your thinking . there is no , uh , uh , it 's like it 's your design within sltf that you proceed with an error rate of words . but you do n't have to . there is- . it 's it 's just like your design decision of sltf . and it 's a risky decision , because the tokeniations vary . so , uh , um , i think it 's better to operate on the level of sentences and tokenise them for a purpose . such as , uh , ls , uh , run sl- . such as running amber segmenter . but then , you should again untokenise . so , uh , think again . like do high level thinking about sltf . and i would like you to avoid , uh , this forceful tokenisation when we are not quite sure about it . so tokenisation is a peculiar thing . it it affects many many things . and you should always do it for a particular purpose and then revert back to the original tokenisation as as much as possible . ( m ) yeah . so . ( o ) oh . i see myself editing this . how is that possible . who is using my log-in ? that 's probably sangeet , yeah . ( s ) i see in the elitr laptop it's- . you have been logged-in . ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) i do n't know . yeah . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( s ) i have logged-in now . ( o ) yeah . so let 's . thank you mohammad . so please , uh , uh , uh . yes , that was mohammad 's question . actually mohammad please write down the new assignment . how the tokenisation should be handled . and write it down so that you know for the record . write down what i 've just described so i know that that you understood as well . yeah . okay . and while you are writing let 's move to matu\u0161 . i do n't see matu\u0161 in the call . so he is busy with preparation for exam . reading or shortening . yes , his um , um . yeah , yeah . so , uh , matu\u0161 uh , matu\u0161 's goal now is to train mt systems so that they reduce the length of the output . and this is like- . he is only reading papers now . but he 'll he 'll start experimenting soon . and dominik is suggesting something great . okay , that 's good . uh . so mohammad , i do n't see you writing . please write down , uh , what write down the the new ideal handling of tokenisation in sltf . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) i will . ( o ) okay and we can move to dominik . uh , so you have read some acl papers , wrote , uh , parts of the slt deliverable . that 's good . uh , just a quick check with jon\u00e1\u0161 . jon\u00e1\u0161i you have also written the the deliverable parts , right ? the asr ? ( j ) yeah , yeah , i i wrote into the asr deliverables . ( o ) yes , so i need to review these and the internal deadline is in 6 days from now . uh , so , hopefully i will get back to all of you . to each of you independently towards the end of the week if there is anything unclear . so that we meet the internal deadline on the 8th . yeah , okay . great . uh . so dominik , what what is your progress ? ( d ) hmhm . yes , and by reading the papers i found an interesting tool . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) i found out that it 's possible to measure out the speech rate by cutting the syllables . and there is one tool . one patent tool , which can detect the gender of speaker and the speech rate . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and some other characteristics . so we can try it and make a dashboard out of it . ( o ) mhm . that 's that 's useful thing . uh , and later on we could even create models like- . if we if we recognise that someone is speaking too fast , we could use like a harsher summarisation . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so we could be reducing reducing their speech mole with a different model . ( d ) yes , and there was also speech modes . like whether it was angry or normal and so on . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) but i have no idea how the tool works in practice . i i i i saw it only in gi github and i buy it . ( o ) yeah , uh . ( s ) actually i 'd like to say here . so this is about a i think um emotion detection used in speech . so this is basically my bachelor 's thesis . ( o ) okay . ( d ) yeah . ( s ) and and i worked on this . and i noticed ( ? ? ? ) and i just used ( ? matlab ? ) ( o ) yeah . so dominik , please mention the the name of the tool here . because i do n't see that yet . ( d ) okay . ( o ) yeah . and- . and sangeet , since you have the expertise in this , please check the tool . so before- . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) be before you leave . like i d- . i 'm afraid that- . maybe over the summer , over the summer you could like , uh , um , integrate this tool into into our processes . but even if you do n't manage this in time , it would be good to have to have an idea whether it 's worth trying that . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely , yeah . ( o ) uh and then , and then to do for sangeet . uh , to do for sangeet , uh , sangeet to review it , uh , and , uh , possibly integrate it over the summer . but obviously more important is to have the clean um the clean cruise control , or , the set-up the set-up script over the summer . yeah . ( d ) yes . and i i think that the czech segmenter . so sangeet can you mute ? ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so so it uses the right context for previous sentences . and i did i did back end text . new entry point from the back end asr which does basically the same but for text . and now it now the segmenter can receive 1 message and emit 2 messages . and and i connected it with on-line text flow and it works . and i had a call with ota . he explained me some things so i can easier fix some bugs , which we found . ( o ) mhm . okay . ( d ) and we have to do the video for iwslt by june the 17th . ( o ) yeah , which is quite soon as well . ( s ) yeah so i 'm really afraid to manage . or if anyone is willing to , uh , come in . and demo the system . uh , i 'll i 'll start the pipeline everything and if anyone is available to , uh , demo the system , then- . ( o ) you mean for the video ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah for the video . i mean . ( o ) that could be , that could be interesting , yes . i think that 's a- . ( s ) i 'm talking about the system . ( o ) yeah . that 's actually a good idea . so when- . i do n't know for how long the presentation should be . so dominik , please like propose timing for for this . i do n't know whether we do like regular , uh , uh , se regular slides with a with voice commentary ? uh , but , uh we could also indeed concatenate it with the demo session , uh , of of the whole system . and i think it would be pretty good to illustrate it how it runs live . ( d ) it should be 15 minutes presentation . ( o ) mhm . so if we en editioned . if if within these 15 minutes , we have 2 minute of the 3 minute video from , uh , the czech into english and other languages i think that would be very good . so it's- . that 's a different . uh , um , actually so hm hmhhm . i think . yeah , we should we should actually demo the , uh , the task that was in iwslt . so some of the antrecorp horrible performing video , uh , like horrible performing speech . and also uh um the document that sangeet is now measuring the word error rate and sltf on . that 's exactly the test file . so that 's the preparation for the demo session . uh , is- . could could be then recorded as well and used as a part of this iwslt presentation . so i would go for like 2 minutes , uh , or 3 minutes from the 15 minute , uh , uh , talk . and 1 minute of , uh , one of the antrecorp videos . like the horrible hard hard input and some reasonable input . uh , that works reasonably well . so this is . that 's that 's a great idea . and sangeet for you it 's it 's nothing different from preparing the videos for the demo . the only different thing is that you would also run it on the on the antrecorp , uh , uh , speech . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so maybe dominik , you have the scores for all the files , right ? so pick some file of antrecorp , uh , which , uh , like , uh , works probably well . the the best of antrecorp . but it 's pretty bad . all of all of them are pretty bad i believe . ( d ) no , i do n't have the document scores . i have only your findings paper . ( o ) okay . yeah , i see . uhmm . ( d ) and validation error , only 2 documents . ( o ) umm , that 's right . yeah , yeah , yeah . so , uh , yeah , will include one horrible antrecorp , yeah . so this is actually a to do for , uh , mohammad . provide asr , uh , so wr scores for ehm dominik 's runs , uh , of all antrecorp files . so mohammad , uh , are you here ? ( m ) yes . ( o ) so this is , this is a sub-set of the lines in the output tsv file . so , if you can select the appropriate lines of that output tsv file and , uh , and then send it to , uh , dominik and me . ( m ) uh , yeah . ( o ) that that would be- . that would help . ( m ) only for asr ? ( o ) uh , i think that the asr is so much influencing the translation quality that it 's okay to go with as the word error rate . and then we 'll choose based on the word error rate and we 'll kind of assume that the translation quality is , uh , is equal across the different asr , uh , qualities . but the asr quality is is the killing factor . ( m ) uh , i i will send you for ( ? ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah . okay . thank you . uh , okay , so and now- . ( o ) can you , sangeet can you can you mute yourself ? yeah . there is some- . your , i think your microphone is is very sensitive . for some reason , uh , maybe check the input , uh , again like in in windows setting . so sorry , what were you saying mohammad ? ( m ) please check my mohammad section . yeah , so this this file , right ? yeah thi this part , right ? ( m ) yes . yes . ( o ) yeah , i 'll check that in a lli like soon . thank you . let 's let 's move to jon\u00e1\u0161 quickly . so jon\u00e1\u0161 , you have been obviously working on your thesis . uh , submitting thesis , uh , and then , uh , wrote a parts- . so jon\u00e1\u0161 , are you here ? ( j ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i 'm here . i'm- . ( o ) yes , so so- . ( j ) so so basically i i have been mainly actually playing with the kaldi server . so i do n't know if it would be useful for us . like for the emission translation or the segmentation , but for some of my experiments i 've done that now if like the output gets updated much faster . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) so now it was like once per second . and now it 's like ten times per second , so yes , so it 's updating much faster and uh second thing that i put there is that we can get a board level time stamps . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) for each of the word in the current hypothesis , uh , because- . right now , it was just the beginning of the whole ( ? ? ? ) current path and the end time stamps . but now , uh , there is like some additional functionality that it can output like the word level time stamps . so i 'm i 'm not sure if if it would be helpful . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so so i would like to have this set-up which does not rely on mediator . and for that this tcp kaldi server is useful but for the mediator set-up we have the kaldi server by dominik . so , uh , maybe it would be good if you , uh , get in touch with dominik , uh , and if the features that you have now found in kaldi server , the tcp kaldi server were were also made available if it 's not too hard in the like kaldi worker . would that make sence dominik ? i do n't know how , uh , or well please talk directly . jon\u00e1\u0161 and dominik should talk about this and figure out how much work would it , uh , would it involve . ( j ) ( ? ? ? ? ) are changes that i 've do i 've put directly into the like binary of the tcp server . ( o ) okay , so maybe the same changes could be done within the kaldi worker . so . ( j ) mhm . yes . i 'm i 'm i 'm not actually sure ho how the worker exactly works . but- . ( o ) yeah . uh , talk to- . ( d ) the wor the worker only resends what it receives from kaldi . ( j ) so it- . but i i think it uses the kaldi binary , the tcp server , right ? ( d ) yes . you gave us some shell scripts which starts the tcp server on some ports and it connects to this ports . ( j ) yes , so so these changes i have done are inside this binary . ( o ) mhm . so it should be easy . ( j ) so there is like the option if we , if we find useful space for it then we can get word level time stamps for the real time recording . ( o ) yes , i would like to have them . ( j ) ( ? ? ? ? ) much faster updating the ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , i w i would like to have the word level time stamps in the , uh , in the log files . so this is for sangeet actually . so that the log files are very verbose . i 'd like to have that , uh , uh , as well . so , uh , to do for sangeet . make sure that our log files include this word level time stamps . okay , so thank you . ( s ) so when- . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so what level time stamps of the asr output of kaldi asr ? ( o ) yeah . ( j ) mhm . ( s ) okay . ( j ) for the real time recognition . ( s ) mhm , okay okay . ( o ) so this is , this is what is then useful for sltf for the evaluation of the simultaneity of of the speech . so when we know which word as when , recognised when , we can link it and , uh , score it against the golden transcript . ( s ) okay , okay . ( j ) so so i will . i have like copy of the original tcp server that i 've modified so i can do like launch kaldi script ( o ) yeah , copy copy sounds risky . can you commit it to the kaldi repository directly ? uh , and or should it better go into the one of the elitr- . should should elitr clone kaldi ? like sorry for k kaldi ? ( j ) yeah , yeah . we we , we can we can do it like that because yeah- . it it 's quite difficult to get like to the kaldi- . ( o ) yeah , so please that- . i think it would be very good for the elitr project to establish , uh , itself as a supplier of kaldi improvements . so i fully support like the idea that we would be like directly creating plural request for kaldi , uh , but i do n't know their reviewing process and and all that so . uh , uh , so for now please create within our elitr , the github organisation the fork of kaldi and do the changes there . and we should actually move to our version of kaldi . ( j ) mhm . okay , yeah yeah- . ( o ) okay , thank you . and we have only 5 minutes until we are really like cut-off again so- . so atul is also on the call . so atul what what is your progress ? are you here ? no , i 'm not sure . we do n't hear you . ( a ) hello ? ( o ) yeah , yeah it works . okay . ( a ) okay . hi , so i have collected , uh , georgian and what is the name ( ? ? ? ) gave me . because in the last meeting we discussed like remaining languages like georgian and hebrew and uh- . and another language , uh- . ( o ) icelandic . ( a ) icelandic , yes so it is collected and i will upload today . ( ? ? ? ) this data . and all the files i 've already sent russian , serbian and what is the name . croatian . karolina karolina what was the file name yeah danish . yeah today i sent danish file to karolina for validation . as we discussed- . as in the last meeting we discussed , okay , if she can do like any like similar closer languages validation . so i had a conversation with karolina and she agreed for danish and dutch . ( o ) okay . ( a ) so i just sent danish and remaining russian text data i 've sent it has sent it to jekaterina for the validation . ( o ) yeah okay . ( a ) so i do n't know how many is- . and okay , that is working- . so just i received , 15 or 20 minute before i received daniel email for remaining annotators so i will send all the annotators all the files . uh , but regarding the norwegian we did n't receive any response from the e iva iva kurubi sorry i do n't know what is the actually iva by iva . the response . and i sent it in 30th april 3000 sentences but we did n't receive any response . i remain . i sent 2 reminders but i don \u2019 t know . maybe she is- . ( o ) okay . ( a ) busy in another work . ( o ) yeah , yeah . okay . that 's that 's bad . well this can obviously happen . so we have to like come-up with backup solutions and and ask people if they , uh- . yes , it 's it 's possible that like- . because we were , uh , not providing the input quickly enough , uh , that she got busy with other things . it 's it 's possible . ( a ) she has , maybe it 's possible . i have- . ( o ) i do n't know- . ( a ) so i 've asked thea if we have any other annotator . so because i \u2019 ve already shared some , uh , annotator list which was created by sangeet i think . ufal language map . uh , uh , so i have already shared if you agree on that unle annotator so we can send all the files for validations . so once the validation is done , so we can merge like tester- . we can create new tester directory and where we will put all the multilingual or parallel data equivalent . ( o ) yeah . otherwise it will create- . again it will create problem like we count sentence alignment and so it 's different status so- . ( o ) yeah , yeah .", "tgt": "assigned priorities according to the urgency are demo for the project officer adnnd ladder climbing in the meaning of building up the elitr test set and regularly testing on it . elitr deliverables . 4th june 2020 submission for elitr back-up sites suggestions . 8th june 2020 elitr iwslt submissions . 17th june project officer demo and presentation . new testing sessions to be organised with external partners to assure a set up of successful testing session with reliable run inclusive the segmenter . previous sessions did not bring satisfactory results . listen to all the files in the project officer demo directory to make sure there is no between the file names and their content . one possible discrepancy was uncovered on the czech video files when calculating the word error rate . for the english videos the word error rate evaluation of asr , machine translation quality and even slt should be performed . this represents english input for english sound via golden english transcript to asr . translation to czech and german so the verification of direct translation quality can be performed . request made to find another partner who would run the replicas of the ufal elitr systems , specifically mt models , kaldi servers and segmenters in order to reduce operational , performance and reputational risk . substitute site for each system should be suggested latest by 4th june 2020 . substantial amount of work to be done on the evaluation side of the project in order to obtain more consistent and reliable data . team is facing unpredictability in the performance of evaluation tools such as nltk , enverse segmener and tokeniser . these are having significant impact on the trustworthiness of the evaluation results . it is anticipated and fully supported that elitr team will be supplying plural requests to kaldi and will establish itself as a supplier of kaldi improvements . not to use the nltk as evaluation tool at all . forceful tokenisation to be avoided . extremely rigorous tests of amber segmenter should be put in place . proceeding with error rate calculation on word level deemed risky . working on sentence level is highly recommended together with purposeful tokenisation . tokeniser should be used before enverse segmenter . segmenter not reliable on non-tokenised text . following sequence of evaluation process should occur: tokenisation , segmentation , de-tokenisation , reconstruction of the original tokenisation , sacrebleu score calculation . full back-up of all elitr systems has been required . explore if binary level changes to kaldi server could be also adapted and implemented to kaldi worker . and if so , then incorporate those to the log files . it is beneficial for the sltf and the simultaneity of speech . new assignment to be written on how the tokenisation should be handled . systems to be trained to reduce the length of the output . experiments to start soon . further investigation of \u201c emotion detection using speech \u201d feature and its potential to be made into a dashboard or even a model . the set-up of kaldi server has been improved and the output updates 10 times faster now and it has become possible to obtain the word level time stamps . work has been done on elitr deliverables concerning punctuator and through-caser , results subject to a review . czech segmenter was updated to be capable of receiving one message and emitting two messages . it works with on-line text flow as well . significant progress has been made on collection of multilingual data sets and their distribution to annotators for verification . meeting results: areas of attention have been identified , priorities assigned , action plan agreed and responsibilities have been distributed ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi . hello sangeet . hello mohammad . thanks for , uhm . ( s ) hi everyone . ( m ) hi . ( o ) yeah , great . thanks for joining and , uh , yeah okay . so , yeah . uh , i i see that people have written up ehm what they did . ( m ) hi ond\u0159ej , i can hear you . ( o ) yep , that 's great . uh , and also you were evaluating- . yes , so that 's that 's re re record . what you did . so what i have , uh , on my mind now is uh , uh , well , uh , preparations . so , uh , ond\u0159ej , uh i 'm busy , uh , with the iw slt , uh , write-up . uh , that was the , uh , the wra last part that i did . now busy with interviewing people people to uh to replace those who are em moving forward so to say . so there is number of colleagues on projects that i am supervising , uh , that who are going for studies abroad and other things . uh , so , uh , what i think that we should focus on is the demo for project officer . then we need to focus on the ladder climbing , uh , which is building uh , uh , elitr test set plus , uh , regularly , uh , testing on it . ehm , and , ehm what else , uh , the deliverables . yeah . elitr deliverables . so , i 'll try to provide the links- . or those who of you , who are already working on the deliverables , please mention that . and yeah . let 's let 's go quickly over what what have done . so sangeet you are the first on the list . ehm , ehm , so please briefly update what what you have been working on . and what what is the plan for the next week . ( s ) so , luckily . not luckily but this week i had like quite less tasks to do . so first i calculated the word error rate on czech transcripts using that three versions of , uh , czech asr which jon\u00e1\u0161 created . and so yesterday jon\u00e1\u0161 told me that there were , uh , and the golden transcript and its corresponding video there were there were huge huge mismatch . and i ( ? ? ) and he said to update me . and then we conducted a few testing sessions with chiara and dominik . and they were not quite successful because the segmenters from , uh , uh , k kit they were still down and felix today he is he is working on them . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) and lastly yeah i think i did- . uh , it was the input in the elitr deliverable of for the punctuator and through caser . ( o ) mhm , yeah . ( s ) and i do n't have- . i think that apart from the testing sessions to do this week so i am waiting for new tasks . ( o ) yeah , so . so the word error rate , there is also the english , uh , transcripts ? ehm , and also we should have from james the german one , right ? so . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so , so i will make it to do- . ( s ) so i have updated the german transcripts in its corresponding path and like do we have the golden transcripts for the english videos ? ( o ) yes , that 's the other part . because this is the consecutively translated videos . so there is always the english speaker and then the czech speaker who repeats the same content . and daniel has split the video and while the english part should be more reliable , uh , the czech part has been done simply by using the other ends . so the czech video has been cut using the english time stamps . like the end of english and the beginning of the next english segment . uh , so it 's like like interleave the the the other way round . so that 's why i 'm not surprised that the czech video is , uh , imprecise in timing . but still , i was not expecting it to be that bad . so , uh , that is something that , yeah . jon\u00e1\u0161 , can you maybe tell us more details about that ? ( j ) yeah , yeah . well , i just like listened to the audio and followed the talk transcript and it was completely off . i think it is- . there must be some mismatch because- . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) yeah , yeah . the transcription is for completely different audio than it 's in the subdirectory . ( s ) mhm . ( o ) oh , so then someone must have like messed it up . ( j ) yeah , yeah , i i may maybe it 's just like uh . maybe the files are just switched between the subdirectories ? ( o ) mhm . ( j ) i i have n't checked but- . uh , yeah , there is some some serious mismatch there . ( o ) yeah , so jonas can you coul- could you do this check ? it should not be hard . like try listening to all the files that are within this demo for po , uh , and try to locate the correct file , the appropriate files . but we should have , we should have the transcripts ready for all of those . so we should be able to , uh , to evaluate it . and also for the english ones we have the translations . so for the english ones sangeet , uh , i would like you to evaluate not only the word error rate of the asr . but also the machine translation quality or at the slt even . uh , with the translation quality into german and czech . both are available . ( s ) okay . ( o ) we have these files ready . ( s ) and so these , like for a german audio and english mt . ( o ) english , uh , input for english sound . we have the golden english transcript , so you can check the asr . and we also have the translation into czech and into german . so you can also evaluate directly the translation quality , uh , of that . ( s ) okay , yeah . ( o ) yeah , so this is , this is an important , uh , task , uh , to do , uh wr also for german and english audios . and another to do , uh , bleu or sltf , uh , for , uh , german and czech translations of , uh , english . ( s ) asr . ( o ) audio input . yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) uh , okay . and with the , with this testing sessions uhm uh , so when will we have some successful or like reliable , uh , testing sessions ? did chiara say or felix say anything about the the new date ? ( s ) so , like yesterday there was a holiday in germany . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) so , like they did n't work at all . and today felix was working in the morning and i do n't have any updates from felix what the status of- . from them . but yeah , to today felix was doing the fixings of the segmenter . ( o ) yeah . yeah , please also check the timing . like , when they would be available . uh , when do kit plus pervoice expect , uh , uhm , uh , reliable run . including the segmenter . yeah . so then , uh , yeah the- . you had provided some input in the delive elitr deliverable , right ? so i need to review that . yeah , that 's good . ( s ) yeah , yeah . okay . ( o ) and i had another idea and that was , yeah . uh , so that 's , uh , um my question like backing up of our systems into net data elitr systems . have you done anything about that ? so that we have a full back-up of all the systems ? ( s ) me ? ( o ) yeah , including you . ( s ) yes , i i i have already did everything . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( s ) that . i have also did today some systems . that have been created . and i also did last week . yeah . ( o ) okay , yeah . that 's uh that 's good . uh , so another thing is finding another partner , uh , who would ehm ehm like run the replicates the replicas of our systems . so imagine that it 's us who are without connectivity . so we need to have someone to to replace us as , uh , - . like we are now able to run systems from karlsruhe , someone- . we need to pick someone , uh , who will be happy to run systems for ourselves . so , uh , ond\u0159ej suggest uedin to run our mt models but , uh , uh , but please check with phil later on and , ehm- . so ond\u0159ej suggests uedin to run uh our uh our mt models , kit to run our kaldi models , probably . and uh uh who well uh ehm and someone to run our segmenters , yeah . so , so we need to pick someone . so , so if you could- . when you are in touch with these , uh , please talk to them and , uh , let me know . because on thursday we have elitr call and for that call i would actually like to know if we have a substitute site for each of our systems . so , uh , so uh to od check with others , uh , uh tell me before uh tomm- thursday call so i know if we have a substitute for each of our systems . ( s ) okay . ( o ) yeah . okay , thank you . yeah , thank you . so there is lot of work to do on the evaluation . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) and the i would like really very soon to see some numbers that we trust . so obviously there is this problem with the czech . and now hopefully there will not be other problems with with the other thing , uh , other things . and this- . yeah . ( s ) what i believe with the czech transcripts was that is that daniel probably might have , uhm . we need to ask him the audio which he used to transcribe the the videos . ( o ) mhm . ( s ) i mean , he must have received some audio by which , after which he he has written those transcripts manually . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and , and maybe that 's not the real audio which he has repla he has placed in the directory . ( o ) yes , so that the the . this is for someone who can understand czech obviously to , uh , to find out . but the the audio input , uh , that the transcript corresponds to , that is the audio which has been released as the iwslt test set . so anyone can , uh , can easily check the iwslt test set . ( s ) mhm . yeah . yeah . yeah . ( o ) yeah . okay . so thanks , thanks for this . now for mohammad . you have been working hard like very hard on the evaluation of the mt and asr submissions for the iwslt last week . uh , and these days , uh , what you are working on mohammad ? if you can still hear us . uh . ( m ) uh yes , i can hear you . hello . uh . ond\u0159ej . ( o ) i can hear you . ( m ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yes . ( m ) this week i have been working on iwslt submissions files again . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) but there is a problem about calculating the bleu score . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) as i 've sent you in the e-mail . i think we need a good tokeniser . we have two ways . we can ( ? ? ? ) ready to use tokeniser us as ( ? moses ? ) and so on . ( o ) mhm . ( m ) and another problem ( ? ? ) calculating the bleu score . i have used the nltk model for calculating the scores . ( o ) so we have discussed this . so we have discussed the nltk versus sacrebleu with ebrahim . and we do not trust the nltk bleu score at all . because it is probably not tokenising and also accidentally it is- . it drops to 0. so it is- . it can be both , inflated and and too small . so we do n't trust nltk bleu scores at all . we trust only sacre-bleu . and i think they 're like- . please write . oh you have- . or you have sent me an email on this ? i will double check . uh . well , sltf thank you for the organisation . see you later . slt system mapping . so i do n't see any email there- . no . hmm . ( m ) if you want , i can resend it again . ( o ) space tokeniser . yes , so as essentially to answer your question in the e-mail . we have to switch to and we have for the iwslt . we have to switch to sacrebleu and sacrebleu does its own tokenisation before scoring . so there is no- . let 's let 's simply forget nltk bleu score . that is not reliable . ( d ) yes , but- . ( m ) yes , but we can combine our tokeniser with nltk . ( o ) uf . let 's not do that . let 's just forget it . let 's let 's just use sacrebleu . ( m ) okay . ( d ) i i have one comment about it . ( o ) mhm . yeah . ( d ) you sh should use tokeniser before enverse segmenter . ( o ) yes , that 's it . yeah . ( d ) because it 's much better . because it can rely on the on the dots and commas and question marks and so on . and you can you can check my script which does tokeniser , enverse segmenter and then de-tokeniser . and here is the path in the document . and- . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and it 's it 's using the moses seg tokeniser and detokeniser . and it needs the the language tag as the first argument and then reference . ( o ) yeah . so mohammad , do you do you fo- ? do you understand ? ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so the problem is that enverse segmenter is not reliable if you run it on non-tokenised text . it is much better to tokenise it before enverse segmenter and then maybe undo the tokenisation again . and this is , uh , what dominik 's script does . so i would like you incorporate this logic into sltf . so that the sltf will run the tokenisation , then enverse segmenter . then again re reconstruct the original tokenisation . which is not the same thing as removing tokenisation . i really would like to reconstruct the original one . and then , uh , uh calculate , uh , the sacrebleu score . which includes its own tokenisation . ( d ) yeah . ( m ) yes , i understand . ( o ) okay , so- . ( d ) by by the way . the enverse segmenter is still quite bad tool . sometimes it fails without without reason on some scripts . and we found out with matu\u0161 , that if we run it without tokenisation then it works . but with tokenisation it fo it like folds . ( o ) oh . ( d ) yeah , so it is better reliable with tokenisation but it 's not 100 percent . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) robust . and we ca n't do anything with that . except of , uh , re-implementing enverse segmenter . ( o ) yeah . . ( d ) from scratch . ( o ) which . which we do n't have the source code of . it 's a- . i think it 's a- . when it comes from aachen , it usually comes without a source code . so . ( d ) yeah . yes , but there is a paper at least . so . ( o ) . yep . yeah , yeah , yeah . ( d ) it 's written . ( o ) yeah , yeah okay . so , well . incorporate logic into sltf , uh , to run enverse segmenter , uh , better , uh , include , uh , very paranoic tests , uh , of or paranoid paranoid parano hm i do n't know the right spelling . parano i think paranoid is the right- . uh , tests of uh , amber segmenter output . uh , yeah , okay . so that's- . i think that 's a a like an important exercise for task for you mohammad . uh , and uh . ( m ) but ond\u0159ej you need to , uh , you need to implement ( ? ? ) that ( ? ? ) or that this tokeniser in the first level of our work . because we use , uh , the , uh , ca n't use uh this this ( ? ? ) enverser , we need it run all section of slt view . ( o ) i do n't understand . partly , partly because the network is is bad . uh , so maybe if you can write it down to the google document . and i 'll , i 'll get back to it . if i understood correctly , you 're you are saying that , uh , there there is some like organisation issue with amber segmenter . the sequence of of operations . yeah . can not see tokenising in all- . oh , you do n't have to use . no no no uh . no . this is , this is only your , uh , your thinking . there is no , uh , uh , it 's like it 's your design within sltf that you proceed with an error rate of words . but you do n't have to . there is- . it 's it 's just like your design decision of sltf . and it 's a risky decision , because the tokeniations vary . so , uh , um , i think it 's better to operate at the level of sentences and tokenise them for a purpose . such as , uh , sl . such as running amber segmenter . but then , you should again untokenise . so , uh , think again . like do high level thinking about sltf . and i would like you to avoid , uh , this forceful tokenisation when we are not quite sure about it . so tokenisation is a peculiar thing . it it affects many many things . and you should always do it for a particular purpose and then revert back to the original tokenisation as as much as possible . ( m ) yeah . so . ( o ) oh . i see myself editing this . how is that possible . who is using my log-in ? that 's probably sangeet , yeah . ( s ) i see in the elitr laptop it's- . you have been logged-in . ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) i do n't know . yeah . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( s ) i have logged-in now . ( o ) yeah . so let 's . thank you mohammad . so please , uh , uh , uh . yes , so that was mohammad 's question . actually mohammad please write down the new assignment . how the tokenisation should be handled . and write it down so that you know for the record . write down what i 've just described so i know that that you understood as well . yeah . okay . and while you are writing let 's move to matu\u0161 . i do n't see matu\u0161 in the call . so he is busy with preparation for exam . reading or shortening . yes , his um , um . yeah , yeah . so , uh , matu\u0161 uh , matu\u0161 's goal now is to train mt systems so that they reduce the length of the output . and this is like- . he is only reading papers now . but he 'll he 'll start experimenting soon . and dominik is suggesting something great . okay , that 's good . uh . so mohammad , i do n't see you writing . please write down , uh , what write down the the new ideal handling of tokenisation in sltf . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) i will . ( o ) okay and we can move to dominik . uh , so you have read some acl papers , wrote , uh , parts of the slt deliverable . that 's good . uh , just a quick check with jon\u00e1\u0161 . jon\u00e1\u0161i you have also written the the deliverable parts , right ? the asr ? ( j ) yeah , yeah , i i wrote into the asr deliverables . ( o ) yes , so i need to review these and the internal deadline is in 6 days from now . uh , so , hopefully i will get back to all of you . to each of you independently towards the end of the week if there is anything unclear . so that we meet the internal deadline on the 8th . yeah , okay . great . uh . so dominik , what what is your progress ? ( d ) hmhm . yes , and by reading the papers i found an interesting tool . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) i found out that it 's possible to measure out the speech rate by cutting the syllables . and there is one tool . one patent tool , which can detect the gender of speaker and the speech rate . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) and some other characteristics . so we can try it and make a dashboard out of it . ( o ) mhm . that 's that 's useful thing . uh , and later on we could even create models like- . if we if we recognise that someone is speaking too fast , we could use like a harsher summarisation . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so we could be reducing reducing their speech mole with a different model . ( d ) yes , and there was also speech modes . like whether it was angry or normal and so on . ( o ) mhm . ( d ) but i have no idea how the tool works in practice . i i i i saw it only in gi github and i buy it . ( o ) yeah , uh . ( s ) actually i 'd like to say here . so this is about a i think um emotion detection used in speech . so this is basically my bachelor 's thesis . ( o ) okay . ( d ) yeah . ( s ) and and i worked on this . and i noticed ( ? ? ) and i just used matlab . ( o ) yeah . so dominik , please mention the the name of the tool here . because i do n't see that yet . ( d ) okay . ( o ) yeah . and- . and sangeet , since you have the expertise in this , please check the tool . so before- . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) be before you leave . like i d- . i 'm afraid that- . maybe over the summer , maybe over the summer you could like , uh , um , integrate this tool into into our processes . but even if you do n't manage this in time , it would be good to have to have an idea whether it 's worth trying that . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely , yeah . ( o ) uh and then , and then to do for sangeet . uh , to do for sangeet , uh , sangeet to review it , uh , and , uh , possibly integrate it over the summer . but obviously more important is to have the clean um the clean cruise control , or , the set-up the set-up script over the summer . yeah . ( d ) yes . and i i think that the czech segmenter . so sangeet can you mute ? ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so so it uses the right context for previous sentences . and i did i did back end text . new entry point from the back end asr which does basically the same but for text . and now it now the segmenter can receive 1 message and emit 2 messages . and and i connected it with on-line text flow and it works . and i had a call with ota . he explained me some things so i can easier fix some bugs , which we found . ( o ) mhm . okay . ( d ) and we have to do video for iwslt by june the 17th . ( o ) yeah , which is quite soon as well . ( s ) yeah so i 'm really afraid to manage . or if anyone is willing to , uh , come in . and demo the system . uh , i 'll i 'll start the pipeline everything and if anyone is available to , uh , demo the system , then- . ( o ) you mean for the video ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah for the video . i mean . ( o ) that could be , that could be interesting , yes . i think that 's a- . ( s ) i 'm talking about the system . ( o ) yeah . that 's actually a good idea . so when- . i do n't know for how long the presentation should be . so dominik , please like propose timing for for this . i do n't know whether we do like regular , uh , uh , regular slides with a with voice commentary ? uh , but , uh we could also indeed concatenate it with the demo session , uh , of of the whole system . and i think it would be pretty good to illustrate it how it runs live . ( d ) it should be 15 minutes presentation . ( o ) mhm . so if we en editioned . if if within these 15 minutes , we have 2 minute of the 3 minute video from , uh , czech into english and other languages i think that would be very good . so it's- . that 's a different . uh , um , actually so hm hmhhm . i think . yeah , we should we should actually demo the , uh , the task that was in iwslt . so some of the antrecorp horrible performing video , uh , like horrible performing speech . and also uh um the document that sangeet is now measuring the word error rate and sltf on . that 's exactly the test file . so that 's the preparation for the demo session . uh , is- . could could be then recorded as well and used as a part of this iwslt presentation . so i would go for like 2 minutes , uh , or 3 minutes from the 15 minute , uh , uh , talk . and 1 minute of , uh , one of the antrecorp videos . so like the horrible hard hard input and some reasonable input . uh , that works reasonably well . so this is . that 's that 's a great idea . and sangeet for you it 's it 's nothing different from preparing the videos for the demo . the only different thing is that you would also run it on the on the antrecorp , uh , uh , speech . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so maybe dominik , you have the scores for all the files , right ? so pick some file of antrecorp , uh , which , uh , like , uh , works probably well . the the best of antrecorp . but it 's pretty bad . all of all of them are pretty bad i believe . ( d ) no , i do n't have the document scores . i have only your findings paper . ( o ) okay . yeah , i see . uhmm . ( d ) and validation error , only 2 documents . ( o ) umm , that 's right . yeah , yeah , yeah . so , uh , yeah , will include one horrible antrecorp , yeah . so this is actually a to do for , uh , mohammad . provide asr , uh , so vr scores for ehm dominik 's runs , uh , of all antrecorp files . so mohammad , uh , are you here ? ( m ) yes . ( o ) this is , this is a sub-set of the lines in the output tsv file . so , if you can select the appropriate lines of that output tsv file and , uh , and then send it to , uh , dominik and me . ( m ) uh , yeah . ( o ) that that would be- . that would help . ( m ) only for asr ? ( o ) uh , i think it 's the asr is so much influencing the translation quality that it 's okay to go with as the word error rate . and then we 'll choose based on the word error rate and we 'll kind of assume that the translation quality is , uh , is equal across the different asr , uh , qualities . but the asr quality is is the killing factor . ( m ) uh , i i will send you for ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah . okay . thank you . uh , okay , so and now- . ( o ) can you , sangeet can you can you mute yourself ? yeah . there is some- . your , i think your microphone is is very sensitive . for some reason , uh , maybe check the input , uh , again like in in windows setting . so sorry , what were you saying mohammad ? ( m ) please check my mohammad section . yeah , so this this file , right ? yeah thi this part , right ? ( m ) yes . yes . ( o ) yeah , i 'll check that in a lli like soon . thank you . let 's let 's move to jon\u00e1\u0161 quickly . so jon\u00e1\u0161 , you have been obviously working on your thesis . uh , submitting thesis , uh , and then , uh , wrote a parts- . so jon\u00e1\u0161 , are you here ? ( j ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i 'm here . i'm- . ( o ) yes , so so- . ( j ) so so basically i i have been mainly actually playing with the kaldi server . so i do n't know if it would be useful for us . like for the machine translation or the segmentation , but for some my experiments i 've done that now it like the output gets updated much faster . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) so now it was like once per second . and now it 's like ten times per second , so yes , so it 's updating much faster and uh second thing that i put there is that we can get a board level time stamps . ( o ) mhm . ( j ) for each of the word in the current hypothesis , uh , and because- . right now , it was just beginning of the whole ( ? ? ? ) current path and the end time stamps . but now , uh , there is like some additional functionality that it can output like the word level time stamps . so i 'm i 'm not sure if if it would be helpful . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so so i would like to have this set-up which does not rely on mediator . and for that this tcp kaldi server is useful but for the mediator set-up we have the kaldi server by dominik . so , uh , maybe it would be good if you , uh , got in touch with dominik , uh , and if these features that you have now found in kaldi server , in the tcp kaldi server were were also made available if that 's not too hard in the like kaldi worker . would that make sense dominik ? i do n't know how , uh , or well please talk directly . jon\u00e1\u0161 and dominik should talk about this and figure out how much work would it , uh , would it involve . ( j ) ( ? ? ? ? ) are changes that i 've do i 've put directly into the like binary of the tcp server . ( o ) okay , so maybe the same changes could be done within the kaldi worker . so . ( j ) mhm . yes . i 'm i 'm i 'm not actually sure ho how the worker exactly works . but- . ( o ) yeah . uh , talk to- . ( d ) the wor the worker only resends what it receives from kaldi . ( j ) so it- . but i i think it uses the kaldi binary , the tcp server , right ? ( d ) yes . you gave us some shell scripts which starts the tcp server on some ports and it connects to this ports . ( j ) yes , so so these changes i have done are inside this binary . ( o ) mhm . so it should be easy . ( j ) so there is like the option if we , if we find useful space for it then we can get word level time stamps for the real time recording . ( o ) yes , i would like to have them . ( j ) ( ? ? ) much faster updating the ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , i w i would like to have the word level time stamps in the , uh , in the log files . so this is for sangeet actually . so that the log files are very verbose . i 'd like to have that , uh , uh , as well . so , uh , to do for sangeet . make sure that our log files include this word level time stamps . okay , so thank you . ( s ) so when- . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so what level time stamps from the asr output of kaldi asr ? ( o ) yeah . ( j ) mhm . ( s ) okay . ( j ) for the real time recognition . ( s ) mhm , okay okay . ( o ) so this is , this is what is then useful for sltf for the evaluation of the simultaneity of of the speech . so when we know which word was when , recognised when , we can link it and , uh , score it against the golden transcript . ( s ) okay , okay . ( j ) so so i will . i have like copy of the original tcp server that i 've modified so i can do like launch kaldi script ( o ) yeah , copy copy sounds risky . can you commit it to the kaldi repository directly ? uh , and or should it better go into the one of the elitr- . should should elitr clone kaldi ? like sorry for k kaldi ? ( j ) yeah , yeah . we we , we can we can do it like that because yeah- . it it 's quite difficult to get like full request into the kaldi- . ( o ) yeah , so please that- . i think it would be very good for the elitr project to establish , uh , itself as a supplier of kaldi improvements . so i fully support the idea that we would be like directly creating plural request for kaldi , uh , but i do n't know their reviewing process and and all that so . uh , uh , so for now please create within our elitr , the github organisation the fork of kaldi and do the changes there . and we should actually move to our version of kaldi . ( j ) mhm . okay , yeah yeah- . that would be the best option i think . ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . and we have only 5 minutes until we are really like cut-off again so- . so atul is also on the call . so atul what what is your progress ? are you here ? i 'm not sure . we do n't hear you . ( a ) hello ? ( o ) yeah , yeah it works . okay . ( a ) okay . hi , so i have collected , uh , georgian and what is the name ( ? ? ) gave me . because in the last meeting we discussed like remaining languages like georgian and hebrew and uh- . and another language , uh- . ( o ) icelandic . ( a ) icelandic , yes so it is collected and i will upload today . this data . and all the files i 've already sent russian , serbian and what is the name . croatian . karolina karolina what was the file name yeah danish . yeah today i sent danish file to karolina for validation . we discussed- . as in the last meeting we discussed , okay , if she can do like any like similar closer languages validation . so i had a conversation with karolina and she agreed for danish and dutch . ( o ) okay . ( a ) so i just sent danish and remaining russian text data i 've sent it has sent it to jekaterina for the validation . ( o ) yeah okay . ( a ) so i do n't know how many is- . and okay , that is working- . so just i received , 15 or 20 minute before i received daniel email for remaining annotators so i will send all the annotators all the files . uh , but regarding the norwegian we did n't receive any response from the e iva iva kurubi sorry i do n't know what is the actually iva by iva . the response . and i sent it in 30th april 3000 sentences but we did n't receive any response . i remain . i sent 2 reminders but i don \u2019 t know . maybe she is- . ( o ) okay . ( a ) busy in another work . ( o ) yeah , yeah . okay . that 's that 's bad . well this can obviously happen . so we have to like come-up with backup solutions and and ask people if they , uh- . yes , it 's it 's possible that like- . because we were , uh , not providing the input quickly enough , uh , that she got busy with other things . it 's it 's possible . ( a ) she has , maybe it 's possible . i have- . ( o ) i do n't know- . ( a ) so i 've asked thea if we have any other annotator . so because i \u2019 ve already shared some , uh , annotator list which was created by sangeet i think . ufal language map . uh , uh , so i have already shared if you agree on that unle annotator so we can send all the files for validations . so once the validation is done , so we can merge like tester- . we can create new tester directory and where we will put all the multilingual or parallel data equivalent . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) otherwise it will create- . again it will create problem like we count sentence alignment and so it 's different status so- . ( o ) yeah , yeah .", "tgt": "sangeet 's work . word error rate . testing sessions . english golden transcription - problem . process of tokenization - mohammad . tool - speech mode recognition . presentation - what to present for how long . jon\u00e1\u0161 - possibility of word level time stamps . remaining languages collected by atul . no response from eva about norwegian ."}
{"src": " ( b ) ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) ( b ) hi sangeet . ( a ) hi . ( b ) there , yeah , i i do n't have headphones here . so i 'll move to the ( ? ? ) floor . i may disconnect for a second . ( a ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) and uh - so please , whatever someone come , please make sure the the populate the uh surge document and i 'll i 'll . ( a ) uhm , uhm . ( b ) in a few second , but i 'll - my time is again limited so - i 'm here , but uh , . ( a ) . ( b ) through the floors . so the connection would be unstable . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yes . ( b ) ( b ) hi to reconnect . ( a ) yeah , i ( knew ) it . ( b ) yeah , okay , good , it works . hi . so we do n't have anyone . i hope , that the people will confirm - vojt\u011bch will prepare domain adaptation for monday seminar . yes , there is 2. uh , so i 'll i 'll comment on that . uh , vojta - please tune , there is 2 seminars at all . like just in a rough this monday , both speaking uh , english and uh , just join them . yeah , so what what vojt\u011bch wrote , is w- where ( ? ? ) get document , that he will prepare the for the monday seminar . i confirmed that it will be good . uh , the monday seminar will be done through zoom . so i will get ready for that by follow- by connecting zoom ( ? ? ) notebook and following the sound output of the machine itself . uh , so we 'll see , how the sound quality is de- degraded , when people are connected to remotely . this is also som- something , that would be worth measuring . so when you are bored , it would be good to uh , s- pass the to - well , you have not probably received the credentials for the zoom thing , but - ( a ) no , not yet . ( b ) yeah , but we we could try it , so that i would stream some of the audio files uh , from here through zoom and you would record those and then we would have like a secondary audio , which is often degraded quality , and we would see we could measure the word error rate increase by that . ( a ) um-hum , um-hum , um-hum . ( b ) so this is this is simi- very similar to what uh , we uh , should be doing with the compression , that sunit still has not provided . so that would be uh , that would be uh , good thing to try . uh , and then try to get fe ( a ) you mean recording the audio if recording the audio you mean ( ? ? ) wording , whatever we hear from the speakers . ( b ) yes , yes . so you would be a participant , i would be sending the audios , so i would be - my microphone would be such to the playback to the monitor of my playback . i would play the recording , that we have from some past , uh , like from the the microphone , like audacity base recording for example . and then , i would send that through zoom and you would receive that through zoom and that would give us a new audio . so you 'd be recording your sound output and that would give us a new audio , that we could asses the loss in in precision through that . ( a ) um-hum . ( b ) yep . okay , so v- vojt\u011bch provided his input that 's good and you did ( ? ? ) setup , it 's ready , including the videos , right ? ( a ) yeah , in- including the videos . ( b ) okay , yeah , so please , uh , uh , please here sample path to the video . so that just an as an example . yeah , that 's good . then you have been working on the forced alignment and are uh , like uh , w- w- putting this more to mohamed right ? ( a ) um-hum , yeah right - ( b ) so how ( ? ? ) ? ( a ) to- to- today , we have a meeting uh , i have a meeting with mohamed , so i 'll tell him , how to run the forced alignment . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) and i 'll ( ? ? ) them ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , i suggest to use probably a google document along with the call because he is in iran . and the sound quality is pretty bad . when he starts talking , immediately it like it degrades and and gets lost . so he can say short and easy things , but not complicated things . ( a ) um-hum . ( b ) and the uh , the chat is not g- good for that . so i suggest , that you - ( a ) yes , so far i have not that human the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yes , like is another option . so , but w- w- whatever you do , uh , uh - so actually , try to use as much primary resources as possible and the primary resources , that means , there is the readme that goes with the forced aligner . ( a ) uh , yeah . ( b ) so go through that readme and improve that readme . so that the next person , who who has to start from scratch will have an easier position . ( a ) um-hum , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) yeah , so that the slack is fine , discuss that on slack and you do n't need a google document . so we use the the primary sources and and slack to to explain if if there is any problems . that that 's great , okay . then - okay , so you have done all the log from mock conference . okay . so again , please , please , put the path here , uh . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) yeah , i 'll - ondrej will try to forward it to ( ? ? ) for exploration . so that we know . and then , you are doing the asr for daniel and anna . that 's great and you are working on sl- uh , iwslt of of what ? ( a ) uh , f- for the - um , ju- just i i mean , that i i i so that you release some data for iwslt . ( b ) um-hum . ( a ) so i downloaded data asr and i uh , but dominik questioned me to uh , to doodle mt those asr - ( b ) um-hum . ( a ) and i re- i retrain asr with ( ? ? ) mt , than the mt and edinburgs mt , and saying may it is kind of ( ? ? ) ( b ) yeah , synchronize with dominik . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) because he is done , he has done some of this maybe himself . so just make sure , that you are in very close very close touch with him . okay , great , that 's good . and the - so not implement , just integrate . uh , so it 's uh , implemented by mat\u00fa\u0161 . ( a ) mat\u00fa\u0161 , yeah . ( b ) and then , logs from - ( a ) logs for ( ? ? ) for ebrahim and ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , but this is actually the this identical . uh , uh , this is identical to doing the iwslt runs . ( a ) aha , okay . ( b ) so this is exactly the same thing . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah it 's the same thing , yeah . ( b ) and logs for uh , lang yeah , ( ? ? ) that is for the for the manual transcription . right ? ( a ) yeah , yep . ( b ) yep , so when doing these , please , make sure , that you preserve segment level timing . so the idea is that for forced aligner , we need to chop a long speeches into smaller ones . so when the transcribers are revising the transcript from the asr , they should keep many of the timestamps there . and they will modify the sentences . in many cases they will have to like rejoin sentences . so the timestamps of uh , of a sentence beginning should not be interesting , uh , they would have to be removed , but many will remain . so as soon as the correct sentence beginning coincides with the 1 , that was proposed by asr . we can reuse the time stamp and then we can chop at those timestamps . so by preserving the timestamps in the manual revision , 1st you make it easier to like revise that . you you can make it easier for the human to jump to the appropriate part of the of the sound . and 2nd , the sound can be broken up into the sorter sounds for the forced aligner . ( a ) um-hmm . ( b ) so please , come up with the format , that mixes the segments from the uh , from the asr , the sentences . and the timestamps , i suggest it would be something very simple , like just the numbers . uh , uh if there is a line , which contains only numbers and columns , it is a timestamp , and other lines are the transcript . so it would be like interleave lines . sometimes , there would be no timestamp between the sentences , that 's ne- that 's not a problem . sometimes , the- the-there is no point in in having 2 timestamps , or yes , there could even 2 timestamps after another and no no text between them . if for example , there was long piece of silence . so so i would suggest just interleaved segments and timestamps as the input to the annotators . right ? ond\u0159ej uh , recommends to keep a seg-level timestamps in the format of interleaved a lines - some lines are text , some lines contain just the numeric timestamp . uh . more text ( ? ? ) in a row . yep . so okay , thanks . so that was sangeet . and now we have dominik . we also hear someone , that 's pro- probably mat\u00fa\u0161 , right ? ( c ) uh , yes , uh . ( b ) yes , yeah . so your your sound quality is is bad . so i 'll i 'll have to leave very soon myself , so please mat\u00fa\u0161 , i was n't in touch with your for a while , so please , briefly tell us , how is life in switzerland ? ( c ) how is life in switzerland ? ca- can you hear me ? ( b ) yes , it ' it 's bad sound quality . i think it 's because you probably do n't use any headphones . ( c ) uh , i- is it better now ? ( b ) yes , it is better , much better . ( c ) oh , okay , okay . it was my kick . okay . so have uh - yeah . m- maybe for sangeet . i have finished the audio visualization tool . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) have you have you tried it ? does it work okay ? ( a ) not yet , i i i had n't have ti- i have n't time yet , so no . ( ? ? ) like this is my to-do list for for the next week . ( c ) um-hmm , okay , okay so then , just let me know . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah sure . ( c ) and i have also trained the model for for uh , i think it was 27 , no , it was uh , uh , basically for a- all the languages from from the data set in uedin . ( b ) um-hmm . and can we integrate this ? is it uh , is it the same tensor2tensor , or whatever , that we have integrated ? ( c ) it is the same uh , exactly the same uh , tensor2tensor as the as the 7 to se- as the 6 to 6 model . ( b ) uh , which i do n't know whether - ( c ) which i which i have integrated in - ( b ) okay . yes , so please , this is another thing for sangeet and you . please , synchronize on this , so that we can really use this model . and it is now the ideal time for evolution , which of the models works better . uh please , include them in the evaluation of desk set iwslt . right ? ( c ) um-hmm . ( b ) sangeet ? ( a ) um-hmm um-hmm , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) that 's that 's good . ( c ) yeah . and and also , i have n't really evaluated the models , so so well , so i will have to evaluate in on all languages yet . ( b ) um-hmm . ( c ) and it is still possible that it that it is too small for all the all the languages because i used - ( b ) okay . ( c ) i i used the very sm- like i used the vocabulary of 64000 just 6 languages and now i use the same like a vocabulary uh , for all the languages . so it is possible - ( b ) um-hmm . ( c ) it w- it wo n't have enough vocabulary , but i will have to to test that as well . ( b ) yeah . okay so this is - plea- please , just proceed with this and do it . so the the the deadline for iwslt has been extended . it 's the 20th of april for the submission , or f- the system outputs . uh , and the deadline for the paper submission has not been extended and that comes only 4 days after that , on 24th or something like that . so please , if if it works , if your multi-ling- lingual model is included in the evaluation , regardless if we choose it as the primary submission or not , please , described that as well . so please , talk to sangeet and dominik where the paper will be and yes and and and have the description included . ( c ) mm-hmm . ( b ) great , that 's good . okay . uh , and any other thing ? ( c ) ah , from uh , i do n't think so ( though ) . ( b ) yes , tuesday at 4 , would that be a good time for for these calls for you ? ( c ) tuesday , i think yes . ( b ) yeah . so i 'll i 'll i 'm trying add this actually question on everybody . i 'm trying to move that from - yeah . move away from uh , from thursday to tuesday . and i hope , that it will also uh , help us to get more people here because well , is only only s- only the 3 of you or 2 of you . i do n't know , where the others are . despite i sent the e-mail this morning to remind everybody uh . ( c ) yeah , i i also - for me , it was very like l- very much like the day the day saw it . ( b ) okay . ( c ) so usually you read the e-mails in like , later . ( b ) ah , i see , yeah yeah . ( c ) and when you just said it and when you just sent it i- i- in the morning , that i 'm later . ( b ) yeah , yeah . i know , i know , but it 's - ( c ) ( ? ? ) 10 minutes after the call started so . ( b ) yeah , but it is it is actually a regular meeting . so that 's , why i thought that people should be coming anyway . and this is a confirmation of regular call . so i 'm now moving in to to tuesday and and making the regular for tuesday hopefully . ( c ) because because i i thought , that the the you would be move it already this week , when you resend the e-mails . ( b ) yes , yes , but will only dominik f- updated the doodle . so it 's ma- maybe others for ( fine ) with that , but still the they did n't join to - okay . i 'll - never mind . uh , yep . and uh , and as um so switzerland is doing good or bad within the ? - ( c ) yeah , a- a- actually actually you would think , that they would do more , more sayings the the government . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) but , but they were quite slow to react so . ( b ) um-hum , so . you do n't have a trouble . ( c ) yes , so last week uh , everyone was just uh , yeah , well , they call it spazieren , or something like like that . like they were ta- taking walks . ( b ) yeah , um-hum . ( c ) of on the streets like as if n- as if nothing was happening and so . and so that would n- n- now , they are writing more more cases per per - ( b ) ( ? ? ) . ( c ) per population than in italy , but it 's like - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) and ( ? ? ) the switzerland is the most infective after after french . so there is a china , italy , france , uh , spain , then france then then is switzerland . so it 's like - ( c ) yeah , but ( ? ? ) . ( a ) a europe is a - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) ( ? ? ) yeah . ( c ) yeah , yeah , but basically , that i i have ordered instant food and i have food for months , so i do n't care . ( b ) okay . good , that you bought it because it will be out s- foc- out of supplies soon . ( c ) would i did actually , i i ordered instant food from a czech company called mana . ( b ) okay . ( c ) and they make these food , that contains a 100 % of everything it it it 's just like dust , like flour so . ( b ) okay . yeah . so thanks for the details , i 'll have to uh , get uh , go home at the moment . so dominik , maybe if can very briefly say the most important parts . that 's the submitted papers , thanks a lot for that again . so is dominik listening ? ( c ) it looks li- it looks like he 's video is frozen . ( b ) ah , okay . so maybe he is a pro- ( promote ) the connection . ( a ) so mat\u00fa\u0161 , if you could document what we said ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) in in in the in the google document in to-do list . ( b ) to-do list ( ? ? ) . ( c ) ah , yes , sorry . ( b ) + ( c ) ( c ) so elitr surge 2020 document . ( a ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) okay . ( b ) so thanks thanks to all . please , keep this uh , you can still be until 11:30 on this call so and then it will probably end . so feel free to discuss whatever uh it 's you like and i 'll i 'm i 'm leaving . so thanks a lot . and and next tuesday , hopefully there will be more people . thanks . bye bye . ( a ) bye , bye , bye , bye . ( c ) bye . ( a ) ( c ) okay , i 'll be back here in a minute . ( a ) um-hum , okay , yeah , yeah , yeah . hi , uh , dominik can can can you hear me ? yes , we are we we ca n't hear you in - hello , hello dominik ? and dominik ? ca- ca- can you say something ? no , no , no , no , nothing from dominik . ( c ) hello . ( a ) yeah , i can hear you mat\u00fa\u0161 . ( c ) yeah , i have one more question . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah please ( ? ? ) . ( c ) uh , i actually forgot how to how to send uh , ( ? ? ) or or how exactly do send data through through the pipeline e- ( ev ) client , uh , when i want to asr for example . ( a ) uh , ( ? ? ) . ( c ) and i 'm not sure and i 'm not sure , what are tho- all those fingerprints and so on and i do n't have them any- anywhere written . ( a ) ah , okay , okay . so uh , basically , so you want to get asr out put from when of the asr workers , like our asr worker or ( kit ) asr worker ? uh , and i mean get the asr put and if you did to the y- y- your uh , uh m- mt many to many mt . is that what do you want ? ( c ) yeah , well , i i 'm just like uh , basically to to have all the like possible command listed somewhere . is it there repository , somewhere , where i can see all the commands ? ( a ) so that 's not like a command , but we have prepared some ( scripts ) , which does asr and ( add ) this together , but uh , if you want uh , ( ? ? ) added on slack ? ( c ) uh , yeah . ( a ) i can check . ( c ) i think , i am there , yes . i will ( just ) have to - ( a ) yep , so ( ? ? ) . ( c ) uh , what is the name of the slack ? elitr ? ( a ) yeah , elitr slack . ( c ) ( key ) . no , i just have to guess the password . nice . ( a ) aha okay , so ( ? ? ) fingerprints . ( c ) yeah . ah , okay . okay , thanks . because i i was trying to run something through it . ( a ) um-hum . ( c ) this week and - ( a ) ah , okay , okay . at 28th you were talking what like how do get uh , uh , ( ? ? ) de- descripts ( ? ? ) how to get asr and and - ( c ) yeah , i i just was n't sure , how the call it , but but basically , i just ca- called and it and it always just said , that that it does n't know the language or something so . i did n't know more than ( ? ? ) to write there . ( a ) yeah , okay , then . okay , so so ( ? ? ) dominik uh , he has uh , uh , ( ? ? ) . i think , uh , so for ( ? ? ) to 44 uh , i think ( ? ? ) we are working on ( ? ? ) . dominik , if you ( ? ? ) like uh . so i 'm talking , what your point number 4 , where you wrote about uh , evaluation of 10 english to german and english to czech mt models iwslt . ( a ) ( c ) ( c ) uh , sorry , could you said it again ? i did n't hear you . ( a ) uh , yeah , i i i i i 'm talking to i 'm just saying to a dominik . so he has internet and he was evaluating the 10 , english to german and english to czech mt models for iwslt . and i think , this is what - i i started to work , but i could not make it uh , ( completely ) because i dominik uh - i i need to came to relay , should n't type the different mt 's front uh , give me like uh , from give me and yeah , id in edinburgh , have to be treated differently and i i 'm not get time ( ? ? ) german ( ? ? ) . so now from today , i have uh , uh , all the ( feedback ) for this and i 'll be happy to uh , ( ? ? ) on on on this so . yeah , that 's was ( all thing ) dominik . so i i i i already have the scripts , which i modified from you , so i just make a few ( ? ? ) and then in data . i think , that they should ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . so if you have already further tasks ( ? ? ) in this data , we can ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . so i i would think , the uh , if you have anything uh , more uh , uh , that you uh , uh , i i i can do for you , then that you can let me know . you can could go ( ? ? ) than i think , that 's all i have . and also , uh , dominik , so this week i m- i 'll be able to fix uh , the a s- s- segmentor thing because that it 's a little ( ? ? ) other ( branch ) for a segmentor division and i did not have time to fix it . so hopefully this time i 'll i 'll make uh , i 'll make some ( clean ) option the segmentor , so that really have this ( ? ? ) uh , s- s- segmentor and and to ( ? ? ) some 1 segmentor instead of 2 at all . okay , okay , okay . and and dominik did the - seriously , we were discussing ( ? ? ) to ebrahim with regarding the segment-level . uh , segment-level timestamps . i mean actual audio . so did you uh , b- will you successful uh , on that ( ? ? ) successfully . okay , ah , sorry ( obvious ) i i ( ? ? ) works . so i 'm saying , that uh , yesterday , we , you and e- ebrahim - we and ebrah- we eval- discussing with ebrahim regarding how to get segment level timestamps of the o- o- of the mt segment . as in the actual audio so . so uh , will you successfully running that ? in getting the actual timestamp of the mt . as ( ? ? ) video time in in in the audio . so ( ? ? ) . okay , okay , yeah , yeah , you ( ? ? ) tried it . okay , then , that 's all from - okay , okay , okay , okay . okay , so . so mat\u00fa\u0161 , i i have - ( c ) yep . ( a ) so you have a create a many to many mt m- models - ( c ) uh , yeah , i 'm just going to start the evaluation on the languages now . it 's just uh , just for technical reasons uh , i can do it all at once so . ( a ) uh , i did n't hear , you must ( ? ? ) can you repeat that ? ( c ) yeah , i 'm going to start the evaluation now , just for technical reasons i ca n't do it all at the same time . so i will have to do it separately for each language . ( a ) ah , okay . ( c ) and - ( a ) so ( c ) and and and make it more complicated is that the - it 's basically like i think it 's 42 or something language uh - ( a ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( c ) like per a- i 'm going to to evaluated on pairs with english , if that 's okay . ( a ) um-hum , um-hum . ( c ) because i be- because it was trained as english ( ? ? ) . ( a ) ah , ah , yeah , yeah , yeah . from uh , or from more ( ? ? ) language to english and then from english to again , all the ( ? ? ) languages ( c ) uh , sorry ? ( a ) so so by en- en- english at the ( center ) language , you ( ? ? ) from all the 42 languages to e- english and from english then ( ? ? ) to all ( ? ? ) to languages . ( c ) yes , yes , yes , yes . ( a ) and can you side the source for these uh , an mt - so are you using the edinburgh 's model ? ( c ) uh , i am using uedin 's data . ( a ) aha , aha . ( c ) but i 'm using the - ( a ) so the thing is uedin also has a many too many models . so i i was just finding , if you using the same , or you have trained uh , separate uh , uh kind of ( lape ) . ( c ) yes , so i i was i was using the many too many model , that they had before . ( a ) aha , aha , aha . ( c ) but it was like totally unusable , when we tried it . ( a ) yeah , yeah , i i just ( ? ? ) yeah , yeah , it recently work yeah . ( c ) uh , so so that 's actually , why i i i made this fun . ( a ) um-hum . ( c ) but i but i 'm not sure , if it is usable on all the languages it , but i i know , that in 6 to 6 it works a quite well . ( a ) aha , aha . ( c ) and they also tried it in the uh , paraphraser . and they - ( a ) um-hum , um-hum . ( c ) may be some evaluation on it , likes uh , s- some of their matrics , like fluency and and i do not know what , what they do there , so so probably it - they should have it somewhere in in their in their paper . i do n't have it , but i am going to evaluate it on on the data , that i have myself . oh , oh yeah , the evaluation data for - yeah . uh , i know , that someone wrote me something about evaluation data , but i 'm not i do n't remember exactly , what it was . ( a ) um-hum . ( c ) evaluation . now , we only have 5 minutes left . ( a ) y- yeah , yeah ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yeah , so o-o- on which data should i should i evaluate it ? so so so the w- so that we can compare it with with the other models . ( a ) uh , which data to evaluate ? i think , i 'm not sure about this question because i did n't know the test set . uh i think , daniel would be the the right person to to answer your question , ( thus ) until i ( daniel ) has been supervising the test set . ( c ) yeah , so uh - so so my question was like - sorry . my question was what what ond\u0159ej was saying uh , about about comparing it with with other models . uh , he was saying something like that before . ( a ) um-hum . ( c ) right . ( a ) and and right , okay . ( c ) and so uh , what is that about ? uh . ( a ) i 'm not sure if i if i can say something to you ( ? ? ) , but is you write e-mail to ondrej and daniel ( ? ? ) . ( c ) well , daniel who ? maybe i will just check the check this thing , this document , if there is something about it . yeah , i i also received the mail from dominik . ( a ) um . hum . ( c ) uh , following ( table ) issue , i evaluate some mt workers from the the for quality , latency and flicker . ( ? ? ) . yes , so it is iwslt dot test 2015 . is dominik here ? ( a ) uh . ( c ) uh . ( a ) yeah , he is tipping and he he is here . ( c ) yes , so uh , so you wrote uh , it the e-mail about the about this . so perhaps the - uh , and can i find the the data set , that you used somewhere ? do you have it somewhere available , like ? or if you find it somewhere , can ? - okay , okay , so so i- so if i just the use it from the there , it would be the exact same data set , okay . okay . okay , then , thank you . okay . ( a ) so i think , if we go offline ( ? ? ) yet . ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yeah . ( a ) i do n't think system works . ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yeah , i do n't know either . ( a ) okay so bye , we can say bye to each other . ( c ) yeah , yeah , bye everyone . ( a ) bye , bye , bye . yeah , and any questions w- we can ( ? ? ) on slack . ( c ) okay , okay , i 'm adding the slack to my", "tgt": "vojt\u011bch: preparing the domain adaptation for the monday seminar done through zoom . two monday seminars at all - both english speaking . possibility of measuring word error rate increase caused by quality degradation at the remotely organized monday seminar . it can also be tested at some older audios to access loss in precision . sangeet: forced alignment . through the readme and slack to explain mohamed , how to run ut . log for mock conference . to put the path here . asr for daniel and anna . iwslt - mt . to integrate live audio visualizer - implemented by mat\u00fa\u0161 . log for lang tool . to preserve segment level timing . the format of interleaved lines - some lines are text , some lines contain just the numeric timestamp . mat\u00fa\u0161 : audio visualization tool is finished . the model training for all the languages from data set in uedin . to do - evaluate the model on all the languages , if it works to describe it as well . after the evaluation , the model should be comparable with other models . the deadline for iwslt was extended - april of 20th - it is for the system outputs , but not for the paper submission . discussion between mat\u00fa\u0161 and sangeet about commands repository . dominik: paper submission . evaluation of ten english to german , english to czech mt models for iwslt - still working on that ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi , hello . can you hear me , does it work ? ( s ) yeah . ( ? ) hi . ( o ) yeah . yeah , great . so thanks for yo- thanks to all who are here . jon\u00e1\u0161 and atul said they could n't make it today . so they 'll add their bits to the documencht soon . and what is most urgent and i 'll i 'll like to start with so that i do n't forget . is the demo for the project officer . and sangeet is the main person looking after this from our side . our integrator pervoice are not exactly , well , successful in in the set-ups so to say . so i would like to ask we we had shsh i sa- yeah , so we we still do n't have matu\u0161 i was kinda hoping that matu\u0161 would would also join . so anybody who has some experience with youtube streaming and youtube re- streaming i mean stream , live streaming of some video which was already available on youtube beforehand . these skills would be would be useful . yeah . ok . so i it 's probably none none of none of you here . ehm what else sangeet could we ask help for ? 01:25 ( s ) honestly i have very little knowledge about these things . 01:32 ( o ) yeah , so . yeah , so if some other people join then will will possibly ask f for for that help again . ok , so for i see that you 're filling things . i would like to thank as well to sangeet and also to to matu\u0161 who is not here and also dominik who has reviewed that for and obviously to vil\u00e9m . the unihack subtitling . sangeet did you also have a chance to follow that , to see what it is actually doing ? ( s ) the unihack subtitling ? ( o ) yeah . yeah . 02:19 ( s ) yeah , actually no , i did n't get the question so what do i- ? 02:22 ( o ) sorry . i was asking if you actually tried to play the role of foreign speaking participant . if you checked the content . what it is actually doing . ( s ) you mean like speaker indetification ? ( o ) no , just unihack . the the the subtitling . how did it go ? ( s ) yeah , ok , yeah . that it it it went nice , it it was great . 02:49 and i have recorded audio and the directories have been updated with the logs and automatic transripts . 02:56 recordings , yeah , so . i i think , but i i do n't think if anyone even care to look at those subtitles . 03:03 yeah , so i 'm in need , we needed , we , we , we , should have like done some kind of adve ad advertisement . probably . 03:14 ( o ) i heard from the organisers that there was a person at least 1 person who has like joined that thanks to the subtitling . ( s ) yeah , exactly . so there there there were like only those- i think there was the first meeting which was the czech and a foreign person join and he was like english speaking and he he was the one to view . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and that i think he he uploaded the subtitles and they were quite good . 03:44 and matu\u0161 even mat vil\u00e9m even said that the czech ar the czech subtitles from the mt models which is the back translated czech was better than real asr czech . and that is a strange one . 04:01 ( o ) ok . so which is- ( ? ? ? ) operation . so we we need to ask vil\u00e9m what is the like to to to summarize that . ( s ) yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) yeah , ok . so , then , we still do n't have . we still do n't have matu\u0161 here . so maybe you or dominik will know about the english to 41 mt model testing . so what is the what is the status there ? ( s ) last time when i was testing ehm , matu\u0161 made many corrections that ( ? ? ) the delay issue . but still it 's there and it 's not properly is not properly fixed but- it has been like taking care of right now . make it to make it bit usable . and i think . so right now i want using dominik 's mt wrapper with with his with that mt models right now . and i plan to do with in the next future sessions . ( o ) yeah . so we need aside from this testing whether like it works in some way or whether the delay is acceptable . we also need to really start the testing on the elitr test set . so we need numbers . we need blascores , we need delays whatever , we need this regular loop of the the leather climbing . so are you . so i guess you should now now your priority really is the the demo . but this is this is the thing that you should focus on very soon aft- after that or like when when you 're waiting for someone for the demo or . yeah , when your demo scripts are kind of okay and you 're waiting for the session to test them with other people , please start working on the evaluation of the translation models and also the asr models . so this this whole unihack thing that can again be a test set . a part of a test set , if we get it transcribed . the , we can evaluate word error rate , yeah , and and all that . so please start , yeah , yeah . better than czech asr . how did it go . some kind of a report . yep . so , here the lag was still there . so the next step is that matu\u0161 should still look at it ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . and matu\u0161 will be running some things with tests . and ( ? ? ) for it . ( o ) sangeet will look at it and here ond\u0159ej reminds of the need to start leather climbing with elitr test set . yeah , yeah , okay . and then thanks for the punctuation retrain . the stats look good . i know this is only recall . so that 's what we are focusing on . ( s ) yeah . yeah . ( o ) and we see some improvement , the more sentences you have in the training data the higher the recall . i hope that- ( s ) ( ? ? ? ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , i hope the precision is not decreasing much . ( s ) no . no . no . ( o ) but , yeah . but i would like- so this is this looks promising . still give especially given the problems that we have with the segments are too short , too long , then i would prefer the recall to really get close to 100 . even at the cost of decreased precision . so so really let 's let 's like overshoot recall . ( s ) okay . ( o ) so that i think that would be usefull . so i 'll yep . so ond\u0159ej suggest to really try overshooting recall . the point is that we can then hide the full stops to the user . but we can use these segments to get the translations faster . s- and like more responsive . so the full stops could be then used only internally . not shown to the users . but still they would greatly improve the responsiveness . so to say . of mt . so , yeah . ( s ) yep , yep . ( o ) yeah , ok ? so preparation for the meeting with demo , great . start testing on elitr test leather climb , yeah yeah , ok , great . great , so we have mohammad . mohammad can you talk ? just quick check of the connection . scripts were written , put results and put them make it to- yeah , yeah , ok . so to summarise , mohammad has processed the submissions to ( ? edible ? ) slt . i know , thanks for resending that e-mail that that i accidentally somehow deleted . i got any hac i do have the the new copy . but i i still have not had a time to to like look at those numbers . and exactly , yes . ( ? ? ) pre-start processing that the all the results now . one more message is that ond\u0159ej has recieved remark from a team who failed to participate in time . ond\u0159ej ask them again . asked them if they could participate late so possibly , but this is not sure . there could be 1 more submission coming . late . it will be mar- if we if it arrives it will mark it as late . ok , yeah , great . so that 's progress from mohammad . and dominik . yes , please go ahead . ( d ) hello . can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah , we can hear you . ( d ) so yesterday i did spreadsheet with a list of submissions that we have . and i included the path and send it to ebrahim and mohammad and . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and so on . and i did a short review of this uni janus 's asr start up script . and and of the matu\u0161 's worker and i found that it 's probably too slow . but when sangeet use it , it was n't so slow , so i do n't know how . what's- ( s ) so actually during the weekend while you 're on holiday matu\u0161 made some corrections and he added a new file with less number of language . and it has- ( d ) but i reviewed this and it was slow at on my part . in my test but not in your not in your real session . ( s ) really ? ( d ) yes . but i tested it with mt wrapper . did you use mt wrapper ? ( s ) no , i i 'm not using mt wrapper so i do n't know . ( d ) well , then then the delay is too long and you should start using it . because it 's not realistic . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i am still worried about the mt wrapper that it has like too many parameters which which are dependent on the type of type of worker from ( ? ? ) it 's like a linear worker or ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( d ) but there is one convenient function in the set up scripts that you should use . ( s ) okay , okay , okay , okay , okay . so i 'll look at it . ( o ) so maybe , yeah . sorry to interrupt . maybe this goes back to another long standing task for sangeet to do . and that 's to to make the the running the set up folder like make it make it a stable thing kind of version so or like polish it . that 's it . that 's the that 's the short request . so that our set up is the best that we want to have . and not always put together with duck tape . yeah , so dominik so- yep . ( d ) and i 'm continuing with with back end asr . so it 's so worker which connects the kaldi asr to mediator . it 's on very good way and i i think i can have it finish by the end of week . ( o ) yeah , so this is the thing that you had also worked on for the project . for sorry , like semestral project for your- ( d ) yes , yes . ( o ) yeah . ok . ( d ) around now . ( o ) yeah , ok . and the benefit is that there would not be the need to run the separate kaldi server and instead we will directly launch the kaldi worker . obviously it was like , you will run it on the cluster and it will connect directly to the mediator and mediator will then use it when when asked for , right ? ( d ) yes . yes . ( s ) this is good , yeah . ( o ) yeah , this because this complicated our set up all the time and yeah . that 's that 's perfect . so there were always the port issues and things like that so this is a good good thing to to have . so the demo if- so if you 're really successful , then we could re include this in the demo . in the demo session . remember , there is 1 thing that no one again worked on probably . and that 's the the diagnosis of issues . we have seen strange slow downs of various things . and we do n't have a quick way of figuring out what is wrong . once it was the overloaded asr machine . this should now be easier if we could simply like start multiple kaldi servers and in- because they would connects as workers to the mediator and we could kill those that where the machines seems overloaded and and things like that . so this is this is step forward . but it 's still not the diagnosis . so it's- i do n't know how to divide the work . like it 's , i know that sangeet is is busy with starting these things and he is kind of irreplaceable . and that 's risky . and we need to have . well . this is this is maybe impossible , due to the covid crisis because we are in in different rooms . but if we are sitting in the single room , then we could help each other . ( s ) oh , yeah . definitely . yeah . that means ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) so- so sangeet in the back of your head thing how- if if you 're like struggling remember we have this for the zoom unihack planning call . where i was on slack , you were on slack and and vil\u00e9m . and we were trying , we 're trying to figure out what what is wrong , why it is slo so so slow . so it was very sub optimal . but still we were doing something . so we need to have like multiple operators diagnosing what what 's wrong . and i do n't know who maybe dominik actually then figured out what is what is wrong , right ? do you remember , it's- ( d ) not not last week , not last week . but few weeks ago . ( o ) yeah . i think . yeah . ( d ) because of this issue , this number 2. now's- ( o ) yeah . ( d ) i found out why how to run the as the janus asr worker on and block the whole machine . it 's just once one one line command . not the solution that sangeet used before . ( o ) yeah , ok . so we , sorry - 17:34 ( ? another _ language ? ) some bulb needs to be replace this very second . ok . so back to the- so this is this is promising . the back end asr the testing is good and i think that it will be good if dominik was available to watch the test sessions . like not to be all all the time there . but to be like on demand available . for the for the demo . so sangeet , can you please summarise there is this demo document . we should link it actually . that 's here . when are the demo sessions ? are there any more . so preparation for other meeting with po , so i 'm putting the url to the demo demo document there . upcoming demo for po . that 's the document . i 'm linking it actually twice from here . ehm sangeet please find out when the days and times- what are the what are the time slots in the coming few days . ( s ) ehm . and let also dominik know so that dominik can confirm when he would be available to watch and really . we need to do , we have done many tests . and still we are not with the stable set up . we are making the progress . we need to again make well 3 big tests and like crash tests i would call them . everyday until the demo is here . so we need to be really sure that we know how to quickly like pull it all switch everything off start it on again . we should deliberately kill it . so sangeet in 1 of your demo like test runs unplug your internet cable . you really be , we have to be nasty to the system . and you need to figure out how to how to fix it . so i 'll put it here preparation for yeah . so , ond\u0159ej asks for many and nasty tests . tearing of the internet cable and so on . so that we know how the system behaves and and how to fix it as quickly as possible . right ? ( s ) ehm . ehm . ( o ) so this is this is really important . gosh . ok so dominik . is there anything else ? ( d ) no . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . and we have still peter on the call . so petr . ( p ) hi . this week i 'm i will connect with dominik regarding the the continues slt . because last week he was on holiday . and and this week i have n't i did n't have time . to to get in touch with him . and and i 'm i 'm doing my inter speech submission and and also my thesis . ( o ) yeah . when is the deadline for inter speech ? if you could remind us . ( p ) i think it 's the 8. of may . but i i 'm going to check . ( o ) and is it anywhere on earth , right ? ( p ) hopefully . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) ( ? ? ? ) papers . ( o ) and i have actually one more request on or question on dominik . in the meantime . dominik , next week there is again the kudo conference . so i 'll write it as a to do . consider taking part in the kudo based mock conference next week . and especially check the kudo files from the previous one . did i share the path with you , dominik or did i forget ? ( d ) no . ( o ) ok . so that 's my fault then . net data elitr . elitr mock interpreted conferences . yes . it 's in the directory 2020 04 yep yep yep . so this is , this is the path . i hope it will paste it here . no again , it does n't paste . i need . yep . oh . so here is the path . it is one jason file . and i move this jason file outside of the directory with the str- stream files . so that it was easier to find it . but i have n't change the paths . so this this jason file will actually contain path to files that are directly in the stream . that are in the subdirectory stream files . and it it would work as as links if if you like moved it back . but i do n't think it 's a good idea to move it back . so it 's not writeable that 's good . because we do n't want to lose the data . yes , it 's all . it 's all read only . please try to make sense out of this . unfortunately , i do n't think there is any like- there is a program of the mock conference . i 'll try to figure it out . but i did n't have the assignment to the cabins . because that was in another e-mail that professor \u010denkov\u00e1 sent only to like the interpreters themselves and not us . ( d ) ok . ( o ) yeah . so then program- 24:52 so it says- 24:54 25:09 there is- ok , great . so i will forward this e-mail to you . i 'm not sure that you you got it . so please upload it it there . and try to figure out what is what . so , yeah . so i 'm just forwarding the e-mail to you dominik . please put the files into the directory . there is 2 attachments to the to the e-mail that i just sent you . and please put them to directory and then maybe make sense out of it . and please confirm to me and also professor \u010denkov\u00e1 that we can use this data set . before next week , so that we can- so that we have a good reason to ask her for one more recording . she said it was it spend her too much of her data and like took too long to upload . so we need to tell her that it 's worth the effort . ( d ) okay . and by which day ? ( o ) well , i do n't know . monday at the latest i would say . but it 's , yeah . if you can do it earlier would be better . because it 's on the 12 . on the 12th and so if you . and i think it could be useful for you to to just see the platform as well . on the 12 . so in the e-mail ask her for the credentials . she will send the credentials just the day beforehand or that 's what she did last time . so she sent me the the links only on monday and on tuesday i took part . ( d ) okay . ( o ) yeah , great , thank you . and yes . so peter has confirm the date . and there is this empty line and that was for i wanted to somehow make a note about this this joint set up that peter was mentioning . so can someone write down what exactly was that . that was something with peter and dominik . what was it ? ( p ) it 's a just a that you mentioned that dominik works on continues speech translation . ( o ) yeah , yeah . we have- like the window based set up . ( p ) yes , yes . ( o ) removing window , the moving window translation . yeah . ( d ) but i have n't tune it . so far . ( p ) and it 's like a graphenes to graphenes or . ( d ) no , it 's text to text . and . ( o ) yeah , which is text to- that 's graphene to graphene . graphene means means normal words . ( d ) okay . ( p ) okay . ( d ) and it 's it 's window of sentences into window of sentences . and i and i stopped working on it and i have n't try which part is the is the- should be the final one . whether the the first window or the middle one or the last . so this this has to be tuned . try everything- ( p ) actually , actually i 'm more interested in results because because my acustic models are into phonemes . that means that i need to retrain my my own own model that translate from phonemes into graphemes . ( d ) yeah , but . ( p ) so i 'm i 'm just interested in what what s what set up i or how the training goes and and such . ( d ) ok . i think i have i have only some negative results . i can sh share with you . ( o ) yeah , it was it was not much worse . but it was little worse than the baseline . but it was not much worse if i remember correctly . ( d ) yes . ( o ) and i do n't know whether you have written this anywhere , dominik . ( d ) no . ( o ) so there is so that 's a that 's a pitty kind of . it is in your jour- journal so to say . so there is the there is deliverables for elitr and one of those will definitely be on on spoken languages translation . and that is where the window based experiments should go . so i 'm checking june report analytics , technologies report . yes , spoken language translation . that 's the one that that barry asked for . if you remember . dominik , you were on that e-mail , right ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so exactly i 'll put that here into the- so , these- so maybe le let 's put it . results by dominik . the negative ones should go into this deliverable . ( d ) okay . ( o ) so please , write it down and you can directly like make use of peter as a reviewer of of that . so that it is self contained . ( d ) yes , but but it 's faster if i just tell him . or write an e-mail . ( p ) okay . ( o ) yeah , so write it in form which can then be easy it to convert it to a small report about the experiment to the deliverable as well . ( d ) okay . ( o ) so that you write it directly in in usable form . that 's that 's it . so yes . okay , so thanks . we do not have anyone else on the call . so thanks to all of you have participated . i 've seen that some of you have really put some details into the surge table , that is good . so please think again if there is anything else that you you 've done . please populate the table . because the time when i 'm i would need to like distribute the points and and officially decide how to convert point into into bonuses and how to pay them . that would be administratively complicated . especially now in in the current time . and like the administration slow . so i need to do it early enough so that it gets to you . so thank you . and will be in touch regarding the demo and also the interspeech submission or or submissions . we made it , only 4 minutes extra . so great . thanks . so talk to you next week . yeah ? ( s ) so . i i 'd like talk to dom dominik . ( o ) to dominik . so , yeah . so i 'm leaving the call but remember , in in 9 minutes or so it is over . ( s ) ( ? ? ? ? ) ( p ) bye bye . ( o ) yeah , bye . ( s ) so dominik , like okay . so i see like the wrapper and the ( ? ? ? ) has the documentation but the directory of ( ? ? ) has has documentation but like it is ( ? ? ) look in documentation i find it quite unclear on how to integrate the mt wrapper with my like day to day sessions . so can we make ( ? ? ) . ( d ) integrated with what ? ( s ) integrate with my a day to day my slts . ( d ) what what is it ? is it just one set up script ? one set up . ( s ) no , so how how do i use your mt wrapper with with the mts . ( d ) mt wrapper has an argument dash dash mt . and there you use the text text client . command . ( s ) yes , so exactly . so so then can we find the exact like documentation about the about this . ( d ) okay . you can- ( s ) if it is not there then ( ? ? ) ( d ) it 's in issue number 2. no , in issue number 3. there . ( s ) the ( ? ? ) so can we make another have this document- documentation in the front page of your of your mt wrapper . ( d ) okay . ( s ) in in the simple words , nothing extra . so and then i think it will be useful for the about ( ? ? ) ( d ) okay . ( s ) and ondrej would would sharing testing sessions test set in slots so what of these slots ( ? ? ) i myself have to come to come of the sunday ( ? ? ) session slots like that . ( d ) no , i i think the best way is that if you prepare the set up scripts for some for some event that then you commit them and i try to run them and i give you feedback . about them . ( s ) for some event like ( ? ? ) ( d ) sorry ? ( s ) what what event can you get it ? ( ? ? ? ) ( d ) i do n't know . some demo , demo event or anything like this . ( s ) like already recorded sessions kind of ? ( d ) no . for example the meeting with po is is an event . so i i i think you are planning to use some set up srcipts . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( d ) are you ? ( s ) yeah . ( d ) so you should send me . you should commit them and send them to me and i give you feedback . what's- and i i can start them on my own and i immediately find if anything is wrong . and i get you know or or fix it . by myself . ( s ) but i think of the ( ? ? ) to share all text sets and source with dominik . ( d ) yes . and just like just to let me know when is some some testing event and i will be available on the on slack . and if you need help then you can- . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . ( d ) you can utilise me . ( s ) yep . ( d ) but i hope that everything will be okay and i wo n't be necessary . ( s ) yeah ( ? ? ) and maybe the mt wrapper . and . so i will ( ? ? ) from like next ( ? ? ) few , on two days . like within one or two days . ( ? ? ) ok , i think the call will be over so so i think that 's all . ( d ) okay ( s ) okay , bye . ( d ) so see you . have a nice day . ( s ) see you .", "tgt": "cuni representative appointed as a main point of contact for the project . decision has been made to do the integration in-house as the external integrator historically has not been successful with set-ups . summary required for the demo document . list of demo testing sessions required . overseeing of testing sessions has been agreed and is to be auctioned . three major severe conditions crash tests have been requested to be performed daily until the demo is due , in order to build-up a robust and resilient set-up . search for a person with skills and relevant experience in live youtube video streaming and re-streaming . closely related tasks to support the project officer demo: testing of back end asr worker that connects kaldi asr to the mediator . streamlining the process by eliminating the need to run a separate kaldi server . the run will be done on a cluster with direct connection to the moderator . as such , there will be no need for complicated set-up and no port issues . if testing is successful , it will be included in the project officer demo . punctuation retraining . very promising improvement has been observed when focusing on a recall . the more sentences in the data the higher the recall whilst the precision is not decreasing too much . target given of a recall reaching closest possible to 100 even at a cost of decreased precision . this approach allows hiding the full stops to the user and significantly improves responsiveness of the mt model . english to 41 mt model testing . need to perform delay correction as only temporary fix is in place . suggestion has been made to us mt wrapper in the testing to obtain more realistic results . elitr project deliverables . start testing of elitr test set . statistics of operational and technical data needed in order to assess performance . work required on the evaluation of the translation models and asr models . continuous speech translation work to be sustained in windows based set-up . represented by moving windows translation , windows of sentences to windows of sentences . final window not yet decided . negative testing results have been obtained but not significantly worse than baseline . self-contained review required . unihack event recording was identified as possible test set . therefore following steps have been executed in order to analyse the recording and prepare for further processing . subtitling was updated with logs and automated transcripts . retrospectively a point was made about the lack of advertisement for the event . review required into why the back translated czech was better than a real asr czech and report is required . asr set-up script review was performed and scripts are deemed too slow , testing with mt wrapper suggested in order to obtain optimal results . late submission is awaited from a team who did not participate on-time . kudo mock conference on 12th of may . participation suggested to a team member , seeing the platform deemed beneficial . directory required and files to be checked . required confirmation on data set usage by 11th may . conference credentials to be required . inter speech submission deadline . confirmed as 8th of may . long standing tasks to be cleared . clean-up and polishing of run set-up folder . diagnosis of issues \u2013 specifically targeted on random slow down issues and usb-optimal performance . special diagnostics needed by multiple operators . high risk was identified in concentration of tasks to one person therefore distribution / shadowing is recommended . to fill surge data table in order to transform points into bonuses and pay . meeting results: areas of attention have been identified , priorities assigned , action plan agreed and responsibilities have been distributed ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi , hello . can you hear me , does it work ? ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . yeah , great . so thanks for yo- thanks to all who are here . jon\u00e1\u0161 and atul said they could n't make it today . so they 'll add their bits to the document soon . and what is most urgent and i 'll i 'll like to start with so that i do n't forget . is the demo for the project officer . and sangeet is the main person looking after this from our side . our integrator pervoice are not exactly well successful in in the set ups so to say . so ehm i would like to ask we we had i sa- yeah , so we we still do n't have matu\u0161 i was kinda hoping that matu\u0161 would would also join . so anybody who has some experience with youtube streaming and youtube re-streaming i mean stream , live streaming of some video which was already available on youtube before hand . these skills would be would be useful . yeah . ok . so i it 's for non non of non of you here . ehm what else sangeet could we ask help for ? ( s ) honestly i ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so . yeah , so if some other people join then will will possibly ask for for that help again . ok , so for i see that you 're filling things . i would like to thank as well to sangeet and also to to matu\u0161 who is not here and also dominik who has reviewed that for and obviously to vil\u00e9m . the uni hack subtitling . sangeet did you also have a chance to follow that , to see what it is actually doing ? ( s ) the uni hack subtitling ? ( o ) yeah . yeah . ( s ) yeah , actually i did n't get ( ? ? ) ( o ) sorry . i was asking if you actually tried to play their role of foreign speaking participant . if you checked the content . what it is actually doing . ( s ) you mean like speaker indetification ? ( o ) no , just uni hack . the the subtitling . how did it go ? ( s ) yeah , ok , yeah . that it it went nice , it was great . and i have recorder the audio and ( ? ? ) and automatic transripts . recordings , yeah , so . i i think , but i do n't think if anyone even care to look on to subtitles . yeah , so ( ? ? ) we should have like ( ? ? ) advertisement . ( o ) i heard from the organizers that there was a person at least 1 person who has like join that thanks to the subtitling . ( s ) yeah , exactly . so there there there were like only those- i think there was the first meeting which was the czech and a foreign person join and he was like english speaking and he he was the one to view . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and that i think he he uploaded the subtitles and they were quite good . and matu\u0161 even ( ? ? ) the czech ai the czech subtitles from the mt models which is the back translator czech was better than ( ? ? ) asr czech . and that is strange . ( o ) ok . so which is- so we we need to ask vil\u00e9m what is the like to to summarize that . ( s ) yeah , exactly , yeah . ( o ) yeah , ok . so then we still do n't have . we still do n't have matu\u0161 here . so maybe you or dominik will know about the english 2 41 mt model testing . so what is the what is the status there ? ( s ) last time when i was testing ehm , matu\u0161 made many corrections that ( ? ? ) the delay issue . but still it 's there and it 's not properly is not properly ( ? ? ) . it has been like taking care of right now . make to make it usable . and i think . so right now i want using dominik 's mt wrapper with with his with that mt models right now . and i plan to do with in the next feature sessions . ( o ) yeah . so we need ( ? ? ) from this testing whether like it works in some way or whether the delay is acceptable . we also need to really start the testing on the elitr test set . so we need numbers . we need blascores , we need delays whatever , we need this regular loop of the the leather climbing . so are you . so i guess you should now now your privilege is the the demo . but this is this is the thing that you should focus on very soon aft- after that or like when when you 're waiting for someone for the demo or . yeah , when your demo scripts are kind of ok and you 're waiting for the session to test them with other people , please start working on the evaluation of the translation models and also the asr models . so this this whole uni hack thing that can again be test set . a part of a test set , if we get it transcribed . we can evaluate word error rate , yeah , and and all that . so please start , yeah , yeah . better than czech asr . some kind of a report . yep . so here the lag was still there . so the next step is that matu\u0161 should still look at it . ( s ) yeah , yeah . and matu\u0161 ( ? ? ) doing some things with tests . ( ? ? ) ( o ) sangeet will look at it and here ond\u0159ej reminds of the need to start leather climbing with elitr test set . yeah , yeah , ok . and then thanks for the punctuation retrain . the stats look good . i know this is only recall . so that 's what we are focusing on . and we see some improvement , the more sentences you have in the training data the higher the recall . i hope that- ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , i hope the precision is not decreasing much . ( s ) no . ( o ) but , yeah . but i would like- so this is this looks promising . still give especially given the problems that we have with the segments are too short , too long , then i would prefer the recall to really get close to 100 . even as ( ? ? ) of decreased precision . so so really let 's let 's like over shoot recall . ( s ) ok . ( o ) so that i think that would be usefull . so i 'll yep . so ond\u0159ej suggest to really try over shooting recall . the point is that we can then hide the full stops to the user . but we can use these segments to get the translations faster . s- and like more responsive . so the full stops could be then used only internally . not shown to the users . but still they would greatly improve the responsiveness . so to say . of mt . so , yeah . ( s ) yep , yep . ( o ) yeah , ok ? so preparation for the meeting with demo , great . start testing on elitr ( ? ? ) , yeah yeah , ok , great . great , so we have mohammad . mohammad can you talk ? just quick check of the connection . scripts were written , put results and put them make it to- yeah , yeah , ok . so to summarize , mohammad has processed the submissions to edible slt . i know thanks for resending that e-mail that that i accidentally somehow delete it . i got any hack due have the the new copy . but i i still have not had a time to to like look at those numbers . and exactly , yes . ( ? ? ) pre-start processing that the all the results now . one more message is that ond\u0159ej has recieved remark from team who failed to participate in time . ond\u0159ej ask them again . asked them if they could participate late so possibly , but this is not sure . there could be 1 more submission coming . late . it will be mar- if we if it arrives it will mark it as late . ok , yeah , great . so that 's progress from mohammad . and dominik . yes , please go ahead . ( d ) hello . can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( s ) yeah , we can hear you . ( d ) so yesterday i did ( ? ? ) list of submissions that we have . and i included the path and send it to ebrahim and mohammad and . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and so on . and i did a short review of this uni janus asr start up script . and and of the matu\u0161 's worker and i found that it 's probably too slow . but when sangeet use it , it was n't so slow , so i do n't know how . what's- ( s ) actually during the weekend while you 're on holiday matu\u0161 made some corrections and he added a new file with less number of language . and it has- ( d ) but i reviewed this and it was slow at on my part . in my test but not in your not in your real session . ( s ) really ? ( d ) yes . but i tested it with mt wrapper . did you use mt wrapper ? ( s ) no , i i 'm not using mt wrapper ( ? ? ) . ( d ) well then then the delay is too long and you should start using it . because it 's not realistic . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ? ? ) about the mt wrapper that it has like too many parameters with which are dependent on the type of type of worker from ( ? ? ) . yeah . ( d ) but there is one convenient function in the set up scripts that you should use . ( s ) ok , ok ok ok . so ( ? ? ) ( o ) so maybe , yeah . sorry to interrupt maybe this goes back to another long standing task for sangeet to do . and that 's to to make the the running the set up folder like make it make it stable thing kind of version so like polish it . that 's it . that 's the that 's the short quest . so that our set up is the best that we want to have . and not always put together with duck tape . yeah , so dominik so- yep . ( d ) and i 'm continuing with with back end asr . so it 's so worker which connects the kaldi asr to mediator . it 's on very good way and i i think i can have it finish by the end of week . ( o ) yeah , so this is the thing that you had also worked on for the project . for sorry , like semestral project for your- ( d ) yes , yes . ( o ) yeah . ok . ( d ) around now . ( o ) yeah , ok . and the benefit is that there would not be the need to run the separate kaldi server and instead we will directly launch the kaldi worker . obviously it was like , you will run it on the cluster and it will connect directly to the mediator and mediator will then use it when when asked for , right ? ( d ) yes . yes . ( s ) this is good , yeah . ( o ) yeah , this because this complicated our set up all the time and yeah . that 's that 's perfect . so there were always the port issues and things like that so this is a good good thing to to have . so the demo if- so if you 're really successful then we could include this in the demo . in the demo session . remember , there is 1 thing that no one again work on probably . and that 's the the diagnosis of issues . we have seen strange slow downs of various things . and we do n't have a quick way of figuring out what is wrong . once it was the overloaded asr machine . this should now be easier if we could simply like star multiple kaldi servers and in- because they would connects as workers to the mediator and we could kill those that where the machines seems overloaded and and things like that . so this is this is step forward . but it 's still not the diagnosis . so it's- i do n't know how to divide the work . like it 's , i know that sangeet is is busy with starting these things and he is kind of irreplaceable . and that 's risky . and we need to have . well . this is this is maybe impossible , due to the covid crisis because we are in in different rooms . but if we are sitting in the single room , then we could help each other . so- so sangeet in the back of your head thing how- if if you 're like struggling remember we have this for the zoom uni hack planning call . where i was on slack , you were on slack and and vil\u00e9m . and we were trying , we 're trying to figure out what what is wrong , why this so so slow . so it was very sub optimal . but still we were doing something . so we need to have like multiple operators diagnosing what what 's wrong . and i do n't know who maybe dominik actually then figured out what is what is wrong , right ? do you remember , it's- ( d ) not not last week , but few weeks ago . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) because of this issue , this number 2. now's- ( o ) yeah . ( d ) i found out why how to run the as the janus asr worker on and block the whole machine . it 's just once one ( ? ? ) and the solution that sangeet used before . ( o ) yeah , ok . so we , sorry - ( ? another _ language ? ) some bulb needs to be replace this very second . ok . so back to the- so this is this is promising . the back end asr the testing is good and i think that it will be good if dominik was available to watch the test sessions . like not to be all all the time there . but to be like on demand available . for the for the demo . so sangeet , can you please summarize there is this demo document . we should link it actually . that 's here . when are the demo sessions ? are there any more . so preparation for other meeting po , so i 'm putting the url to the demo demo document there . upcoming demo for po . that 's the document . i 'm linking it actually twice from here . ehm sangeet please find out when the days and times- what are the what are the time slots in the coming few days . and let also dominik know so that dominik can confirm when he would be available to watch and really . we need to do , we have done many tests . and still we are not with the stable set up . we are making the progress . we need to again make well 3 big tests and like crash tests i would call them . everyday until the demo is here . so we need to be really sure that we know how to quickly like pull it all switch everything off start it on again . we should deliberately kill it . so sangeet in 1 of your demo like test runs unplug your internet cable . you really be have to be nasty to the system . and you need to figure out how to how to fix it . so i 'll put it here preparation for yeah . so , ond\u0159ej asks for many and nasty tests . tearing of the internet cable and so on . so that we know how the system behaves and and how to fix it as quickly as possible . right ? so this is this is really important . gosh . ok so dominik . is there anything else ? ( d ) no . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . and we have still peter on the call . so petr . ( p ) hi . this week i 'm i will connect with dominik regarding the the continues slt . because last week he was on holiday . and and this week i have n't i did n't have time . to to get in touch with him . and and i 'm i 'm doing my inter speech submission and and also my thesis . ( o ) yeah . when is the deadline for inter speech ? if you could remind us . ( p ) i think it 's the 8. of may . but i i 'm going to check . ( o ) and is it ( ? ? ) on earth right ? ( p ) hopefully . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) papers . ( o ) and i have actually 1 more request on or question on dominik . in the meantime . dominik , next week there is again the kudo conference . so i 'll write it as a to do . consider taking part in the kudo based mock conference next week . and especially check the kudo files from the previous one . did i share the path with you , dominik or did i forget ? ( d ) no . ( o ) ok . so that 's my fault then . net data elitr . elitr mock interpreted conferences . yes . it 's in the directory 2020 04 yep yep . so this is this is the path . i hope it will paste it here . no again , it does n't paste . i need . yep . so here is the path . it is one jason file . and i move this jason file outside of the directory with the str- stream files . so that it was easier to find it . but i have n't change the paths . so this this jason file will actually contain path to files that are directly in the stream . that are in the subdirectory stream files . and it it will work as as links if if you like moved it back . but i do n't think it 's a good idea to move it back . so it 's not writeable that 's good . because we do n't want to lose the data . yes it 's all . it 's all read only . please try to make sense out of this . unfortunately i do n't think there is any like- there is a program of the mock conference . i 'll try to figure it out . but i did n't have the assignment to the cabins . because that was in another e-mail that professor \u010denkov\u00e1 sent only to like the interpreters themselves and not us . ( d ) ok . ( o ) yeah . so then program- so it says- there is- ok , great . so i will forward this e-mail to you . i 'm not sure that you you got it . so please upload it it there . and try to figure out what is what . so , yeah . so i 'm just forwarding the e-mail to you dominik . please put the files into the directory . there is 2 attachments to the to the e-mail that i just sent you . and please put them to directory and then ( ? ? ) make sense out of it . and please confirm to me and also professor \u010denkov\u00e1 that we can use this data set . before next week , so that we can- so that we have a good reason to ask her for one more recording . she said it was it spend her too much of her data and like took too long to upload . so we need to tell her that it 's worth the effort . ( d ) ok . and by which day ? ( o ) well , i do n't know . monday at the latest i would say . but it 's , yeah . if you can do it earlier would be better . ( ? ? ) on the 12 . on the 12 and so if you . and i think it could be useful for you to to just see the platform as well . on the 12 . so in the e-mail ask her for the credentials . she will send the credentials just the day before hand or that 's what she did last time . so she sent me the the links only on monday and on tuesday i took part . ( d ) ok . ( o ) yeah , great , thank you . and yes . so peter has confirm the date . and there is this empty line and that was for i wanted to somehow make a note about this this join set up that peter was mentioning . so can someone write down what exactly was that . that was something with peter and dominik . what was it ? ( p ) it 's a just a that you mentioned that dominik works on continues speech translation . ( o ) yeah , yeah . like the window based set up . ( p ) yes , yes . ( o ) removing window , the moving window translation . yeah . ( d ) but i have n't tune it . so far . ( p ) and it 's like a graphenes to graphenes or . ( d ) no , it 's text to text . and . ( o ) yeah , which is text to- that 's graphene to graphene . graphene means means normal words . ( d ) ok . ( p ) ok . ( d ) and it 's it 's window of sentences into window of sentences . and i and i stopped working on it and i have n't try which part is the is the- should be the final one . whether the the first window or the middle one or the last . so this this has to be tuned . try everything- ( p ) actually , actually i 'm more interested in results because because my acustic models are into phonemes . that means that i need to retrain my my own own model that translate from phonemes into graphemes . ( d ) yeah , but . ( p ) so i 'm i 'm just interested in what what what set up i or how the training goes and and such . ( d ) ok . i think i have i have only some negative results . i can share with you . ( o ) yeah , it was it was not much worse . but it was little worse than the baseline . but it was not much worse if i remember correctly . ( d ) yes . ( o ) and i do n't know whether you have written this anywhere , dominik . ( d ) no . ( o ) so there is so that 's a that 's a pitty kind of . it is in your jour- journal so to say . so there is the there is deliverables for elitr and one of those will definitely be on on spoken languages translation . and that is where the window based experiments should go . so i 'm checking june report ( ? ? ) yes , spoken language translation . that 's the one that that barry asked for . if you remember . dominik , you were on that e-mail , right ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so exactly i 'll put that here into the- so , these- so maybe let 's put it . results by dominik . the negative ones should go into this deliverable . ( d ) ok . ( o ) so please write it down and you can directly like make use of peter as a reviewer of of that . so that it is self contained . ( d ) yes , but but it 's faster if i just tell him . or write an e-mail . ( p ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so write it in form which can then be easy it to convert it to a small report about the experiment to the deliverable as well . ( d ) ok . ( o ) so that you write it directly in in usable form . that 's that 's it . so yes . ok , so thanks . we do not have anyone else on the call . so thanks to all of you have participated . i 've seen that some of you have really put some details into the surge table , that is good . so please think again if there is anything else that you you 've done . please populate the table . because the time when i i would need to like distribute the points and and officially decide how to convert point into into bonuses and how to pay them . that would be administratively complicated . especially now in in the current time . and like the administration slow . so i need to do it early enough so that it gets to you . so thank you . and will be in touch regarding the demo and also the interspeech submission or or submissions . we made it , only 4 minutes extra . so great . thanks . so talk to you next week . yeah ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) talk to dominik . ( o ) to dominik . so , yeah . so i 'm leaving the call but remember , in in 9 minutes or so it is over . ( p ) bye bye . ( o ) yeah , bye . ( s ) so dominik , like ok . so i see ( ? ? ) but the directory of ( ? ? ) has has documentation but like it is ( ? ? ) look in documentation i find it quite unclear on how to integrate ( ? ? ) day to day sessions . so can we make ( ? ? ) . ( d ) integrated with what ? ( s ) integrate with my a day to day my slts . ( d ) what what is it ? is it just one set up script ? one set up . ( s ) so how how do i use your mt wrapper with with the mts . ( d ) mt wrapper has an argument dash dash mt . and there you use the text text client . comment . ( s ) yes , so exactly . so so then can we find the exact like documentation about this . ( d ) ok . you can- ( s ) if it is not there then ( ? ? ) ( d ) it 's in issue number 2. no , in issue number 3. there . ( s ) the ( ? ? ) so can we make another have this document- documentation in the front page of your of your mt wrapper . ( d ) ok . ( s ) in in ( ? ? ) nothing extra . so and then i think it will be useful for about ( ? ? ) ( d ) ok . ( s ) and ondrej would would sharing this thing sessions test set in slots so ( ? ? ) ( d ) no , i i think the best way is that if you prepare the set up scripts for some for some event that then you commit them and i try to run them and i give you feedback . about them . ( s ) for some event like ( ? ? ) ( d ) sorry ? ( s ) what what event can you get it ? ( d ) i do n't know . some demo , demo event or anything like this . ( s ) like all of it recorded sessions kind of ? ( d ) no . for example the meeting with po is is an event . so i i think you are planning to use some set up srcipts . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( d ) are you ? ( s ) yeah . ( d ) so you should send me . you should commit them and send them to me and i give you feedback . what's- and i i can start them on my own and i immediately find if anything is wrong . and i get you know or or fix it . by myself . ( s ) but i think of the ( ? ? ) to share all text sets and source dominik . ( d ) yes . and just like just to let me know when is some some testing event and i will be available on on slack . and if you need help then you can . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . ( d ) you can write me . ( s ) yep . ( d ) but i hope that everything will be ok and i wo n't be necessary . ( s ) yeah ( ? ? ) and . so i will ( ? ? ) from like next ( ? ? ) days . ( ? ? ) ok , i think the call will be over so so i think that 's all . ( d ) ok . ( s ) ok , bye . ( d ) so see you . have a nice day . ( s ) see you .", "tgt": "uni hack subtitling . elitr test set . matu\u0161 's worker . works slow - why ? correction has been made . kaldi servers set up . creating the demo - doing tests . kudo conference . dominik 's window based model . distribution of bonuses ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello , i 'm going to work . ( s ) yeah . i can hear you . ( o ) yeah , you 're , you 're alone . ( s ) i can also view the lecture on elitr pervoice . ( o ) so you you were watching lecture , right ? ( s ) okay . it has - it was like ( ? ? ) ( o ) i do n't - so , sorry i do n't understand you well , the lecture - . ( s ) the lecture has already ( ? ? ) . it was live . ( o ) it was live - ( s ) yeah . ( o ) it was live streaming . now it 's ( ? ? ) . so , well , i think that we can discuss separately who what has done what , who has done what . and you have enter more data . vojt\u011bch probably would not want to connect anyway , because says the of his like hearing issues . there is ebrahim and atul is not writing . okay . yeah . and i do n't see sunit . so , i 'll leave it connected while i 'll clean up here in the in the lecture room . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) i know what you have been working on . so that 's that 's good . the russians working caraoke star , yes . and transcript is processing . audible cell ties data preparation first priority dominik to test the script first . what script ? ( s ) so he basicly proposed that the asr and the segmenter they should run separately . ( o ) so the asr - so i 'll disconnect this - now i 'll hear you better . ( d ) hello . ( o ) yes , yes . ( s ) hi hi dominik . ( o ) ou dominik is there so , right . yeah , so , i did n't understand this - dominik to test the script first , what script ? ( s ) so dominik proposed that he would test the asr and the segmenter independently , separately . ( d ) no , no , just run it . and i would to review review the scripts , not to test them . ( s ) yeah , exactly , sorry . yeah , it should happen review ( ? ? ) . ( o ) but for the audible cell ties submition we do want to run the ( byplan ) and for the locks for both , before the segmentor and after the segmenter . and then submit the locks after the segmenter obviously . ( d ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) this this audible cell ties is preparation nothing that i send you an email yesterday morning i think . ( s ) yeah exactly . ( o ) okay . ( s ) and then , and then i 'm planning - yeah , i 'm also planning to open lot directed today itself . so it 's a little small task and ( ? ? ) them whether this short time so a we get over the ( ? ? ) . i 'm still wonder woman to do this calculation of for ( ? ? ) czech transcript . with or without transcript . with or without true ( cancer ) i gave up ( ? ? ) i 'm still ( ? ? ) for this sound this week . ( o ) yeah , but this , as you put it here a lower in the ( ? ? ) lower priority . the more the most important thing is the - and all of the all of the forced alignment process . it is not just ( ? ? ) . it 's also - ( s ) it 's ( ami ) corpus . ( o ) no these are the easy , the ( ami ) is easy . so there - cause the 4 files we do not need any more , but the the the most important part are antrecorp . and the longers chunks of supreme ordered offices , so the austrian , belgian and all these speeches . so these are the most antrecorp . and , so , i 'll just say and so long of chunks it 's not important and so consecutive plus w w w what is that ( bgp ) test . so these are the more . we should not be looking at this yourself . so you should only run it . and not look at , not look at the - you do n't know the sources like , as as a participant in the audible slt task , you know what the sound is , but you must not look a the true transcripts . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) okay . so so you do not . do you have the input files for this , or not yet ? ( s ) input files , i think not yet . ( o ) yeah , exactly , sangeet needs to get all the input files for ( ? ? ) , daniel has prepared those , splitting , so consecutive into smaller chunks and ebrahim knows where they are too . so i do n't know wheter we have anyone of them . no . so that 's that 's something that - please e-mail - please sangeet please ask ebrahim and daniel . ( s ) okay . ( o ) that they provide you with the with the forced alignment . they both know what the problems are and you were on the copy on the e-mails today . ( ? ? ) did not make sense to you , so only now it will it will make sense . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . and the one question , these input files will be in vdd in vdd format , right ? ( o ) ( ? ? ) these files will be , it 's ost . so one sentence per line . and some of them the so wg vat are too long . it 's 20 minutes in the row and so consecutive is already broken in smaller chunks manually by daniel . ( s ) ehmm , although - ( o ) so please these are critical , because these are most important path for the evaluation actually . the ( ? ? ) academy is like complementary evaluated . and antrecorp is short . so you know where antrecorp is , right ? or not ? ( s ) i can see the chaunce a bit mentioned . ( o ) yeah , sl- thats it so that slt . so sangeet can you also have a look at the excel sheet ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so yeah , so this is - when releasing the set sorry here - go to sheet number 3 forced alignment inputs and go to sell see 5. just so that i know that you are you in . ( s ) system to to the number varied . it s a sheet number 3 okay ? ( o ) yeah , forced alignment inputs . ( s ) okay . ( o ) so are you here ? ( s ) yeah , i 'm here . ( o ) yeah , so forced alignment inputs and go to see 5 . ( s ) see 5 - already i can see . ( o ) yeah . perfect . so i just wanted to mention that daniel has already - so that there is some inconsistency of names now , and they are is ( caldeira , myborough and jeffers and also geldof , ? ? ) and so on . these are person names . and i had to replace them in the released files with the with just language or nation names . so the ( maping ) is on the on the previous slide , in the column c , on the previous sheet in column c it says that geldof is belgian , and - ( s ) yeah cause i only process these script , these transcripts . ( o ) yeah , well well you need , you are sitting into chairs now , as a participant of audible slt . you should simply - ( s ) not look at these transcripts . ( o ) not look at these transcripts . and process the file switch are already called belgian , spanish or mainly polish . and as the as the person who is doing the forced alignments who have this called caldeira . and actually the sound is now separate . ( s ) so it 's the - . so we do n't have daniel here on the call . and we also do n't have ebrahim ( s ) i can fast text too ? ( o ) i 'll be leaving very shortly myself . but , it 's important told to them that we most up to date ost versions are in the in some repositor , which you do not have acces to . and so i 'll put the paths so clean the code , thats it . yeah , so this is up to date , and then we have test set , and also consecutive . ( s ) i hope you not to speaking can you please mute your microphone ? ( o ) so austrian , who is austrian , which person is austrian , if consequtive ( myborough ) so ( myborough ) is austrian . so here - here is the ost file . austrian ost , then we have dutch . dutch is who , dutch is jeffers . so this is the full files , and we have - right , text is timestamps . no , this is like sentence segmented text , too often too long , too long for forced alignment . and this is further split better for forced alignment and that 's the location of that . so this is - yeah , and the high priority is - so this one goes here . and the true thing is - so i 'm here putting the path for the files that are in the most recent version and they are these are absolute path . and the it 's probably i 'll have to i think i 'll have to do it myself so that is make sense to you . unless , i know what you do now . so that is for you . and this should be done by daniel and ebrahim , but they are not doing that . and also they should list will be antrecorp is -so , yeah , okay i 'll simply - and you should start antrecorp , yes , you should start with antrecorp because you already working on ( ? ? ) academy , right ? ( s ) ehm , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so . so please put the path of the files that you are processing here . okay . so i 'll make a remark here . and then you resolve that . sangeet please put the paths here . ( s ) so one question . so at the moment some of the files i would process transcripts and in my ( ? ? ) . so do i need to create the support director in in a not ( ? ? ) and we have about ( ? ? ) . ( o ) well , it is not to important where you process the files . so its - only that after we are happy with the forced alignment , and after we have converted since to to the subtitles for the caraoke for preview and the ost format that sltf evaluates , than we need to have it versioned . ( s ) okay . alright . i ( ? ? ) that . ( o ) for the processing it 's not not important . the antrecorp - ( s ) i 'm also aware of the ( ? ? ) and the antrecorp . ( o ) yeah , exactly . so i 'm copying now the antrecorp with the texts , which is , which is okay . or so this is - there it 's - it 's totaly stupid thing , it 's multiline , slash ost - so here is the - ( s ) if you are to change the line inside the cell you can use ( ? ? ) enter . ( o ) yeah , i 'll check that out later . so this is antrecorp . and then we have also antrecorp depth . yeah , so . these files of this . oh , i see , it 's yeah , antrecorp files with the test are clean all audible cell ties . then you need 16 kilohertz wavs for the forced alignment or different once ? ( s ) 16 , 16 k. ( o ) yeah , so 16 k for antrecorp . so here is now the antrecorp depth and test . the antrecorp test directories . so this is - and depth set is - depth set - since set is - yeah , so it is just 2 files . so try processing antrecorp . 2 wavs are here and the ost files are here , right ? so this is i 'll highlight these in yellow . so this is something that you should drive first . there are good lenghts . the lenghts it is all ready . and then we will have one more one the right outputs output paths . so this is a i 'll now orange the cells that you should try to populate . so this is the starting point for today . this is the hardest part . and and then laid i 'll also prepared bars or i 'll have finally daniel and ebrahim to the path for these files . but it would be essentially the various similar to the antrecorp . so try processing antrecorp . ( s ) path , ( ? ? ) , ondrej . ( o ) okay , so . yeah . do we have atul ? do we have ebrahim ? yes , ebrahim , so since when are you are you here ? ebrahim joined the just - yeah , so , i 'll have to leave already but it 's important please ask ebrahim to - ebrahim can you hear us ? not does seem so . so it would works for ebrahim - ( s ) i text him . ( o ) yeah , yeah , never mind . i like do it . we have atul on the call , we have dominik . so i 'll ( ? ? ) forced alignment selected ( ? ? ) . so - ( s ) sorry . ( o ) so i think that i would like to hear from atul who is still on the call whether you have started pushing anything into the new repository for elitr test set . atul , have you done anything on that yet or not ? hmm hmm . yeah , i do n't know ( ? ? ) . yeah , okay , so well well - i have to leave . sangeet , your real one with whom it work so far . so i do not hear anyone anymore at all . ( d ) ( o ) it 's a deadline for emt is tomorrow , right ? ( e ) yes , it 's ok , no , it 's ok . ( o ) okay , so i really have to leave now . so ebrahim please synchronize with sangeet on the on the audible slt test set and depth set forced alignment files . look at the forced alignment ali inputs in the slt data set sheet . so can you open that sheet well . sangeet has that sheet opened . ( e ) well just keep me in a moment please . okay , i open , yes . ( o ) yes , so on the third sheet forced alignment inputs . i 've just done a the yellow lines , which is a good input for sangeet . so it is correct path now . it 's the it 's the version the one , that 's important . the this is the version ost files . and he is already for the separation , and he should run the alignments , and produce ost files out of us to ostp plus ass files . so the ostp files are what the sltf should be . and the ass files are the subtitles for preview . ( e ) yes , just a question ondrej about this antrecorp . have you chunk the wav files there are a small . ( o ) they are a small , they are already small , yeah ? ( e ) okay . ( o ) and , i would like what i would like you to do ebrahim is to review the part that i have just highlighted . and so from b3 to d16 , there we need to list the black ( ? ? ) versions . so this one the c3 for example , this is already good . so i 'll remind this with with green . and this one is unclear . this is also good but the rest is unclear . the wav files should be also from the 16 kilohertz wav files . and they should use the new names , not myborough but austrian and not dutch but not jeffers but dutch , right ? ( e ) ehm . ( o ) this is what i renamed . so and similar thing has needs to be done for this . and most importantly , the the splits , the splits will be necessary for for this to work . so ebrahim your priorities now are the slt evaluation . when you get some outputs from sangeet and clean up of the stable in preparing the files that sangeet will digest . ( e ) ehm , yeah so , you mean the files for - ( o ) ( ? ? ) ( e ) yes , all of this 7 lines , yes ? ( o ) it 's not 7 , it 's 3 till 16 . ( e ) 3 to 16 ? okay . so you want somenthing sangeet can run force alignment . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( e ) okay . ( o ) the czech is of lower priority , english is important . and the green ones ilustrate the correct path and - ( e ) okay so about ( ? ? ) academy i ( ? ? ) we have it now ? so we can make it green also , because sangeet has . ( o ) we list the a list the a the path there . ( e ) okay , 6 okay , yes . ( o ) i 'm highlighting with green . this is the ideal example . this is the portuguese is the perfect thing . this is the full path to the files . the only problem is that this red , i 'll make it red now . the the chunked version that does not does has has an ugly name . the path is not the full path . and and there is a risk , which i have talked to talk about to daniel , there is a risk that the all portuguese ost the concatenative file does not exactly merge the split file , because there there were some small errors , i cut most of about this . so please like , like based on the line 3 prepare all the lines , all the english lines all until 16 . ( e ) okay . just i if it is possible i can do everything tomorrow , okay ? ( o ) okay , if i have not done that myself then do it tomorrow , okay , yep . ( e ) okay , i will do everything because tomorrow i have a lot of times , and they can put for these . and so i 'm writing , and everything is fine . and so you want to create a case similar to ( ? ? ) academy test set we have now ( ? ? ) and for here we should you mean - ( o ) the path the path the path names . ( e ) ah , yes . it 's okay . ( o ) okay , yeah , so , thanks , so , please all of you who are here go over the yours your comments and discuss anything . i need to run already . so thanks for your time sorry that it 's less organised . i suggest that we all rehandle the doodle poll . so please update your doodle poll and i figure out better time for myself because as i 'm disorganised at this point now , because of the extra workload with the remote lecturing . it 's it 's difficult to run these meetings . so from next , we probably choose a different time . so please everybody please updated the doodle poll . ( e ) hmm thank you . and unready have any usable to mohamed ? ( o ) no , no . ( e ) okay , i 'll contact you . ( o ) okay , thanks . ( e ) thank you very much . ( d ) yeah , so , what 's new sangeet ? ( s ) so so yesterday i was working on this caraoke as timeview and spent on time introdate comes on - . so it is like partial than complete but not yet perfect because i was too - the main thing would ( ? ? ) refix in this caraoke ( ? ? ) is that . we would has to be given it 's all timestamps and did n't know what ( ? ? ) that i give the one segment and i had - now i give the timestamp of one complete segment . i did n't know view that what level timestamps and what level timestamps . ( d ) yes . ( s ) so i 'm working on that . because the forced aligner is actualy doing the what level timestamping . and to test that the caraoke you should also have word level timestamping . and how it shows the word has already been spoken . so if you see the video and if you have , okay , i think i did not ( ? ? ) . okay , i was forwarded the e-mail of how i process those . and - ( d ) and did you use ctm ? ( s ) no , no . i did not use ctm . i created aas file using a software ( isab ) . ( d ) aha . does the what level of alignments ? ( s ) so yeah , so it automaticly does the word level alignments itselfs . so which are ( drop ) i 'll to realize . yeah , that is that is our main focus and i completely miss that . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , it now works so i m ( ? ? ) if you - yeah he made fields ( ? ? ) i can lock time transcript if you - because that 's ( ? ? ) like a clickable ( ? ? ) make it automatic for all the scripts . so now because i have okay aas file subtitle forward i can make a python script and i can ( ? ? ) subtitle for all the - ( d ) okay . ( s ) all the corpus that we have . ( d ) and with the audible slt , did you do anything , ready ? ( s ) no , i i not think ( ? ? ) today is the today i 'm coming this ( ? ? ) . ( d ) okay . i 'm finishing the paper about subtitler . for ( ? ? ) . the deadline is 25th . so it 's still plenty of time . and so it 's seem that i do n't have to do anything with audible slt , do i ? right now . so i can write the paper . and i found i found that the one of the score ( ? ? ) parted ( ? ? ) was different than i thought so it 's not important for for the others . still different name . so what next ? atul , are you here ? ( a ) yeah , yes , yes . ( d ) do you want to share your news ? ( a ) nothing i worked on i test the data for preparing wslt . i do n't know . ( you for euros ) because ondrej told me to collect test to prepare test the data . so right now i 'm working on 3 languages polish and polish , german , russian . because polish is not in the level in the last wmt cds . so now it helps to test wslt and that languages . so , right , 3000 sentences were collected for 3 languages . and almost cleaning part is done . and after that i will collect from other 43 languages . so this is the update . and i have already update ( ? ? ) google locks . ( d ) yes , okay . ( a ) so nothing new . this week work was very slow because of some other reason , so - i think i can leave . ( d ) yes , okay . thank you . ( a ) bye , bye . ( e ) see you . ( s ) see you , bye . ( a ) bye . ( s ) and ebrahim we do n't need to discuss anything now , right ? ( e ) i think sangeet , yes , everything is fine . just i 'm checking the sheet list . and , okay , so exactly what , so you need jason file , yes ? ( s ) jason file - so ondrej ( forrest ) ask me to process this antrecorp test which is an 17 and 18 and 19 . ( e ) yes . so , aha . okay , so in this case you will create yourself the jason file , yes ? ( s ) yeah , i think , because i have the python script . ( e ) aha , if you have python , okay - so if you have python script vojt\u011bch saw for the rest . i will clean everything tomorrow . i will give you the pass for all files , okay ? ( s ) yeah , so that 's the , moment , so these i meant the subtitles for this ( ? ? ) test , they are in vdd format or ( ? ? ) do that . ( e ) there , in vdd format there - you are speaking about ( ? ? ) academy ? ( s ) yeah , antrecorp . ( e ) antrecorp i have n't seen it . but you can check if you need a script you can tell me about it after okay in two hours . tell me what exactly the files and what you need and maybe i can create this script for it . ( s ) alright , alright . ( e ) okay . okay , so see you later . ( s ) okay , yeah yeah , see you , bye .", "tgt": "ondrej , sangeet , dominik: they clarify dominik 's task that he would run asr and segmenter separately and review the scripts . ondrej , sangeet: sangeet should try processing antrecorp . ondrej prepare information about input files for sangeet . daniel and ebrahim will help sangeet with chunks and forced alignment . ondrej pointed out that there is some inconsistency of names now . ebrahim: slt evaluation is now priority . create path names , now are not full ( red highlighted ) . ondrej: for next meeting choose different time , ask others for updated the doodle poll . sangeet: work on timestamps of one complete segment . dominik: finishing paper about subtitler . atul: worked on test the data for preparing wslt ."}
{"src": "( j ) hi sangeet ( s ) hi- ( j ) yeah , i 'm good how how about you ? still in the dormitory ? ( j ) yeah , i 'm not sure if it 's on my side or or yours , but i have barely hard time like hearing you . ( m ) hello . ( j ) hi . ( m ) hello , i can hear you . ( j ) ok . i had some problems with hearing san- sangeet , but maybe it 's on my side . ( m ) can you say something , sangeet ? ( d ) hello . ( j ) hello . ( m ) yeah , i also have some problems hearing him . ( o ) does this work ? can you hear me ? ( j ) yes , i can . ( o ) yeah , there was , there was a problem with the headphones . hi , great . sorry for being late . i see that all of you are here , that 's that 's amazing . so i 've sent the , no not the list of things that i 've done but the list of most important things in the e-mail . so the they really critical one is the edible slt . so i would like to start with dominik . what is the status of the submission , because i do not see mohammad or yeah . or or anyone else . or ebrahim here . so dominik . yeah . ( d ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yep . ( d ) our is the same as last week . two workers and i 'm reimplementing mt wrapper right now . i 'm finishing the last options . and then i 'm going to move for- forward . ( o ) yeah , ok . and , so jon\u00e1\u0161 is the the person who could who could have ( ? ? ) and pe- and peter as well . ( j ) yeah , so i 've tried actually three different models and the , yeah the test set seems to be really challenging , so i try to google asr and it 's has like a 56 percent work error rate . and then , right now i 'm working on adaptation of the mozilla common voice asr . so for that i do n't have the results yet . but then i have access to ( ? ? ) system that i 've been partly involved in development and its has like 32 percent work error rate , so it 's like the best so far . maybe dominik , is is there some like what is like the baseline of the kit asr ? ( d ) i do n't know . i have n't evaluated work error rate on asr . only the ( ? ? ) of mt . ( o ) this is something that we , it 's o- , can you can you also give dominik , can you give the outputs of karlsruhe asr to jon\u00e1\u0161 , so that jon\u00e1\u0161 would evaluate it as well ? in a comparable way ? ( d ) yes . sure . ( j ) yeah , that that will be , that will be good because , yeah . to to have some comparison with the kit asr . yeah , so i , yeah i do n't have much hope to get below like 25 percents of work error rate . but- ( o ) that would be probably very good . ( j ) yeah , like maybe around 30 . i i 'm still trying some adaptation so like , yeah . i should have them in a , like tomorrow or . ( o ) yeah . can can you give the outputs of your asr systems the 60 percent and the 30 percent to dominik already ? so that we can proceed with this and see that in principle we can get to the to the outputs with this asr ? ( j ) yeah . sure , so after the call i will like send the path on a cluster to these texts . ( d ) yeah , i forgot to ask jon\u00e1\u0161 . can you process google asr or microsoft asr ? and . and optain . ( j ) yeah , i have processed google asr . ( d ) yeah , and could you do microsoft ? ( j ) ok , i can , i can have a look into that . i have not done it but yeah- ( o ) i think so so someone must have done it some- i think for ehm that someone , and i thought it was you jon\u00e1\u0161 , did it for the last antrecorp . ( j ) i i 've done it for go- google , not microsoft . ( o ) and not for microsoft ? are you sure ? ok , well . so i think we had microsoft there as well . ( d ) maybe not . ( j ) i i do n't think so . i think just the edinburgh asr , kit and google . ( o ) yeah , ok . so we could again , actually we could again ask the the edinburgh people , ond\u0159ej kleich . because they are from edinburgh , they are not on the project but they could also run their asr systems if it 's easy for them . so jon\u00e1\u0161 , did you , were you in touch with them directly or not ? ( j ) you mean for this challenge or for the- ( o ) for the antrecorp . those , those year ago or more . ( j ) i think you wrote an e-mail to ond\u0159ej kleich ask . but , yeah , i can maybe do it , if you want to . ( o ) yeah , yeah please try , because the more systems we have , the better , the better we know like what are the important and useful aspects of those systems . ( j ) yeah , i think i can provide like 3 word error rate right now for three different systems . ( o ) yeah , that 's great . ( j ) yep . ( o ) thank you . ( d ) in worst case i can use translate dot it . to get the asr but it 's not , it 's not online . i ca n't get it online , but offline it works . it seems that the session stops after 5 minutes , but at least something will be there . ( o ) hmm-hmm . yeah , thank you . and the last involved person is peter . ( p ) hi . ( o ) yeah . so what was the , what was the horrible thing that you spotted . this , i do- ( p ) yeah , um i 've i 've found out that the , that the check point i 've been training of was actually trained on several other data sets . like- ( o ) yeah , that 's not a problem . that 's ok . yes , that 's ok . ( p ) it 's ok ? ( o ) yes . the only thing is that we have to know what was in the training data . and if we do more , then we will simply label our submission as unconstrained . so that 's , do n't worry at all , it 's ok to use unconstrained systems . all these commercial ones , like google and so on , these will be unconstrained as well . ( p ) oh , ok , so then there is nothing horrible , i think . i actually don't- sorry ? go ahead . ( j ) sorry i just wanted to ask if probably we should not use the antrecorp test sets , right ? ( o ) yes , exactly . yeah . ( j ) for training . ( o ) but there was not used . ( j ) ok , ok , yeah , thanks . ( o ) ok , so peter , when do you expect to have the outputs from your system , just the asr into graphimes and asr into fonimes ready ? ( p ) by today evening i guess . ( o ) yeah . tonight , i would call it raw asr outputs should be ready . and the thing is that this will not be segmented . so for the graphime level , someone needs to run the segmentor and then the translation . so dominik is that part of your pipeline , can you easily run the segmentor . ( d ) which segmentor ? ( o ) any . so so , it , so is it lower case or is it actually capitalized , peter ? ( p ) i will try both . ( o ) ok , yeah . ( p ) so . ( d ) it 's better if you process , process it with segmentor , peter . because it will be easier for me . but i can do it , if you fail on it . and we need to finish the review of the segmentor with sangeet , anyway . ( o ) yeah . so as , sangeet was on on the call as well , right ? yes . so simply you 3 synchronize whoever will process the the files . and just be very careful because like now , this applies to jon\u00e1\u0161 as well . start also like writing the the paper and in the paper , in the comments of the paper , so that it 's not visible then in the pdf . but make sure to include full path so that we know , if we have a system with this beautiful name in the paper , it is actually this output from this directory created by this person and so on . when people are like moving the the file from one another then it 's very easy to mess things up and forget which system was used for what . so use the paper right away as the like synchronization point . so that you know which asr and which mt together form the best output . so the versioning , intel versioning is a critical thing now . ( d ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so i 'll simply write that . peter , dominik and sangeet should synchronize on segmenting peter 's outputs . so peter is also like struggling to to run his experiments for his the- , his thesis . so i i asked him primarily to run the asr and not to spend too much time with the segmentor . and i hope the running of the segmentor can be easily done by sangeet or dominik , so that like . there is no way to to polish the segmentor to retrain it or least , at least . i would try to have a baseline run now and only if we have extra time then then like let 's work on improving things . but let 's let 's aim just for the combination of the things at the moment . ( s ) so i think i already trained an english segmentor earlier , during the month of january and probably that could be - ( o ) ok , yeah . ( s ) ok . ( o ) ok , so like from my point of view , this looks so far very promising . because we have the baseline it 's by dominik , last week , it 's very bad but it 's it is some baseline . we have now 2 more or 3 more systems by jon\u00e1\u0161 and maybe a fourth one coming soon as well . with peter it 's also not lost at all . there is a big chance that we 'll have some outputs . and putting it together by the end of the week and including the machine translation system should be doable . so , i think that it 's , obviously , this is a hard task , do n't expect great scores . but as like as an experiment , as a submission to a hard task i think we 're doing very good . so the , i just wanted to finish the fonime . s- , for output will be even harder to segment . so if this is too hard give it up . but . yeah . but please try . so i 've talked with peter for little while on this and we we have 2 options but , yeah . let 's let 's not go in to the details at the moment , ok ? so that was the most important part for me now and we have , how many people do we have . 2 , 4 , 6 , 9 , and we have mohammad as well . but i do n't think that the connection would be good . mohammad , can you hear us ? no , it does n't really work . so i wanted to ask what is the status of the fourth alignment , like word level golden data for edible slt , but i 'll leave that to to some later discussion . yeah . i i see that sangeet also like everybody is is struggling to get to to the hairdresser . you 've taken the the simple road . it 's like , we , everybody is gets like a monk exercise . ( s ) story brand , so actually i started training using that trimmer and ( ? ? ) was completely ( ? ? ) . so i had to shave with sh- razor blade . ( o ) razor , oh i saw that you , that you waited for for day with ( ? ? ) ( m ) yeah , that did n't happen to me but i did n't kind of set the , set the thing correctly so so that i had to set it to completely the lower , lowest option , so it was like 1 centimeter or something . ( o ) yeah , yeah . well do n't do n't worry , the quarantine will will last much longer than your hair will need to grow to some normal lenght anyway . it 's crazy . ok , so now let 's let 's very quickly go over all all the contributions to document that we have made so far . so i 've found , well i i 've realized that there is intel corp . a big corpus which is manually created and it should become the basis of the elitr test set for most languages but some languages are still missing . it 's good to like keep returning to something which should have been ready . so the set of languages that we should cover , well actually one was forgotten . so one was forgot and not 2 , i later found out that bulgarian was not forgotten but catalan was forgotten on the list . and ( ? ? ) workshop to the elitr test set , this is something that , yeah , i 'm just trying to make sure that we do not loose our data anywhere behind . yeah , so that 's that 's it . i 'm again mainly organizing and pushing people to to do what they promised to do or what i would like them to do . yeah , so vojt\u011bch , are on the call or not ? i 'm not sure . maybe vojt\u011bch- no , vojt\u011bch is not here . that 's the file collector . oh , ok , yeah , i 'll fix that . we 'll work on stream lining , the file conversion and ( ? ? ) pipeline , yes . so the domain adaptation is is like the talk level domain adaptation is soon to be more less automated , thanks to vojt\u011bch and hopefully we will see the pipeline ready in in a fe- week from now perhaps . yeah , then dominik , so , you have already mentioned that you are working on the mt wrapper and the online text flow . i know that some student of mine was struggling with the compilation or installation of online text flow and i 've told him that that you have suceeded and you have maybe fix it in the repository as well . so that 's good thing . and yes , this is , i 've seen the issue , it 's good to to debug thing so , everything we do just being active and using the tools that we are developing . we are doing the critical test they need to to go through and otherwise they would not be reliably enough for for the final user . ok . do you want to add anything dominik ? ( d ) no , but but also our workers have the same issue . they- ( o ) ok . ( d ) by bat- batch i suppose . ( o ) yeah . so this is something that also sangeet has to make sure with you that 's , they are like resilient to to big batches . ( d ) but , but usually it does n't happen in real sessions , only in only in- ( o ) offline set up or . ( d ) yes , or if you send 20 sentences at once . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) some high number as , i think it has never happened in field . ( o ) yeah . i think it can happen if for example for due to network lag too much content could get accumulated . ( d ) yes . ( o ) could that happen ? yeah . and then implement slt if output format option for mt wrapper . yes . yeah , so that 's , this is something which is like related to what sangeet has for his runs . ehm . ( d ) yes , but i 'm going to change the the protocol of output and see . so the previous solution wo n't be , ca n't be used anymore . ( o ) yeah , ok . so that 's just keep sangeet informed so that we know how to- ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , thank you . and then reimplement the even the automatic evaluation scores , right ? so that 's primarily the lag and- ( d ) and flicker . ( o ) flicker , yeah . ok . and revalidate means like measure again . ( d ) yes . ( o ) the scores . yes . and also push everybody to contribute to the paper . sorry . ( d ) ok . i will work need to start first , write a graph . ( o ) yeah , wh- i think we have created the the github , sorry the overleaf already , right ? ( d ) yes . but it 's empty . ( o ) yeah . so as i said this this should be the synchronization point for everybody . to put full paths to the outputs and so on . ( d ) ok . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . yeah , we 've discussed all the previous points already . so now sangeet , preparation of locks for dry run , including the pre-run and dry run too , yes . so it 's it 's good that you have found out where where they are and maybe some of the were already processed by humans as well , right ? ( s ) i 'm not sure . yeah , yeah , rudo did that , ruda did that . his part but not everyone ( ? ? ) transcripts . ( o ) yeah . so this is something that , yeah , who is the most re- reliable person- i think , so please synchronize with daniel suchy . because he knows what he has given to the annotators . and the agreement at one of these dry run sessions was that some people will do it for themselves but some people , such as me , i said that i would like the annotators to do it . and that 's that 's the plan . we , like we have the funding , it 's ok to do it with the help of annotators . what just we must avoid is doing the same thing twice . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so please synchronize so , sangeet should sync with daniel such\u00fd to make sure that all is done exactly once . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah , ok . simple script for janu\u0161 in cruise control . so that means the deployment or running the workers on our set up , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ok , thank you . and working on czech segmentor . base on pause durations , ok , that 's good . that would be usefull . and i would just like to hear from you that you are still kind of free so that i can ask the student to contact you with the help for the ( ? ? ) . because this , there used to be 2 students , but one of them is is now back in home country , because of covid and and he was not enrolled in the seminar , he wanted to do it just extra , so he 's now failing to that , so this other student is is there alone . and it 'll be good if if he could contact you . ( s ) yeah , ok , yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah , thank you . and the polishing of set up there is , yes that 's , yeah , that that can be done at any point the sooner the better for us , but yeah . mmm . then mohammad tested data in desk set and test set , put the results in the google sheet . so , yes , this is , this is the completion of edible slt . and and i 'll need to check separately like how far is that . and then atul , do we have atul on the call ? ( a ) yes , yes , i 'm on . ( o ) yeah , ok . so can you very quickly say what what you have work on ? ( a ) yesterday i mention you i have , i clean the tested data on for 21 eu languages ( ? ? ) european website . and it is also converted in psv format , but in the some s- sales , there are ( ? ? ) blank values so , and and some inverted comas . so i will remove e- maybe a- maybe tonight . so i after that i will upload on the github but before uploading i ( ? ? ) . should i remove or ( ? ? ) directly ? i create one curie ( o ) the polish ? ( a ) yes . not not , polish , actually i have created separate directory in the git- github . and test minus e and minus b ( ? ? ) and in that directory i have uploaded all the test , oh one test that 's it . so , because a in the last week we discuss we will upload only , we will up- , we will create port of european directory and in that directory we share all the multilingual type data . so , but i 'm confused before uploading i will remo- i should remove the direc- git- for that ? ( o ) so , please create there one new subdirectory in the documents , that would , like with the document there will be the european court of auditors . and the other files which are already there , and that belong to this collection from the european court of auditors , should not be like , there should not be a second copy of those files . i do n't think that anyone has worked on them . but please check . so that 's why we have the repository . because you would see who has done any edits to those files and that 's that 's it . ( a ) ok . so ok i will do that . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( a ) yeah , and next is , ok , i have also downloaded the corona corpus as you shared with me the link . and it is already available in the mine local directory . ( o ) ok , how big is that and how many languages does it cover ? ( a ) 5 languages we have . ( o ) oh just 5 ok . ( a ) and in 1 languages i change , ok just give me second . ok , i will check ( ? ? ) . each directory has 95 point , ok . so i think 200 , 2000 keys sentences something . so in in english to spanish directory . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) i will put is accurate a statistics in this fol- file . ( o ) yeah , so , if it 's just 5 languages it 's not too important . so so this is actually more important , yeah , sorry i- just second . so , let 's let 's put this mainly to our training data and not to the elitr test set . that 's what i wanted to say . but we do n't have the organization of the test , of the training data yet . so this is something that you should create on the disc , not version , because this will be bigger files . ( a ) yeah , yeah . actually i have already mention in the sl data sets my database structure were easy in ( ? ? ) the language ( ? ? ) . so i ( ? ? ) the statistics . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . ( a ) and , where is the my , ok , this is the and my to do list is ( ? ? ) mono data for , mono data and prepare test set for rest of the languages except eu language . ( o ) yeah , ok . so . ( m ) maybe i would , i just i just checked the corona corpus on the internet and i just have , i just have one like idea . that i have been checking the the websites of the swiss government and i actually noticed that everything that they publish is in all the languages . so maybe is could also be used as a eh , i do n't know , there is really lo- lot of data in in like german , french and italian , so maybe that could be interesting for for some kind of corpus . ( a ) ok , ok i have it check . can you send me link , if you have , website name . ( m ) yeah , i will , i will send you the link and maybe you can , you can make use of that . ( a ) ok . ( o ) sorry , i was absent for for second . and remember , we will be cut sharp at quarter to 5 , so . ( a ) so i think i have done my part . maybe . if you have any question . so after ( ? ? ) to , to what is the name , karolina ? ( o ) yeah , yeah . serbian , croatian , bosnian and montenegri , yes . and als- so , this will be when you have the tsv files for her to review . ( a ) yes , yes . ( o ) and also i would like you to for the twenty one languages , for the curio files , not to finish , not to stop when you have the tsv files in the github repository , but actually to go forward and find the annotators who will process this . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so it 's important that we move to this like the , this this the preporitory like the preprocessing stage and from the preprocessing stage we still need to do the step to the for the validation . and it is , this is also for you to to like distribute the work to the people . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so talk to tea , she will probably know , so , atul should contact tea to double check who has an agreement finish and is like waiting for work . ( a ) tea has already ( ? ? ) with , i got an e-mail on- ( o ) yeah , yeah . exactly . so . so that 's 4 days ago so that 's up to date . ( a ) yeah . ( o ) so , so then atul should start contacting people then . ( a ) ok . ( o ) each of the validators . so this is exactly what i said that you need stream line including the communication with the people . because it 's now 21 languages , if you do like 21 times 2 or 3 , that would be 60 e-mails easily to get the job started , that 's too many . so you need to make it simple , so that you do n't have to send 60 individual e-mails . ( a ) ok . ( o ) you really need to , you need , you really need to make this efficient . ( a ) sure , i will try to figure out how to easily do , because i have to some workshop proceeding editing , ( ? ? ) , some workshop proceeding ( ? ? ) . ( o ) it has to really has to be like low , like low amount of work . nothing individual . so . ( a ) ok . ( o ) ok . ( a ) i think that- ( o ) yeah , thanks . remember to keep me in the in the carbon company if i see any options for other optimization of the process and i would let you know . ( a ) sure . ( o ) thank you . and then we have last one matu\u0161 . so you 're still struggling with the multilingual system , right ? ( m ) yes , so i 'm , i 'm just trying to integrate into the mediator , because like i have some , i had to make s- make some adjustment to to to simply processing so i will need to just edit the scripts a bit . and then i have started trying to improve the performance . and i 'm trying using different type perimeters , so i will see how that goes . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so there is one thing that i wanted to mention and that is that our project officer has ask for demo . and this demo should be as multilingual as possible . and i think that right now you have the the largest model . actually larger model than edinburgh has . so what , by when would you would you expect that this model would be reliably operating . ( m ) emmm , i 'm not sure i. i hope that it should be this week . i 'm i 'm just not sure how it will operate on the kpu . but it should be alright . ( o ) ok , so you 're so far using only the tpus , right ? ( m ) yes . i 'm i 'm using it on the tpu , but i still have the tpu available . so perhaps i can just , you know run- ( o ) connect directly from tpus . ( m ) to the mediator , maybe . ( o ) this is kind of risky . it is . ( m ) yeah , yeah , but i i think it shou- should n't be a problem really . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) yeah . so basically , it is running on the tpu in the paraphrasing server so it 's fine . ( o ) ok . ( m ) i just hope that it there wo n't be any problems in in on the cluster . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so please , talk to sangeet and make , like ideally the deployment should happen twice at the same time . at our gpu machines by sangeet and or you as well , like with the help of sangeet . and on the tpu as as a kind of fallback , but i would not i would not like if if the tpu was the only solution for the- ( m ) yeah , i do n't think that , i do n't think that i will need to to use it on the tpu because it it 's already running on paraphrasing server without any problems so it should be fine . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( m ) on the gpu . ( o ) yeah , ok . so i 'll i 'll have to send response to the project officer and i 'll tell him that we would like to do the demo after the edible slt which is the 20th or the 24th for the paper . so it would really be good if so . if it did n't look good in , if you were struggling to get it running by the end of this week , please , let me know . otherwise let 's plan to have the demo like on the 23rd or something like that . ( m ) ok , also , also i do n't know about the performance on some of the languages because for some of the languages we have only very little data . so- ( o ) yes , exactly . well- that 's that 's not the point . let 's let 's show it that it 's doing something . romanian is kind of critical because the project officer is romanian . ( m ) oh . ok , maybe i can i can add some- ( o ) yeah . ( m ) ok , good to know . ( o ) ( ? ? ) around april 23 . yeah , so so matu\u0161 should warn if deployment by april 18 or whatever would be at risk . yeah , ok . so i think that 's that 's it , right ? so i would like to thank everybody for the ( ? ? ) work . i 'm i 'm really to see that you have not been put off by the complications and let 's keep the the strong the strength that that we have . so this is one of the few like social entertainments , i believe . so let 's let 's tick them . and let 's so , let 's now will be in close touch for the right up . ( s ) i think of ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , who is talking ? ( s ) i think mohammad is live and maybe he can hear us . ( o ) yes , he was there at the beginning as well and i asked him but he did n't respond . so it 's possible that the connection is not good for . ( s ) ok . ( o ) yeah , mohammad can you hear us ? can you say something ? yeah , it 's just unreliable . normally they they use they use whatsapp when they talk with ebrahim and that 's that work for them . yeah , ok , so thanks a lot and will be in touch at least in a week from now again but individually much much earlier . ( j ) yeah , ondrej just a quick , would you have a few minutes- ( o ) thanks everybody . ( s ) bye bye . ( o ) i 'm still waiting , thank you , bye bye . and some someone is- ( s ) ( ? ? ) ondrej , so what the people that chiara request as- ( o ) yes , yes , that 's so , who is doing the main submission ? dominik or you ? ( s ) dominik is responsible for the main submission and i think we need to distribute the ( ? ? ) task ourselves . ( o ) yeah , yeah , so- ( d ) i i confirm that i 'm going to spend the paper . ( o ) say it again , are are you confirming that you are sending- ( d ) no , i 'm not . ( o ) you 're not sending it , ok , so who 's is sending it ? ( d ) can you do it ? ( o ) ehm , i would like to leave that to sangeet , someone who is , like i'm- ( d ) it means lots of work . i think . ( o ) so i would like to review it , i 'll definitely i 'll try to open and read it and review it . but let 's have someone who will submit it as the last resort . so . ( s ) i can submit like any paper . ( o ) ok , yeah . so so sangeet we 'll be in touch during the evening and we 'll like make sure that we submit it . right ? ( s ) ok , alright . i 'll be there . but but does that mean ( ? ? ) ( o ) the content . ( s ) the content is to be reviewed . as- ( o ) yeah exactly , that 's that 's my that 's my worry and that i 'll i 'll have to do it , i do n't think there is , like if you can do it , please do it from your point of view . and everybody should do it essentially . everybody should do it and the the first person , which is chiara , should have the last word , kind of . but , yeah . ( s ) ok , ok . so may- i was thinking like maybe we could leave that and ask an advice or what to do . ( o ) make sure the paper is great , well written , clear , it 's , that 's it . ( s ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so i do n't have , yeah . i 'll try do it myself as well . and we 'll submit it tonight . ( s ) ok . ( o ) yeah , so great , thank you . thanks to all . bye bye . ( d ) bye . ( s ) bye bye . ( d ) matu\u0161 i have 2 gpu and i can- ", "tgt": "work error rate kit asr comparison peter 's outputs dominik 's work - mt wrapper and online text flow big batches problem preparation for dry run 21 eu languages corona corpus multilingual system demo papers to send to chiara"}
{"src": "( ob ) we still did n't have ( sangeet ) . i 'm a truth . we will connect . i expect into connect . so anyway let 's get started . thanks for coming . again we are trying to record this call to see if we are able to summarize it automatically . document we are talking about - so our probably - it 's also the point of of these meetings is that everybody very loudly says and enters in the list actually in the in the google sheet , that is more important , the number of items that you have worked on and that you think you deserve some ( ? ? ) . so that 's the that 's the point of the meetings . so that 's list . so please make sure that your point from the last week already have a row and then when they have the row i can end the i can end that . so briefly describe all what you did what do you think deserve some ( ? ? ) because it is usefull for at the all all of that . so it is a practise in selling your homework . and then aplies also to matus , petr and jonas of course . and everybody else who should also come later . so that 's yeah - one thing that i want you to say aloud is that out of ( agreech ) i was asked by magda sevcikova to give her presentation on elitr on the monday seminar so as from subtitling we are also expecting to describe of what we are doing regular talk there . the date i think the date is possible the 17th february so in little bit more than two weeks from now . and the goal of office would be obviously to describe the ( byplan ) say where there problems and to invite more people to join us . so that 's why i pick this ( every ) day . so that 's thats one modification for this . this is the early session that i 'm ( ? ? ) of approach we need some domain adaptation again . so i need to work on this which is so so this is a good place for better to use english as english models because i think that this english models could be better adapted . also maybe sangeet can adapt the just the vocabulary of the ( janus ) talkage . so the standard as that we are using . but that would need input from people are not here . from vojtech and maybe daniel . so let 's let 's ( ? ? ) they the optional . so that is the early session for the adaptation . and then the other domain adaptation session that will need that will be a harsh one . so there will be then other monday seminars . for these other monday seminars we do n't have to do anything it 's just an opportunity to try it again . but one event will require that . and that is there is two upcoming events so actually event big for them maybe . so the monday seminar on the 17th happens the week after we have some dry run of a workshop where we are describing various language technologies and that 's for the usi congress the part like the ( site ) activity . we are not only subtitling but we are also advertising for nlp . and already wednesday of the 12th of february we are having our first dry run . and the idea is that that we say there will be also recorded and used for domain adaptation later on . and the second dry run and then the final workshop . so there will be us non-native speakers very likely presenting in english . because the workshop will be held in english . that would benefit from the same type of domain adaptation as we will need for the 17th of february . so so there two events which have the same type of adaptation . it 's nlp and elitr on the 12th and the 17th of february . so two weeks from now and a little bit later . and then the the important big event that i wanted to talk about is the students firm fair thats something which we have done only last year . and last year nothing was really working . and we were only reusing the system from ( ? ? ) and it went for single minute for two ( ? ? ) . but it was an important event for data collection because students are presenting their their companies and we record them and they transcribe it and they compete in how well their work- their voice was recognized . and it 's very noisy environment it 's like fair or congress in big hall of many stands and there is little a little side it 's not really room , it 's just a dedicated area where this competition of the firm presentations is is running . so it 's a big challenge for equaliate . and we are also going to ( writers ) , well it will depend what the they will let us or not , last february we 're showing some of the subtitles and because that was were appearing just once . but because there is four hundred high school students , they are able to take pictures of that and they were then sharing that across network extend they were laughing at at other teams . so it is it is an risky activity . and that 's a big for us it 's a big opportunity to test that . so that 's the 18th and till 20th march and for that we would highly benefit from having some profanity filtering . so so this is an invitation . this is one of the to do or wanted items to add some filter and f- populated what words that we do n't want to show at all . so it 's it 's not always only bad words it could be just words related to bad topics . so that 's it is top so it 's also the questions what to do of these topics then rather we should removes such words or not . but this is something that we have a months or more for . and we really should work on this . some some censorship upcoding construct . so as you remember on the the day before yesterday were martin ( popelu ) giving ( advering ) talk one czech word which has nothing in relation that was translated as scrotum and so this is exactly the type of word which is bad for high school students . so - so that 's an invitation for for domain adaptation because we do n't know in part no no in part but kind of - we may know the names of the companies at least and maybe some description live up what is their core bussiness or topic of business . and to that we should adapt because they going to present their companies . and it will be non-native speakers of english . so this is already like a big challenge . and then the filtering of the profanity would be would be ( ? ? ) are useful for that . so and i would like to ask everybody to to say what they did and think about what activity they would like to work on . so maybe atul you can start . ( a ) okay . this week i work on do the collection is business for german and english . and because the from the ger- germans thing of the office i have ( ? ? ) 1970 to 1980 pdf files which is extracted which was extracted from the ( tcp ) using texted ocr so just can work in text format . and 15000 sentences is crawled automatic using automatic clover for english and german . from these supreme article this . so and we need i need clean all the data because some duplicate sentences and some other garbage values . so ( member ) vojtech is i think he was busy exams all times . ( ob ) who ? ( s ) vojta . ( ob ) aha , okay . ( a ) sometimes that united interrupted because - so this is the picture . ( ob ) ok , so so what would be your collaboration with vojtech then if you if you were available ? ( a ) so we will - we will use it - ( ob ) he would use it as language model and he would extract the terms from that or - ? ( a ) i do n't know what he is using the tools what is the aplication so it would be nice when we would be - ( ob ) so i did n't catch the details , the numbers . maybe later if you can correct that . but the first which is so far there were mostly in english or only in english or all the languages , that 's a mix of languages ? ( a ) ( ? ? ) english and ( ? ? ) german . ( ob ) so only only english and german . ( a ) little bit . monolingualy . ( ob ) so for the english or for both of them these are languages anyway so there the adaptation by vojtech make sense it 's good to put this into the collection and start organizing the collection . ok , great , so thanks . ( s ) so sangeet updated me yesterday . there was some problem of the - ( ob ) so i think i understood the problem from the comment . so if the idea is that the compress sound goes always to network and is directly decompress before ( begin sent ) . so have you added the required command ? ( s ) yes i could ( interprate ) . it 's there . ( ob ) so sangeet will test it whenever . ( s ) so that 's one thing , second thing . i was looking into that multisource model output ( ? ? ) output ( maryann ) . so i did some thing one that . but one specific question i had was regarding the profanity filtery and give after martins ( ? ? ) . so let it circumstance we had that the that is not actually ( ? ? ) that is not supposed to be a prophane what coming up . ( ob ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , yeah , so but i believe in the putting up the ( ? ? ) top of list . do you think i mean i do n't think that briefly most effective thing because we would blocking on many ( ? able ) . so better something i would like to ( aplain ) like a like to thinkable . ( ob ) so i have an idea but i do n't know if we have the person for that and the idea is exactly responding to the to the fake that . the list will never be complete and it will contain many word which we actually like would like to have an as the output or as the input . so the idea is hear the bed word was created by an error in the translation system . so somehow there was lighter the czech word was `` soupatko '' which is a slider actually and for some reason in some of the corpora this must have been in the same sentence as as the error came from . so it just made up a follow low frequency pattern which was unreliable . so the idea i have in mind is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words so like safe word corpora or safe vocabulary corpora . safe is not in the sense that it 's not bad word but safe in the sense that it has enough occurancies . and i would like to - so this is if we do this type of filtering firstly together a very huge corpus then we need to set up threshold like what was the safe we can work work frequent boundary and then we need to create the corpus which is somehow limited to these words . and that is hard , somewhat , but i think that we could do it monolingualy and use back translation to create the other part . and maybe put out sentences which are ( ? ? ) . there is two ways either we can brought sentences which contain infrequent word infrequent words or we can replace infrequent words in the sentences with some like placeholder things like forgetting . so then we use the rest of the sentence and non just these kept these unknow words . and the third option is to use this filtering on in the monolingual setting only and use backtranslation to get the other side . and we need to evaluate which of these approaches is the best interupt . so all preservation of quality and avoidance of ( ? ? ) words . so this is like a large topic and it 's totaly unlagged to refiltering on the ( fly ) . one further twist in the on the ( fly ) furthering would be like to add words live and we go . so the tool that does this filtering should actually be regularly checking this has appearance some list . so then we can immediately prevent ( ? ? ) respond of them . well in the tok on tuesday martin did n't say `` soupatko '' again so the scrotum did not reappear . but still we would like to have a chance to prevent it from that . so that 's a like a bigger experiment and i would probably find someone new for that one semestr stars from the students but it 's it is an option . okay . so yeah . so your main homework word compression , the further experiment in word multisource and just this comment on the limitation profanity filtering . okay . thank you . so now maybe ebrahim . ( ebrahim ) so as you may know i finished evaluation framework and it 's ready but maybe for some test maybe i should do some a small changes but i think it 's ready . we ( approved ) that time base and word base segmentation to find the for example where is the may i want to calculated delay i should estimate that time of each word should be the time expected time for each word . so i used two different segmentation for this , one is timebase and second is wordbase anyway everything is almost ready . and now maybe i need something like ( ? ? ) complete files to test it to test our there framework . i prepare a small things myself manualy and it works now . so this is the team and now i me and andrea working on the i and andrea are working on the paper for ( exceptement ) and i think that 's on . so - ( ob ) so the bad thing - peter is on the call . the bad thing is that i have n't heard from ( ? ? ) - a okay . so there is four - i 've received that e-mail yesterday from daniel suchy . the mi corporas the mi corporas has time stamps for word . so we should be able to convert that . so the problematic setting . peter ? are you on the call ? ( p ) yes . ( ob ) so the remember that we have the recorded from mi corporas where your forced alignment totaly fails . and we have the idea of breaking in a small chunks . so realize and then daniel suchy has double checked this corporas actually . ( p ) yeah i have already read a mail . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so i think that it would still be interesting to run your forced alignment of this data and we can now use the existing time stamps to break the long recording into shorter once . so that you see whether it like cashes up with these shorter segments . and that is important to know for some future corpora what will not have the time stamps . ( p ) okay . i will looking to that . ( ob ) but for for the evaluation we have now something that we can do ( ? ? ) we will actually sometime . it appears that thursday lunch time is the bad time . last time it was also very noisy in this - . ( ebrahim ) maybe we should do it after lunch or maybe in the morning . ( ob ) yes . it 's i do n't know i do n't know why it 's a case normaly recorders it 's much quieters . ( ebrahim ) but the question ( ? ? ) corpus we had the english and czech parts or only- ( ob ) so no , we have only one recordings translated into czech and german . ( ebrahim ) okay , so it 's a german but we wo n't have do we have english is are we have - ( ob ) yes . we have correct english transcript much large of volume and we have limited file only in czech . ( ebrahim ) okay , and the ( mode ) english it 's time ( stamped ) . ( ob ) yes . ( ebrahim ) okay . ( ob ) this is what something which i did n't realise before because i ( ? ? ) with that like intense enough myself . ( ebrahim ) yes . so in this case i can convert the second we can use it but we can discuss about it later . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so to ( cut ) down , evaluation too is finished . now , why do not - ( ebrahim ) yes , i have a question about this ( board ) files . is there any trajectory to how have together ? ( ob ) no we do n't have that . ( ebrahim ) because unfortunately i 'm not sure i have access to ( ? ? ) . because i have access to some of them because it 's a little bit - so maybe if we can have name of files . it could help someone somebody like me . because i know we have lot of these files now . ( s ) ( ? ? ) create a list of them and then send ( ? ? ) . ( ebrahim ) maybe could help because i\u00b4m confused about this files i can not find to use . ( ob ) so that 's ( ? ? ) . and now let 's move to those who are present remotly . so maybe jonas if you can start ? you understand at all ? ( j ) yes , yes . i have been listening . so i have mainly concentrated on the adaptation of czech as are for martins talk that took place yesterday . so i 've experimented with various technics and especially like domain adaptation of a language model and then acoustic finding on martins talk . so i think that i was quite happy with result then during the presentation as like quite a lot of domain specific words were recognized by the model . so that 's good sign for me that some how works these technics and - yes , right now i 'm working on a next version of the czech asr system that should be trained on even more data . so i 'm preparing this . ( ob ) ok , so remember the thing that i sad at the beginning . please enter your achievements also into the google sheets so that thing once for that . whenever you think it something big and i think this the improvement martins talk it 's very good one so definitely deserve to listed . please let 's make sure you do that . do n't forget . ( j ) yeah , okay . ( ob ) so now let 's move to peter . ( p ) so first question regarding the compression . which kind of compression it is . and it will be applied to all asr systems ? ( ob ) so that 's something that we 're just testing and sangeet said that he would evaluated . sunit has found the appropriate command flacs so that the audio is compress to mp3 then shiped as mp3 to network and then decompress before being sent to the asr . and the question is what effect does this have on the asr quality . so if the if there is something we can lost of of ( ? ? ) then we do n't want to do it but if it 's like the same then will write to ( ? ? ) because it simply makes the communication more ( abased ) less likely to be to be effected by network long . so sunit will evaluated soon and he can evaluated with everything and because had already been integrated . and - so so if your assistance - i belive could evaluated yourself as well supportly or if your assistance will be already included and delivered stable output which is the problem that we still have . then sangeet would evaluated for you . ( p ) yeah . jus- because i noticed when i read the paper about librispeech that the recordings were before in mp3 format and then they were actually converted into flac format and then i had to converted into wav format so and the and the common voice is also in mp3 . so i guess that my systems are actually good with mp3 compression . so that 's the first thing had . the second thing is i was working on the sound segmentation . it 's there is a problem with asr system because some words get cut in the middle . now my system looks in the window with a greedy decoding and looks for pauses bef- between words and i have window that must be at least four seconds long and maximum is eight seconds found find the the most probable pause between the words and then i cut the windows there . so this makes the decoding a bit better . i also trained the transformer converting the phonings into graphians and i tested to the settings . but the results were at least for at least for some european parliaments talks they were really bad because the the corpora on which the transform were trade was trained is for casual speak and and fairy tales and so on . so that 's actual translation with the with the transformer was quite bad and the transform-hallucinated some words . it was funny ( laugh ) . and i i send an e-mail to ota and i have n't received any any comments to to this new segment- to this new windowing from him . so - ( ob ) sorry . so you have already integrated right ? so anybody can tests it at this news . ( p ) no , i had some temporary folder for this hot updates but i need some feedback from ota of how this works with his segmenter . and i will have some more recording from the from yesterday so we can use use this non-native english for some find uniquals our models . ( ob ) okay . so add you estimate that than your segmenter could be operational in the two weeks from now for the monday talk by 17th or even for the dry run sesion of the workshop on the 12th and you can talk . ( p ) i hope so but i have n't heard from ota yet . so i do n't know wheter it works . and the next problem is that the segmentation should be done on speaker separately because when there is some conversation the windows can overlap to speakers and the problem is then then the transformer translate these sentences into nonsense . ( ob ) the problem is that we do n't have speaker diarization on ( fly ) so we simply do not know when there is a speaker change . ( j ) yeah that 's a problem but if if if the talks are only with one speaker then there is no problem with this . ( ob ) so the talks in general are one speaker only but do it also as an for example for the remote calls there conference calls on the interview platform , there each speaker has different chanel so the diarization is there for free and it\u00b4s not not mixed . ( p ) that sould be better and the next problem is that the windows overlaped sentences and this causes some problems too . and i i now i do n't have some- now no solution to this problem . ( ob ) yeah . so so are you awaiting for ota also please getting ( dash ) with sangeet because i think that sangeet made be more responsive these days . sangeet is coming back to back to prague on the weekend . who wo n't be available during the ( ? ? ) then may have more time for for that . ( p ) good . i will have new better models by dan so maybe this will work . ( ob ) yeah , okay . thank you . so everybody please review what have in document i was trying to do something but i 'm not perfect i can roll it follow . so the last person we have here today is matus . so i do n't know if the rest of team has ever met you in person . maybe not . matus has already work on the project last june when he was helping us to put all the ( byplan ) together and - so i just remember that his reimplementation or his treak of the tee programme tee rescue the project because tee was cashing its output . and we need the ( byplans ) to be wilow cashing so we created an modify version and there was there was one of the early sessions . and matus is now in zurich . so he can participate only remotedly and there for also whatever he does has to be like self contain as little interaction with others as as possible . so now matus please let us know what if you have work on anything . i think you work on paraphrasing . so you are in touch with some other colleagues from here who are actually ( ? ? ) today . but in the paraphrasing goal it 's not for elitr that 's for different that 's for different project . so is there anything that you have work on it 's useful for elitr from the subtitling . ( m ) yes , so so far i have only worked on the paraphrasing and actually i just i just wanted to say that right now i 'm just waiting for a virtual machine for the paraphrasing server but otherwise it is done and working . otherwise i was planning to work on to work on the division ( ? ? ) of of the levels of of microphone . i know is that still - ( ob ) it is still deleted . ( m ) okay , if it is still delete then i can then i can started next week . but my first priority was the paraphrasi- was the paraphrasing so i did n't did n't ( ? ? ) yet . ( ob ) so the problem is that ota is not responding . i remember that i have asked him to check if the virtual machine set up is is reasonable and something like that and then forward to the it department . if you do n't get any response from ota even after the weekend then please make sure to to like treasure ask for that yourself without waiting . ( m ) okay , okay so i do n't have anything interesting to report you right now . ( ob ) yeah . the visualisation of sound it 's something that we will need . this is something that sangeet would check . i think it should be simply and totaly independent process for now which anybody could run to adition to be sound acqusition ( byplan ) and would that see which of the input chanell is receiving what output . so it 's very similar to ( outer ) city recording chanells except it is not recording . ( m ) yeah , okay . ou , there is one thing that is n't exactly i do n't know important maybe . but then i just saw it today . and i told you might be interested in it . i saw that there 's any paper from microsoft from december on asr and it is called fastspeech . have you have you seen it ? ( ob ) i heard about it somewhere where have i saw it - ( m ) yeah , so i just try it today and it 's just basicly sais that it\u00b4s like three hundred times faster for asr so so so it could i just told it could actually be used to do asr like all the spot and it could n't have to be sent and the delay problem could be eliminated . ( ob ) ehmm ( m ) and they also say it is that it is robust and dust nearly eliminates words keeping ( ? ? ) which is also interesting interesting so i can just send it to you if you like . ( ob ) well the question is wheter it is available as ( code ) , it is ? is it ? ( m ) i have n't i have n't get did n't get ( try ) yet . ( ob ) so that in that case that would be obviously interesting so that we would try in our set up . ( m ) yeah , i ( ? ? ) . ( ob ) fastspeech , yeah , it seems like it it should ( ? ? ) . so so again . i think i wanted ( ? ? ) . check if there is code for that and maybe - so that 's that 's it . thank you . ( m ) i do my exams period is ending maybe i would be able to come to prague for for maybe one week or something like that . ( ob ) yeah , okay . and a colleague of mine ask me wheter you are from ko\u0161ice or not and i do n't remember . ( m ) no no . ( ob ) are you ? are you from kos- ( m ) no , i 'm not , i 'm from rozumberok . ( ob ) rozumberok okay . yeah , so that 's different . so , i think that 's we should stop again today it 's then spent more time we wanted . please review this list and please think what you to do from the wanted topics . so that next week we should be meeting at the same time , still thursday and - okay , so what so you prefer friday instead of thursday right ? so should we all then make do a call for a doodle because thing changed for others as well . okay so . ( j ) bye . thank you much . ( m ) bye . ( p ) bye .", "tgt": "ondrej: draw attention to enter the achievements into google sheet . inform about presentation on elitr on monday seminar , 17th february: goal is to describe the project and invite more people to join . domain adaptation is needed . nlp and elitr has same domain adaptation . inform about students firmsfare , 18th \u2013 20th march . important for data collection . very noisy environment . it is necessary to add profanity filtering . bad words and words related to bad topics . atul: worked on data collection in english and german . have 1970 \u2013 1980 pdf files . now is needed to clean all the data . sunit: work on compress and decompress of the sound . work on multi-source model output . ebrahim: finished evaluation framework . used different segmentations \u2013 wordbase and timebase . now complete files to test it and working on the paper . ondrej and peter discuss problematic setting . idea of breaking in a small chunks and use the existing timestamps to break the long recording into shorter once . ebrahim and sunit agreed that sunit create the list of files and will send that . jonas: experimented with various technics and especially like domain adaptation of a language model and then acoustic finding on martin \u2019 s talk . now working on a next version of the czech asr system that should be trained on even more data . peter: discuss with ondrej about kind of compression . sunit and sangeet test it . guess that systems are actually good with mp3 compression . was working on sound segmentation . problem with asr system because some words get cut . now continue with decoding . window 4 \u2013 8 seconds long . trained the transformer converting the audio into graphians and tested the settings . actual translation with the transformer was quite bad . prepare segmenter for monday 17th . matus: ondrej introduce matus . worked on paraphrasing , actualy waiting for virtual machine . inform about microsoft fastspeech . could try to setup . next meeting will be arranged by doodle ."}
{"src": "( ob ) we still did n't have ( sangeet ) . i 'm a truth . we will connect . i expect into connect . so anyway let 's get started . thanks for coming . again we are trying to record this call to see if we are able to summarize it automatically . document we are talking about - so our probably - it 's also the point of of these meetings is that everybody very loudly says and enters in the list actually in the in the google sheet , that is more important , the number of items that you have worked on and that you think you deserve some ( ? ? ) . so that 's the that 's the point of the meetings . so that 's list . so please make sure that your point from the last week already have a row and then when they have the row i can end the i can end that . so briefly describe all what you did what do you think deserve some ( ? ? ) because it is usefull for at the all all of that . so it is a practise in selling your homework . and then aplies also to matus , petr and jonas of course . and everybody else who should also come later . so that 's yeah - one thing that i want you to say aloud is that out of ( agreech ) i was asked by magda sevcikova to give her presentation on elitr on the monday seminar so as from subtitling we are also expecting to describe of what we are doing regular talk there . the date i think the date is possible the 17th february so in little bit more than two weeks from now . and the goal of office would be obviously to describe the ( byplan ) say where there problems and to invite more people to join us . so that 's why i pick this ( every ) day . so that 's thats one modification for this . this is the early session that i 'm ( ? ? ) of approach we need some domain adaptation again . so i need to work on this which is so so this is a good place for better to use english as english models because i think that this english models could be better adapted . also maybe sangeet can adapt the just the vocabulary of the ( janus ) talkage . so the standard as that we are using . but that would need input from people are not here . from vojtech and maybe daniel . so let 's let 's ( ? ? ) they the optional . so that is the early session for the adaptation . and then the other domain adaptation session that will need that will be a harsh one . so there will be then other monday seminars . for these other monday seminars we do n't have to do anything it 's just an opportunity to try it again . but one event will require that . and that is there is two upcoming events so actually event big for them maybe . so the monday seminar on the 17th happens the week after we have some dry run of a workshop where we are describing various language technologies and that 's for the usi congress the part like the ( site ) activity . we are not only subtitling but we are also advertising for nlp . and already wednesday of the 12th of february we are having our first dry run . and the idea is that that we say there will be also recorded and used for domain adaptation later on . and the second dry run and then the final workshop . so there will be us non-native speakers very likely presenting in english . because the workshop will be held in english . that would benefit from the same type of domain adaptation as we will need for the 17th of february . so so there two events which have the same type of adaptation . it 's nlp and elitr on the 12th and the 17th of february . so two weeks from now and a little bit later . and then the the important big event that i wanted to talk about is the students firm fair thats something which we have done only last year . and last year nothing was really working . and we were only reusing the system from ( ? ? ) and it went for single minute for two ( ? ? ) . but it was an important event for data collection because students are presenting their their companies and we record them and they transcribe it and they compete in how well their work- their voice was recognized . and it 's very noisy environment it 's like fair or congress in big hall of many stands and there is little a little side it 's not really room , it 's just a dedicated area where this competition of the firm presentations is is running . so it 's a big challenge for equaliate . and we are also going to ( writers ) , well it will depend what the they will let us or not , last february we 're showing some of the subtitles and because that was were appearing just once . but because there is four hundred high school students , they are able to take pictures of that and they were then sharing that across network extend they were laughing at at other teams . so it is it is an risky activity . and that 's a big for us it 's a big opportunity to test that . so that 's the 18th and till 20th march and for that we would highly benefit from having some profanity filtering . so so this is an invitation . this is one of the to do or wanted items to add some filter and f- populated what words that we do n't want to show at all . so it 's it 's not always only bad words it could be just words related to bad topics . so that 's it is top so it 's also the questions what to do of these topics then rather we should removes such words or not . but this is something that we have a months or more for . and we really should work on this . some some censorship upcoding construct . so as you remember on the the day before yesterday were martin ( popelu ) giving ( advering ) talk one czech word which has nothing in relation that was translated as scrotum and so this is exactly the type of word which is bad for high school students . so - so that 's an invitation for for domain adaptation because we do n't know in part no no in part but kind of - we may know the names of the companies at least and maybe some description live up what is their core bussiness or topic of business . and to that we should adapt because they going to present their companies . and it will be non-native speakers of english . so this is already like a big challenge . and then the filtering of the profanity would be would be ( ? ? ) are useful for that . so and i would like to ask everybody to to say what they did and think about what activity they would like to work on . so maybe atul you can start . ( a ) okay . this week i work on do the collection is business for german and english . and because the from the ger- germans thing of the office i have ( ? ? ) 1970 to 1980 pdf files which is extracted which was extracted from the ( tcp ) using texted ocr so just can work in text format . and 15000 sentences is crawled automatic using automatic clover for english and german . from these supreme article this . so and we need i need clean all the data because some duplicate sentences and some other garbage values . so ( member ) vojtech is i think he was busy exams all times . ( ob ) who ? ( s ) vojta . ( ob ) aha , okay . ( a ) sometimes that united interrupted because - so this is the picture . ( ob ) ok , so so what would be your collaboration with vojtech then if you if you were available ? ( a ) so we will - we will use it - ( ob ) he would use it as language model and he would extract the terms from that or - ? ( a ) i do n't know what he is using the tools what is the aplication so it would be nice when we would be - ( ob ) so i did n't catch the details , the numbers . maybe later if you can correct that . but the first which is so far there were mostly in english or only in english or all the languages , that 's a mix of languages ? ( a ) ( ? ? ) english and ( ? ? ) german . ( ob ) so only only english and german . ( a ) little bit . monolingualy . ( ob ) so for the english or for both of them these are languages anyway so there the adaptation by vojtech make sense it 's good to put this into the collection and start organizing the collection . ok , great , so thanks . ( s ) so sangeet updated me yesterday . there was some problem of the - ( ob ) so i think i understood the problem from the comment . so if the idea is that the compress sound goes always to network and is directly decompress before ( begin sent ) . so have you added the required command ? ( s ) yes i could ( interprate ) . it 's there . ( ob ) so sangeet will test it whenever . ( s ) so that 's one thing , second thing . i was looking into that multisource model output ( ? ? ) output ( maryann ) . so i did some thing one that . but one specific question i had was regarding the profanity filtery and give after martins ( ? ? ) . so let it circumstance we had that the that is not actually ( ? ? ) that is not supposed to be a prophane what coming up . ( ob ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , yeah , so but i believe in the putting up the ( ? ? ) top of list . do you think i mean i do n't think that briefly most effective thing because we would blocking on many ( ? able ) . so better something i would like to ( aplain ) like a like to thinkable . ( ob ) so i have an idea but i do n't know if we have the person for that and the idea is exactly responding to the to the fake that . the list will never be complete and it will contain many word which we actually like would like to have an as the output or as the input . so the idea is hear the bed word was created by an error in the translation system . so somehow there was lighter the czech word was `` soupatko '' which is a slider actually and for some reason in some of the corpora this must have been in the same sentence as as the error came from . so it just made up a follow low frequency pattern which was unreliable . so the idea i have in mind is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words so like safe word corpora or safe vocabulary corpora . safe is not in the sense that it 's not bad word but safe in the sense that it has enough occurancies . and i would like to - so this is if we do this type of filtering firstly together a very huge corpus then we need to set up threshold like what was the safe we can work work frequent boundary and then we need to create the corpus which is somehow limited to these words . and that is hard , somewhat , but i think that we could do it monolingualy and use back translation to create the other part . and maybe put out sentences which are ( ? ? ) . there is two ways either we can brought sentences which contain infrequent word infrequent words or we can replace infrequent words in the sentences with some like placeholder things like forgetting . so then we use the rest of the sentence and non just these kept these unknow words . and the third option is to use this filtering on in the monolingual setting only and use backtranslation to get the other side . and we need to evaluate which of these approaches is the best interupt . so all preservation of quality and avoidance of ( ? ? ) words . so this is like a large topic and it 's totaly unlagged to refiltering on the ( fly ) . one further twist in the on the ( fly ) furthering would be like to add words live and we go . so the tool that does this filtering should actually be regularly checking this has appearance some list . so then we can immediately prevent ( ? ? ) respond of them . well in the tok on tuesday martin did n't say `` soupatko '' again so the scrotum did not reappear . but still we would like to have a chance to prevent it from that . so that 's a like a bigger experiment and i would probably find someone new for that one semestr stars from the students but it 's it is an option . okay . so yeah . so your main homework word compression , the further experiment in word multisource and just this comment on the limitation profanity filtering . okay . thank you . so now maybe ebrahim . ( ebrahim ) so as you may know i finished evaluation framework and it 's ready but maybe for some test maybe i should do some a small changes but i think it 's ready . we ( approved ) that time base and word base segmentation to find the for example where is the may i want to calculated delay i should estimate that time of each word should be the time expected time for each word . so i used two different segmentation for this , one is timebase and second is wordbase anyway everything is almost ready . and now maybe i need something like ( ? ? ) complete files to test it to test our there framework . i prepare a small things myself manualy and it works now . so this is the team and now i me and andrea working on the i and andrea are working on the paper for ( exceptement ) and i think that 's on . so - ( ob ) so the bad thing - peter is on the call . the bad thing is that i have n't heard from ( ? ? ) - a okay . so there is four - i 've received that e-mail yesterday from daniel suchy . the mi corporas the mi corporas has time stamps for word . so we should be able to convert that . so the problematic setting . peter ? are you on the call ? ( p ) yes . ( ob ) so the remember that we have the recorded from mi corporas where your forced alignment totaly fails . and we have the idea of breaking in a small chunks . so realize and then daniel suchy has double checked this corporas actually . ( p ) yeah i have already read a mail . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so i think that it would still be interesting to run your forced alignment of this data and we can now use the existing time stamps to break the long recording into shorter once . so that you see whether it like cashes up with these shorter segments . and that is important to know for some future corpora what will not have the time stamps . ( p ) okay . i will looking to that . ( ob ) but for for the evaluation we have now something that we can do ( ? ? ) we will actually sometime . it appears that thursday lunch time is the bad time . last time it was also very noisy in this - . ( ebrahim ) maybe we should do it after lunch or maybe in the morning . ( ob ) yes . it 's i do n't know i do n't know why it 's a case normaly recorders it 's much quieters . ( ebrahim ) but the question ( ? ? ) corpus we had the english and czech parts or only- ( ob ) so no , we have only one recordings translated into czech and german . ( ebrahim ) okay , so it 's a german but we wo n't have do we have english is are we have - ( ob ) yes . we have correct english transcript much large of volume and we have limited file only in czech . ( ebrahim ) okay , and the ( mode ) english it 's time ( stamped ) . ( ob ) yes . ( ebrahim ) okay . ( ob ) this is what something which i did n't realise before because i ( ? ? ) with that like intense enough myself . ( ebrahim ) yes . so in this case i can convert the second we can use it but we can discuss about it later . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so to ( cut ) down , evaluation too is finished . now , why do not - ( ebrahim ) yes , i have a question about this ( board ) files . is there any trajectory to how have together ? ( ob ) no we do n't have that . ( ebrahim ) because unfortunately i 'm not sure i have access to ( ? ? ) . because i have access to some of them because it 's a little bit - so maybe if we can have name of files . it could help someone somebody like me . because i know we have lot of these files now . ( s ) ( ? ? ) create a list of them and then send ( ? ? ) . ( ebrahim ) maybe could help because i\u00b4m confused about this files i can not find to use . ( ob ) so that 's ( ? ? ) . and now let 's move to those who are present remotly . so maybe jonas if you can start ? you understand at all ? ( j ) yes , yes . i have been listening . so i have mainly concentrated on the adaptation of czech as are for martins talk that took place yesterday . so i 've experimented with various technics and especially like domain adaptation of a language model and then acoustic finding on martins talk . so i think that i was quite happy with result then during the presentation as like quite a lot of domain specific words were recognized by the model . so that 's good sign for me that some how works these technics and - yes , right now i 'm working on a next version of the czech asr system that should be trained on even more data . so i 'm preparing this . ( ob ) ok , so remember the thing that i sad at the beginning . please enter your achievements also into the google sheets so that thing once for that . whenever you think it something big and i think this the improvement martins talk it 's very good one so definitely deserve to listed . please let 's make sure you do that . do n't forget . ( j ) yeah , okay . ( ob ) so now let 's move to peter . ( p ) so first question regarding the compression . which kind of compression it is . and it will be applied to all asr systems ? ( ob ) so that 's something that we 're just testing and sangeet said that he would evaluated . sunit has found the appropriate command flacs so that the audio is compress to mp3 then shiped as mp3 to network and then decompress before being sent to the asr . and the question is what effect does this have on the asr quality . so if the if there is something we can lost of of ( ? ? ) then we do n't want to do it but if it 's like the same then will write to ( ? ? ) because it simply makes the communication more ( abased ) less likely to be to be effected by network long . so sunit will evaluated soon and he can evaluated with everything and because had already been integrated . and - so so if your assistance - i belive could evaluated yourself as well supportly or if your assistance will be already included and delivered stable output which is the problem that we still have . then sangeet would evaluated for you . ( p ) yeah . jus- because i noticed when i read the paper about librispeech that the recordings were before in mp3 format and then they were actually converted into flac format and then i had to converted into wav format so and the and the common voice is also in mp3 . so i guess that my systems are actually good with mp3 compression . so that 's the first thing had . the second thing is i was working on the sound segmentation . it 's there is a problem with asr system because some words get cut in the middle . now my system looks in the window with a greedy decoding and looks for pauses bef- between words and i have window that must be at least four seconds long and maximum is eight seconds found find the the most probable pause between the words and then i cut the windows there . so this makes the decoding a bit better . i also trained the transformer converting the phonings into graphians and i tested to the settings . but the results were at least for at least for some european parliaments talks they were really bad because the the corpora on which the transform were trade was trained is for casual speak and and fairy tales and so on . so that 's actual translation with the with the transformer was quite bad and the transform-hallucinated some words . it was funny ( laugh ) . and i i send an e-mail to ota and i have n't received any any comments to to this new segment- to this new windowing from him . so - ( ob ) sorry . so you have already integrated right ? so anybody can tests it at this news . ( p ) no , i had some temporary folder for this hot updates but i need some feedback from ota of how this works with his segmenter . and i will have some more recording from the from yesterday so we can use use this non-native english for some find uniquals our models . ( ob ) okay . so add you estimate that than your segmenter could be operational in the two weeks from now for the monday talk by 17th or even for the dry run sesion of the workshop on the 12th and you can talk . ( p ) i hope so but i have n't heard from ota yet . so i do n't know wheter it works . and the next problem is that the segmentation should be done on speaker separately because when there is some conversation the windows can overlap to speakers and the problem is then then the transformer translate these sentences into nonsense . ( ob ) the problem is that we do n't have speaker diarization on ( fly ) so we simply do not know when there is a speaker change . ( j ) yeah that 's a problem but if if if the talks are only with one speaker then there is no problem with this . ( ob ) so the talks in general are one speaker only but do it also as an for example for the remote calls there conference calls on the interview platform , there each speaker has different chanel so the diarization is there for free and it\u00b4s not not mixed . ( p ) that sould be better and the next problem is that the windows overlaped sentences and this causes some problems too . and i i now i do n't have some- now no solution to this problem . ( ob ) yeah . so so are you awaiting for ota also please getting ( dash ) with sangeet because i think that sangeet made be more responsive these days . sangeet is coming back to back to prague on the weekend . who wo n't be available during the ( ? ? ) then may have more time for for that . ( p ) good . i will have new better models by dan so maybe this will work . ( ob ) yeah , okay . thank you . so everybody please review what have in document i was trying to do something but i 'm not perfect i can roll it follow . so the last person we have here today is matus . so i do n't know if the rest of team has ever met you in person . maybe not . matus has already work on the project last june when he was helping us to put all the ( byplan ) together and - so i just remember that his reimplementation or his treak of the tee programme tee rescue the project because tee was cashing its output . and we need the ( byplans ) to be wilow cashing so we created an modify version and there was there was one of the early sessions . and matus is now in zurich . so he can participate only remotedly and there for also whatever he does has to be like self contain as little interaction with others as as possible . so now matus please let us know what if you have work on anything . i think you work on paraphrasing . so you are in touch with some other colleagues from here who are actually ( ? ? ) today . but in the paraphrasing goal it 's not for elitr that 's for different that 's for different project . so is there anything that you have work on it 's useful for elitr from the subtitling . ( m ) yes , so so far i have only worked on the paraphrasing and actually i just i just wanted to say that right now i 'm just waiting for a virtual machine for the paraphrasing server but otherwise it is done and working . otherwise i was planning to work on to work on the division ( ? ? ) of of the levels of of microphone . i know is that still - ( ob ) it is still deleted . ( m ) okay , if it is still delete then i can then i can started next week . but my first priority was the paraphrasi- was the paraphrasing so i did n't did n't ( ? ? ) yet . ( ob ) so the problem is that ota is not responding . i remember that i have asked him to check if the virtual machine set up is is reasonable and something like that and then forward to the it department . if you do n't get any response from ota even after the weekend then please make sure to to like treasure ask for that yourself without waiting . ( m ) okay , okay so i do n't have anything interesting to report you right now . ( ob ) yeah . the visualisation of sound it 's something that we will need . this is something that sangeet would check . i think it should be simply and totaly independent process for now which anybody could run to adition to be sound acqusition ( byplan ) and would that see which of the input chanell is receiving what output . so it 's very similar to ( outer ) city recording chanells except it is not recording . ( m ) yeah , okay . ou , there is one thing that is n't exactly i do n't know important maybe . but then i just saw it today . and i told you might be interested in it . i saw that there 's any paper from microsoft from december on asr and it is called fastspeech . have you have you seen it ? ( ob ) i heard about it somewhere where have i saw it - ( m ) yeah , so i just try it today and it 's just basicly sais that it\u00b4s like three hundred times faster for asr so so so it could i just told it could actually be used to do asr like all the spot and it could n't have to be sent and the delay problem could be eliminated . ( ob ) ehmm ( m ) and they also say it is that it is robust and dust nearly eliminates words keeping ( ? ? ) which is also interesting interesting so i can just send it to you if you like . ( ob ) well the question is wheter it is available as ( code ) , it is ? is it ? ( m ) i have n't i have n't get did n't get ( try ) yet . ( ob ) so that in that case that would be obviously interesting so that we would try in our set up . ( m ) yeah , i ( ? ? ) . ( ob ) fastspeech , yeah , it seems like it it should ( ? ? ) . so so again . i think i wanted ( ? ? ) . check if there is code for that and maybe - so that 's that 's it . thank you . ( m ) i do my exams period is ending maybe i would be able to come to prague for for maybe one week or something like that . ( ob ) yeah , okay . and a colleague of mine ask me wheter you are from ko\u0161ice or not and i do n't remember . ( m ) no no . ( ob ) are you ? are you from kos- ( m ) no , i 'm not , i 'm from rozumberok . ( ob ) rozumberok okay . yeah , so that 's different . so , i think that 's we should stop again today it 's then spent more time we wanted . please review this list and please think what you to do from the wanted topics . so that next week we should be meeting at the same time , still thursday and - okay , so what so you prefer friday instead of thursday right ? so should we all then make do a call for a doodle because thing changed for others as well . okay so . ( j ) bye . thank you much . ( m ) bye . ( p ) bye .", "tgt": "the domain adaptation is essential for following sessions . a dry-run workshop on 12th of february . monday seminar on elitr on 17th of february . student firm fair on 18-20th of march . non-native english speakers and the noisy environment - a proper preparation is required . profanity filtering is necessary for this . the concept of profanity filtering . filter for out-of-topic words and also for bad words . possibility to train systems on higher frequency words - a creation of the corpus and limitation to these words required . to choose the best option of these three: the evaluation of preservation of quality and avoidance of bad words . the sentences with infrequent words could be dropped . replacement of rare words with forgetting placeholder and to use the rest of the sentence . to use filtering on monolingual setting only and to use back-translation . atul: 1970-2019 pdf files from the german sao . the data needs to be clean from duplicate sentences and other useless values . sunit: compression - adding the command to decompress audio . working on multi-source model- how to put marian . ebrahim: the evaluation framework is finished . it is needed to test it . time and word-based segmentation . jon\u00e1\u0161 : the adaptation of czech asr for martin \u2019 s talks - domain adaptation of language model , the acoustic fine-tuning . good results were achieved - a lot of domain-specific words were recognized . currently , work on the new czech asr version - it will be trained on more data . peter: asking about compression - peter \u2019 s asr is also able to work with compression . the sound segmentation . some words were cut at window boundaries . the actual implementation works for windows from 4 to 8 seconds - searching for the most probable pause between words and cut the window between it . waiting for ota to test this new segmenter . segmentation has to respect speaker boundaries - two-more speakers cause overleaping the sentences in the window . the training of the transformer converting the phonemes into graphemes . bad results obtained - it was trained on corpora for casual speech . mat\u00fa\u0161 : work on paraphrasing - it is done , and it is working properly . waiting for a virtual machine for the paraphrasing server . a plan to start doing a visualization of the sound input . fast-speech paper on asr from microsoft . 300 times faster for asr - the delay could be eliminated . to check if the code is available and to integrate it ."}
{"src": "( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( ob ) we still did n't have ( sangeet ) . i 'm not sure if he will connect i expect him to connect . so anyway let 's get started . thanks for coming . again we are trying to record this call to see if we are able to summarize it automatically . document we are talking about - so our probably - so so the point of of these meetings is that everybody very loudly says and enters in the list actually in the in the google sheet , that is more important , the number of items that you have worked on and that you think you deserve some ( ? ? ) . so that 's the that 's the point of the meetings . so that 's list . so please make sure that your point from the last week already have a row and then when they have the row i can end the i can end that . so briefly describe all what you did what do you think deserve some ( ? ? ) because it is usefull for at the all all of that . so it is a practise in selling your homework . and that that aplies also to matus , petr and jonas of course . and everybody else who should also come later . so that 's yeah - one thing that i want you to say loud is that i 've agreed , i was asked by magda sevcikova to give her presentation on elitr on the monday seminar so as from subtitling we are also expecting to describe of what we are doing regular talk there . the date i think the date is possible the 17th february so in little bit more than two weeks from now . and the goal of office would be obviously to describe the pipeline say where there problems and to invite more people to join us . so that 's why i pick this ( every ) day . so that 's thats one modification for this . this is the early session that i 'm ( ? ? ) of approach we need some domain adaptation again . so i need to work on this which is so so this is a good place for better to use english as english models because i think that this english models could be better adapted . also maybe sangeet can adapt the just the vocabulary of the ( janus ) talkage . so the standard as that we are using . but that would need input from people are not here . from vojtech and maybe daniel . so let 's let 's ( ? ? ) they the optional . so that is the early session for the adaptation . and then the other domain adaptation session that will need that will be a harsh one . so there will be then other monday seminars . for these other monday seminars we do n't have to do anything it 's just an opportunity to try it again . but one event will require that . and that is there is two upcoming events so actually event big for them maybe . so the monday seminar on the 17th happens the week after we have some dry run of a workshop where we are describing various language technologies and that 's for the eurosai congress the part like the ( site ) activity . we are not only subtitling but we are also advertising for nlp . and already wednesday of the 12th of february we are having our first dry run . and the idea is that that we say there will be also recorded and used for domain adaptation later on . and the second dry run and then the final workshop . so there will be us non-native speakers very likely presenting in english . because the workshop will be held in english . that would benefit from the same type of domain adaptation as we will need for the 17th of february . so so there two events which have the same type of adaptation . it 's nlp and elitr on the 12th and the 17th of february . so two weeks from now and a little bit later . and then the the important big event that i wanted to talk about is the students firm fair thats something which we have done only last year . and last year nothing was really working . and we were only reusing the system from carlsruhe and it went for single minute of the two days . but it was an important event for data collection because students are presenting their their companies and we record them and they transcribe it and they compete in how well their work- their voice was recognized . and it 's very noisy environment it 's like fair or congress in big hall of many stands and there is little a little side it 's not really room , it 's just a dedicated area where this competition of the firm presentations is is running . so it 's a big challenge for equaliate . and we are also going to ( writers ) , well it will depend what the they will let us or not , last year we were we were showing some of the subtitles and because that was were appearing just once . but because there is four hundred high school students , they are able to take pictures of that and they were then sharing that across networks they were laughing at at other teams . so it is it is an risky activity . and that 's a big for us it 's a big opportunity to test that . so that 's the 18th and till 20th march and for that we would highly benefit from having some profanity filtering . so so this is an invitation . this is one of the to do or wanted items to add some filter and f- populated what words that we do n't want to show at all . so it 's it 's not always only bad words it could be just words related to bad topics . so that 's it is top so it 's also the questions what to do of these topics then rather we should removes such words or not . but this is something that we have a months or more for . and we really should work on this . some some censorship upcoding construct . so as you remember on the the day before yesterday were martin ( popelu ) giving ( advering ) talk one czech word which has nothing in relation that was translated as scrotum and so this is exactly the type of word which is bad for high school students . so - so that 's an invitation for for well domain adaptation because we do n't know in part no no in part but kind of - we may know the names of the companies at least and maybe some description live up what is their core bussiness or topic of business . and to that we should adapt because they going to present their companies . and it will be non-native speakers of english . so this is already like a big challenge . and then the filtering of the profanity would be would be ( ? ? ) are useful for that . so and i would like to ask everybody to to say what they did and think about what activity they would like to work on . so maybe atul you can start . ( a ) okay . this week i work on do the collection is business for german and english . and because the from the ger- germans thing of the office i have downloaded 1970 to 1980 pdf files which is extracted which was extracted from the ( tcp ) using texted ocr so just can work in text format . and 15000 sentences is crawled automatic using automatic clover for english and german . from these supreme article this . so and we need i need clean all the data because some duplicate sentences and some other garbage values . so ( member ) vojtech is i think he was busy exams all times . ( ob ) who ? ( s ) vojta . ( ob ) aha , okay . ( a ) sometimes that united interrupted because - so this is the picture . ( ob ) ok , so so what would be your collaboration with vojtech then if you if you were available ? ( a ) so we will - we will use it - ( ob ) he would use it as language model and he would extract the terms from that or - ? ( a ) i do n't know what he is using the tools what is the aplication so it would be nice when we would be - ( ob ) so i did n't catch the details , the numbers . maybe later if you can correct that . but the first which is so far there were mostly in english or only in english or all the languages , that 's a mix of languages ? ( a ) ( ? ? ) english and ( ? ? ) german . ( ob ) so only only english and german . ( a ) little bit . monolingualy . ( ob ) so for the english or for both of them these are languages anyway so there the adaptation by vojtech make sense it 's good to put this into the collection and start organizing the collection . ok , great , so thanks . ( s ) so sangeet updated me yesterday . there was some problem of the - ( ob ) so i think i understood the problem from the comment . so if the idea is that the compress sound goes always to network and is directly decompress before ( begin sent ) . so have you added the required command ? ( s ) yes i could ( interprate ) . it 's there . ( ob ) so sangeet will test it whenever . ( s ) so that 's one thing , second thing . i was looking into that multisource model output ( ? ? ) output ( maryann ) . so i did some thing one that . but one specific question i had was regarding the profanity filtery and give after martins ( ? ? ) . so let it circumstance we had that the that is not actually ( ? ? ) that is not supposed to be a prophane what coming up . ( ob ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) yeah , yeah , so but i believe in the putting up the ( ? ? ) top of list . do you think i mean i do n't think that briefly most effective thing because we would blocking on many ( ? able ) . so better something i would like to ( aplain ) like a like to thinkable . ( ob ) so i have an idea but i do n't know if we have the person for that and the idea is exactly responding to the to the fake that . the list will never be complete and it will contain many word which we actually like would like to have an as the output or as the input . so the idea is here the bad word was created by an error in the translation system . so somehow there was lighter the czech word was `` soupatko '' which is a slider actually and for some reason in some of the corpora this must have been in the same sentence as as the error came from . so it just made up a follow low frequency pattern which was unreliable . so the idea i have in mind is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words so like safe word corpora or safe vocabulary corpora . safe is not in the sense that it 's not bad word but safe in the sense that it has enough occurancies . and i would like to - so this is if we do this type of filtering firstly together a very huge corpus then we need to set up threshold like what was the safe we can work work frequent boundary and then we need to create the corpus which is somehow limited to these words . and that is hard , somewhat , but i think that we could do it monolingualy and use back translation to create the other part . and maybe put out sentences which are ( ? ? ) . there is two ways either we can brought sentences which contain infrequent word infrequent words or we can replace infrequent words in the sentences with some like placeholder things like forgetting . so then we use the rest of the sentence and non just these kept these unknow words . and the third option is to use this filtering on in the monolingual setting only and use backtranslation to get the other side . and we need to evaluate which of these approaches is the best interupt . so all preservation of quality and avoidance of bad words . so this is like a large topic and it 's totaly unlagged to refiltering on the ( fly ) . one further twist in the on the ( fly ) furthering would be like to add words live and we go . so the tool that does this filtering should actually be regularly checking this has appearance some list . so then we can immediately prevent ( ? ? ) respond of them . well in the tok on tuesday martin did n't say `` soupatko '' again so the scrotum did not reappear . but still we would like to have a chance to prevent it from that . so that 's a like a bigger experiment and i would probably find someone new for that one semestr stars from the students but it 's it is an option . okay . so yeah . so your main homework word compression , the the further experiment in word multisource and just this comment on the limitation profanity filtering . okay . thank you . so now maybe ebrahim . ( ebrahim ) so as you may know i finished evaluation framework and it 's ready but maybe for some test maybe i should do some a small changes but i think it 's ready . we ( approved ) that time base and word base segmentation to find the for example where is the may i want to calculated delay i should estimate that time of each word should be the time expected time for each word . so i used two different segmentation for this , one is timebase and second is wordbase anyway everything is almost ready . and now maybe i need something like ( ? ? ) complete files to test it to test our there framework . i prepare a small things myself manualy and it works now . so this is the team and now i me and andrea working on the i and andrea are working on the paper for ( exceptement ) and i think that 's on . so - ( ob ) so the bad thing - peter is on the call . the bad thing is that i have n't heard from ( ? ? ) - a okay . so there is four - i 've received that e-mail yesterday from daniel suchy . the mi corporas the mi corporas has time stamps for word . so we should be able to convert that . so the problematic setting . peter ? are you on the call ? ( p ) yes . ( ob ) so the remember that we have the recorded from mi corporas where your forced alignment totaly fails . and we have the idea of breaking in a small chunks . so realize and then daniel suchy has double checked this corporas actually . ( p ) yeah i have already read a mail . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so i think that it would still be interesting to run your forced alignment of this data and we you can now use the existing time stamps to break the long recording into shorter ones . so that you see whether it like cashes up with these shorter segments . and that is important to know for some future corpora what will not have the time stamps . ( p ) okay . i will looking to that . ( ob ) but for for the evaluation we have now something that we can do ( ? ? ) we will actually sometime . it appears that thursday lunch time is the bad time . last time it was also very noisy in this - . ( ebrahim ) maybe we should do it after lunch or maybe in the morning . ( ob ) yes . it 's i do n't know i do n't know why it 's a case normaly recorders it 's much quieters . ( ebrahim ) but the question ( ? ? ) corpus we had the english and czech parts or only- ( ob ) so no , we have only one recordings translated into czech and german . ( ebrahim ) okay , so it 's a german but we wo n't have do we have english is are we have - ( ob ) yes . we have correct english transcript much large of volume and we have limited file only in czech . ( ebrahim ) okay , and the ( mode ) english it 's time ( stamped ) . ( ob ) yes . ( ebrahim ) okay . ( ob ) this is what something which i did n't realise before because i ( ? ? ) with that like intense enough myself . ( ebrahim ) yes . so in this case i can convert the second we can use it but we can discuss about it later . ( ob ) yeah , okay . so to ( cut ) down , evaluation too is finished . now , why do not - ( ebrahim ) yes , i have a question about this ( board ) files . is there any trajectory to how have together ? ( ob ) no we do n't have that . ( ebrahim ) because unfortunately i 'm not sure i have access to ( ? ? ) . because i have access to some of them because it 's a little bit - so maybe if we can have name of files . it could help someone somebody like me . because i know we have lot of these files now . ( s ) ( ? ? ) create a list of them and then send ( ? ? ) . ( ebrahim ) maybe could help because i\u00b4m confused about this files i can not find to use . ( ob ) so that 's ( ? ? ) . and now let 's move to those who are present remotly . so maybe jonas if you can start ? you understand at all ? ( j ) yes , yes . i have been listening . so i have mainly concentrated on the adaptation of czech asr for martins talk that took place yesterday . so i 've experimented with various technics and especially like domain adaptation of a language model and then acoustic fine tuning on martins talk . so i think that i was quite happy with result then during the presentation as like quite a lot of domain specific words were recognized by the model . so that 's good sign for me that some how works these technics and - yes , right now i 'm working on a next version of the czech asr system that should be trained on even more data . so i 'm preparing this . ( ob ) ok , so remember the thing that i said at the beginning . please enter your achievements also into the google sheets so that thing once for that . whenever you think it something big and i think this the improvement martins talk it 's very good one so definitely deserve to be listed . please let 's make sure you do that . do n't forget . ( j ) yeah , okay . ( ob ) so now let 's move to peter . ( p ) so first question regarding the compression . which kind of compression it is . and it will be applied to all asr systems ? ( ob ) so that 's something that we 're just testing and sangeet said that he would evaluated . sangeet has found the appropriate command flacs so that the audio is compress to mp3 then shiped as mp3 to network and then decompress before being sent to the asr . and the question is what effect does this have on the asr quality . so if the if there is something we can lost of of ( ? ? ) then we do n't want to do it but if it 's like the same then will write to ( ? ? ) because it simply makes the communication more ( abased ) less likely to be to be effected by network long . so sangeet will evaluated soon and he can evaluated with everything and because had already been integrated . and - so so if your assistance - i belive could evaluated yourself as well supportly or if your assistance will be already included and delivered stable output which is the problem that we still have . then sangeet would evaluated for you . ( p ) yeah . jus- because i noticed when i read the paper about librispeech that the recordings were before in mp3 format and then they were actually converted into flac format and then i had to convert it into wav format so and the and the common voice is also in mp3 . so i guess that my systems are actually good with mp3 compression . so that 's the first thing had . the second thing is i was working on the sound segmentation . it 's there is a problem with asr system because some words get cut in the middle . now my systemlooks in the window with a greedy decoding and looks for pauses bef- between words and i have window that must be at least four seconds long and maximum is eight seconds found find the the most probable pause between the words and then i cut the windows there . so this makes the decoding a bit better . i also trained the transformer converting the phonings into graphians and i tested to the settings . but the results were at least for at least for some european parliaments talks they were really bad because the the corpora on which the transform were trade was trained is for casual speak and and fairy tales and so on . so that 's actual translation with the with the transformer was quite bad and the transform-hallucinated some words . it was funny ( laugh ) . and i i sent an e-mail to ota and i have n't received any any comments to to this new segment- to this new windowing from him . so - ( ob ) sorry . so you have already integrated right ? so anybody can tests it at this news . ( p ) no , i had some temporary folder for this hot updates but i need some feedback from ota of how this works with his segmenter . and i will have some more recording from the from yesterday so we can use use this non-native english for some find uniquals our models . ( ob ) okay . so do you estimate that than your segmenter could be operational in the two weeks from now for the monday talk by 17th or even for the dry run sesion of the workshop on the 12th and you can talk . ( p ) i hope so but i have n't heard from ota yet . so i do n't know wheter it works . and the next problem is that the segmentation should be done on speaker separately because when there is some conversation the windows can overlap to speakers and the problem is then then the transformer translate these sentences into nonsense . ( ob ) the problem is that we do n't have speaker diarization on ( fly ) so we simply do not know when there is a speaker change . ( j ) yeah that 's a problem but if if if the talks are only with one speaker then there is no problem with this . ( ob ) so the talks in general are one speaker only but do it also as an for example for the remote calls there conference calls on the interview platform , there each speaker has different chanel so the diarization is there for free and it\u00b4s not not mixed . ( p ) that sould be better and the next problem is that the windows overlaped sentences and this causes some problems too . and i i now i do n't have some- now no solution to this problem . ( ob ) yeah . so so are you waiting for ota also please getting ( dash ) with sangeet because i think that sangeet made be more responsive these days . sangeet is coming back to back to prague on the weekend . who wo n't be available during the ( ? ? ) then may have more time for for that . ( p ) good . i will have new better models by dan so maybe this will work . ( ob ) yeah , okay . thank you . so everybody please review what have in document i was trying to do something but i 'm not perfect i can roll it follow . so the last person we have here today is matus . so i do n't know if the rest of team has ever met you in person . maybe not . matus has already worked on the project last june when he was helping us to put all the ( byplan ) together and - so i just remember that his reimplementation or his treak of the tee programme tee rescue the project because tee was cashing its output . and we need the ( byplans ) to be wilow cashing so we created an modify version and there was there was one of the early sessions . and matus is now in zurich . so he can participate only remotedly and there for also whatever he does has to be like self contain as little interaction with others as as possible . so now matus please let us know what if you have work on anything . i think you work on paraphrasing . so you are in touch with some other colleagues from here who are actually ( ? ? ) today . but in the paraphrasing goal it 's not for elitr that 's for different that 's for different project . so is there anything that you have work on it 's useful for elitr from the subtitling . ( m ) yes , so so far i have only worked on the paraphrasing and actually i just w- i just wanted to say that right now i 'm just waiting for a virtual machine for the paraphrasing server but otherwise it is done and working . otherwise i was planning to work on to work on the division ( ? ? ) of of the levels of of microphone . i know is that still - ( ob ) it is still deleted . ( m ) okay , if it is still deleted then i can then i can started next week . but my first priority was the paraphrasi- was the paraphrasing so i did n't did n't ( ? ? ) yet . ( ob ) so that the problem is that ota is not responding . i remember that i have asked him to check if the virtual machine set up is is reasonable and something like that and then forward to the it department . if you do n't get any response from ota even after the weekend then please make sure to to like treasure ask for that yourself without waiting . ( m ) okay , okay so i do n't have anything interesting to report you right now . ( ob ) yeah . the visualisation of sound it 's something that we will need . this is something that sangeet would check . i think it should be simply and totaly independent process for now which anybody could run to adition to be sound acqusition pipeline and would that see which of the input chanell is receiving what output . so it 's very similar to audacity recording chanells except it is not recording . ( m ) yeah , okay . ou , there is one thing that is n't exactly i do n't know important maybe . but then i just saw it today . and i told you might be interested in it . i saw that there 's any paper from microsoft from december on asr and it is called fastspeech . have you have you seen it ? ( ob ) i heard about it somewhere where have i saw it - ( m ) yeah , so i just try it today and it 's just basicly sais that it\u00b4s like three hundred times faster for asr so so so it could i just told it could actually be used to do asr like on on the spot and it could n't have to be sent and the delay problem could be eliminated . ( ob ) ehmm ( m ) and they also say it is that it is robust and dust nearly eliminates words keeping ( ? ? ) which is also interesting interesting so i can just send it to you if you like . ( ob ) well the question is wheter it is available as ( code ) , it is ? is it ? ( m ) i have n't i have n't get did n't get ( try ) yet . ( ob ) so that in that case that would be obviously interesting so that we would try in our set up . ( m ) yeah , i ( ? ? ) . ( ob ) fastspeech , yeah , it seems like it it should ( ? ? ) . so so again . i think i wanted ( ? ? ) . check if there is code for that and integrate - so that 's that 's it . thank you . ( m ) anyway i do my exams period is ending maybe i would be able to come to prague for for maybe one week or something like that . ( ob ) yeah , okay . and a colleague of mine ask me wheter you are from ko\u0161ice or not and i do n't remember . ( m ) no no . ( ob ) are you ? are you from kos- ( m ) no , i 'm not , i 'm from rozumberok . ( ob ) rozumberok okay . yeah , so that 's different . so , i think that 's we should stop again today it 's then spent more time we wanted . please review this list and please think what you to do from the wanted topics . so that next week we should be meeting at the same time , still thursday and - okay , so what so you prefer friday instead of thursday right ? so should we all then make do a call for a doodle because thing changed for others as well . okay so . ( j ) bye . thank you much . ( m ) bye . ( p ) bye .", "tgt": "ebrahim finished evaluation framework jonas improved domain adaptation and is working on next version of czech asr peter systems are better with mp3 compression instead of flac format fastspeech asr from microsoft better in delay and is robust ( try to download code ) elitr presentation ( 17 . 02 . 2020 ) dry run ( 12 . 02 . 2020 ) test domain adaptation ( 18-20 . 03 . 2020 )"}
{"src": "( ? ? ) ( d ) thanks , it is better ( ? ? ) passing to sangeet . ( s ) so yeah , ( ? ? ) its jonas right ? so . so , for last two weeks i 've been working , i started with training new language model for domain adaptation , ( ? ? ) asr . so now we have , now we can have better ( ? ? ) adaptation , before like meetings and all . secondly i was trying to ( ? ? ) . yeah yeah . ( j ) what tool are you using for the language model adaptation ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) script that was shared by tyson . so i dont think i would understand whats in the . so i just ( ? ? ) and data ( ? ? ) with text data . english text data . and i think that we can have better language model because if we use the , text , like some text data ( ? ? ) . maybe like sentences from his presentation , and if we ( ? ? ) into language ( ? ? ) and build the language model then we can have a adaptation , because until now we were just writing , ( ? ? ) and mapping them to some other words that did not exist in the earlier language model . so this is going to be better . and nextly i was trying to run the , ( ? ? ) docker on u4 machine , and its like ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) with that , so yeah thats like ( ? ? ) , apart from this i also done automatic audio transcription and there were a lot of transcription ( ? ? ) . next i trained new model for czech ( ? ? ) using the czech ( ? ? ) data set and i currently have two models . and they are both , they are both right on the github . depositary ( ? ? ) czech segmenter . apart from that currently i am working on ( ? ? ) to get slt into action . and i 'm also fixing the ( ? ? ) from dominik . and i 'm also planning a new czech segmenter using the data set that user ( ? ? ) jonas ( ? ? ) . and they were like a lot of sentences , so i just took 6 million of them , and lets see how the ( ? ? ) be ( ? ? ) new model . and next i 'm planning to ( ? ? ) models using czech , using czech data , so ( ? ? ) i 'll use czech data . so that 's all from me . for yeah . any questions jonas ? ( j ) regarding the domain adaptation of the language model , we can maybe ( ? ? ) . sometimes i work on kind of similar things for czech . ( a ) sure sure sure sure ( j ) yeah , i i started i think i mentioned it in previous meeting , i worked on like ( ? ? ) like data based ( ? ? ) , so how it worked is that you have some domain ( ? ? ) . and you have large corpus of some other language for example . ( a ) yeah , yeah , yes . ( j ) on the like , domain ( ? ? ) data based ( ? ? ) sentences to your domain . ( ? ? ) like this week . ( ? ? ) work ( ? ? ) model , and a can you hear me ? ( s ) yeah , i can hear you , i had to turn my microphone off to hear you . ( j ) oh okay i see . so yeah , just maybe it could be interesting if we meet and yeah we can try to coordinate the work on the language adaptation together . ( s ) so , ( ? ? ) maybe ( ? ? ) find some time to work ( ? ? ) and actually whats happening inside . and we can make together . ( j ) i would actually be like interested like what toolkit they use for the language modeling or if they have like , their their own um , toolkit for that or if they use for example the ( ? ? ) . so , because i use the kenlm toolkit and there is quite nice option , they have quite good performance in terms of interpolations of different language models , so you dont train only one language model , but you have like some big baseline language model and then you have a some small domain model and you interpolate between them like based on some development set on which you tune the ( ? ? ) city . ( s ) um-hum , yeah , yeah yeah . ( j ) there would be option to ( ? ? ) ngram model , i think it could be interesting as well to try maybe use can lm it give . ( s ) yeah sure , we can discuss more details when we meet in person , and lets see if we can achieve more better language model adaptation . domain adaptation , domain data , and yeah . ( j ) yeah sure . ( s ) okay thats all from me now , atul will speak . ( a ) last week i worked data collection , basically ( ? ? ) , but during when we started translation this week , so i worked some again ( ? ? ) model language data . so right now i 'm working on training , so ( ? ? ) , i am waiting for matus ( ? ? ) . ( d ) which languages ? ( a ) english and french . so right now i have started with german , french . but i 'm ( ? ? ) last week to discuss with matus , because matus is already working on ( ? ? ) translation then , ( ? ? ) record some ( ? ? ) then you 'll start ( ? ? ) translation systems . so i dont see any update from matus , so i am waiting . okay i will send an email to matus . so thats it . ( ? ? ) yes . yes , so now jonas , can you hear us ? ( j ) yes , so , yeah i basically been working on a pipeline i 've connected this sentence embedings that i 've already mentioned with like this subaczech corpus , which is basically a huge corpus of a czech news articles , and there is always headline of the article and a short abstract and then there is full text , so what i 'm doing i got some , like domain sentences and based on these i searched through the abstracts and headlines to find the most like similar articles that match my domain and then i take the full article texts and use them to extend the language model to make the adaptation for that domain so yeah i 'm working on it as part of my diplomathysis so i 'm like have like 5 domains different from each other and um , yeah i 'm trying to do this techniques for each of them . and to see if there are some improvements , actually i measured and seems seems to give seems to give like quite the constant improvements across the domains , so it yeah , i 'm so that was yeah , that was the main i have been working on this week . ( d ) okay thanks . can you write it to the document ? jonas ? ( j ) i will write there . ( d ) so this is mostly for ondrej now . cause we had to , ondrej wants to read it and ( ? ? ) . thank you i think we can you can quit the meeting . if you dont have any questions . so bye ( j ) bye , see you . ( a ) bye bye bye .", "tgt": "new model trained for czech . planning new czech segmenter . discussion about toolkit for language modeling . working on pipeline with sentence embeddings ."}
{"src": "( j ) hello . ( p ) hi all . ( s ) hello everyone . ( p ) can you hear me ? ( j ) yes , i can hear both , you and sangeet . ( s ) yeah , yeah and i can hear everybody . ( p ) so we are alone ? ( s ) yeah people are coming , they 're on their way . ( j ) how are you enjoying the quarantine ? ( p ) not much . ( s ) yeah , i 'm just staying in the room and stha shaving my hair every other week . ( o ) hello , can you hear me ? ( s ) yep , we can hear you . ( p ) yeah . ( o ) aa , excellent , yeah . sorry , i i was in other call . so yeah . let me start , thanks for everybody who has already joined this . and let me start with the important reminder that this surge activity is planned to like distribute some some bonuses among you as as you may remember from january . and for that , in order to distribute these these bonuses i need to know who has worked on what . obviously , we have our these these minutes on the from these calls . but still i would like you to maybe walks to the limits through the through these through these minutes and then list it in the in the table in a concise way . so please do that . i 'll do that myself as well for all of you . like i 'll i 'll double check that i will scan my memory and and thinky file if i have forgotten something or not but please make your like make sure that nothing is forgotten . and then i 'll distribute the points and and we 'll see how that 's translates to money . there will be some issues because the the university afraid of corona virus is , has somehow like prohibited bonuses on in general , but i think that we should be able to go around this . so things are getting complicated . and then i wanted to thank everybody for the iw slt submissions , the work on that . the systems are now in evaluation . i know that mohammad has already provided the outputs in some way and i did n't have the time to look at that . but yep , that will that will happen probably after the weekend . and yeah then the other thing is the uni hack . which is the hackathon , that we will , i sh- i have not yet announced it . but we should we should announce it it 's happening for the public from wednesday evening where there is some choice of topics and actually starting on friday over the extended weekend if you 're going to do various discussions and there will be closing sessions and we would like to test the the subtitling there . so this is just an advertisement for that if you are curious and for sangeet this is actually quite some work to to make sure that the system is is running . and i would also like to to hear from sangeet just a confirmation that he will try again the subtitling or transcript for the wednesday meeting of the prague department . ( s ) yes . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( s ) yeah , definitely i 'll try to sleep in early so that i can ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) there , there is thing which is called alarm clock . ( s ) yeah , i 'll definitely put alarm clock . it 's quite useful when you sleep at like 6 am in the morning . ( o ) oh yes , definitely . yeah , that 's that 's not going to work . okay , yeah . so so that is that is probably everything from me . i 've worked on , well , the iw slt submissions and then the the lectures actually . so for some reason the lectures remote lecturing is getting more and more exhausting . and that 's why i i do n't remember if i did anything specific . yeah . so that 's that 's from me . so now from all of you , what what have you done ? if we can hear mohammad , then we can start with mohammad . if this works . does n't seem so . okay , so i 'll i 'll read for mohammad so he has all the eaf files . yeah , does it work . ok . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so all the eaf files are done , right ? they are in line with the ost files now , correct ? ( m ) yeah . ( o ) ok that 's excellent . thank you . and then , yes , you have created the asr evaluation and you have evaluated s- yeah , okay , so you have so far evaluated only 1 system , right ? the apptech submission by jevgenij matu\u0161ov . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) okay . so it will be good if you could do all the others and actually this is something that i told to to ebrahim . the idea is that within each of the submission directories there is this subdirectory `` as received '' but outside of this as received we can reformat the outputs in in any way which is convenient for us . so please propose unified far format like file naming convention , rename the files as needed . so that every submitter has multiple systems and then with each of these multiple systems we have all the many files . and if this layout will be identical across all the submitters , then you will need just one script . and that 's the point . so i think it 's it 's probably better to do like manual shuffling of the files of the received submissions into this common format and then to have 1 evaluation script for that format . then to create separate scripts which would process the original layout . ( m ) mmm-mm . ( o ) do you do you understand ? ( m ) aaa yeah . ( o ) yeah . and also when doing these this like re- whatever , reshuffling or this this layout adjustment , please commit these adjusted files as well . in many cases this will simply mean that the files are named differently but they have identical contents . and git is so clever that if it the file is identical it will not use any any new space anyway . so make copies , copies are totally cheap in in git repositories . so make copies of the of the files and organize them in a way which is convenient for you to process all of them at once . ( m ) mmm-mm . yeah , i do it . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( m ) i do it . ( o ) yeah , thank you . so that 's that is good progress from from your side . yeah . i do n't know if if there 's anything that you would need to know or if . i i need to revise the the outputs , the scores from jevgenij , but i would like to look at this only once i have all the systems to consider . so because the the numbers will like . i can understand that numbers only in relation with other numbers . so please t- like put now the priority to this . and evaluate all the systems on all the files . ( m ) but ondrej if you ( ? ? ) we can share google docs for problems in submission files and the owners of them can explain or correct them . ( o ) okay , so what are the problems ? so what are what are the problems ? ( m ) for example files are such as- ( o ) say it again , i , yeah it 's the the connection is bad . ( m ) for example format of files , and convert fi- convert files to our format . ( o ) yeah , so i think that in most cases this should be very easy to understand . because you know what the inputs were and you know what the people were doing . we know that for example the this guy from brno hara kri\u0161na harry he did not have any segmenter at all . so provided just the outputs without segmentation . and this is something that we have to evaluate as as it is . that means that we 'll be limited only to the like complete and concatenated scoring . so word error rate for the whole document . and blascore for the whole document , and that 's it . but i think it 's it should be possible for all the submissions to to interpret it to to find it . and and yeah . so well , we have this this document on the test set problems where i 'm listing the problems that i spotted in the reference . use that document also to list the problems of the submissions . and then notify me so that i will try to resolve that . we should first try ourselves and only if we really only if we really struggle , then we should contact the the authors . so i 'll create ehm so problems of submissions . please write them here and i 'll , yeah . yeah , so i 'm just assigning that brand new section to you in in the iw slt test set problems . so please put it there . ok . so you will receive gmail notification . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) okay . so i think this is this is good progress . so let 's now move to another person , sangeet , so . ( s ) yes , so , yeah i was mainly busy with iw slt work with segmenting at jon\u00e1\u0161 's asr outputs and features of asr outputs as was dominik 's . and then apart from that , i think yeah that 's all i did and i did not work yesterday . and this week i plan to retrain text segmentation using increased voc vocabulary and retrained embeddings . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and again the daily testing of czech slt and sensitive value ( ? ? ) yesterday and also matu\u0161 integr- matu\u0161 's mt models will be integrated in embedding testing and again prepare for the coming unihack . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( s ) these are all , these needs these needs to be done this week . ( o ) yeah , okay . so when retraining the segmentor , it will be really good to ehm to use as much data as possible . ( s ) as much data as possible , right ? ( o ) i th- yeah , i would suggest as much data as possible . so let 's or well be better yet you should if if you really have had time the ideal thing would be to like try smaller sizes and larger sizes and see the saturation curve . and if the if the accuracy is steady then there is no point in using more data , but if if it 's still grows then then it 's a good to use more . ( s ) yeah , yeah , so earlier this month i i retrained the text segmentor using a different data set ( ? ? ) some czech data that i got from jon\u00e1\u0161 . and it was pretty bad . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) because i i took of , to get enough of short sentences and enough of long sentences as well , but that did not have much . ( o ) yeah , so the the critical thing is what is that test set . so did the test set has to be in line what we are using this for . and so so please before retraining let 's let 's like ehm let 's have some plan what is what is what should be in the test set . ( s ) exactly , ( ? ? ) because we want we want more segments in our asr outputs so i think we sh- we need to have a smaller segments smaller sentences in the training set as well . ( o ) yeah exactly . and good source could be chang itself but maybe we can use the version 2 point- so the 2 point 0 which is more filtered . in some way . ( s ) point zero . i last i had heard about it is 1 point 7 , which is a filtered version of 1 point 6 . ( o ) yeah and there is 2 point 0 just released for wmt primary by tom kocmi . and it is filtered even further . and it also contains a lot of synthetic parallel tags where one of the sides is always like correct czech . but this is news . so- ( s ) aha , ok . ( o ) i would the the synthetic part . but i would focus i would i would check the the subtitles and and other domains . so i would do some statistics collection on the training data . and i would double check that the training data contains segments short enough as as exactly as you as you say to make sure that that we are cutting it frequently enough . ( s ) yeah , exactly so so let 's let 's first train the current text segmentor using retrained embeddings and let 's observe the results and then the next phase would be to train it with short segments . . ( o ) yeah , okay . that looks that looks good . great . so who else do we have ? we have peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 and atul as well . so let , because i know what peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 have been doing , let me start with atul . so atul , please summarize . ( a ) hi . i have sent you e-mail yeah . regarding the instructions- ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( a ) so i do n't know , maybe you did n't get time for that . ( o ) yeah , exactly that 's it . i did n't get get the time , but please do n't have the the annotators wait . i know again of 1 person who is waiting . ( a ) okay . but i got an e-mail from karolina yes ( ? ? ) she send me back all the files . and i 'll assign another file to her . so i do n't . but , okay , i will follow your suggestion . and i- okay , and last week i as i as mention in my report i worked on on data collection especially in court of european and eurosai . and now i 'm working on ( ? rest ? ) of 22 in languages . so i have already started and maybe i 'll finish tomorrow and then it will be uploaded on github . ( o ) so , yeah sorry , i , someone is shifting the meeting that i have after this so i i was not fully paying attention . you were saying that you have the monolingual data collected for many languages , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) and this is the training data . or this is supposed to be part of the test set . ( a ) ehm , monolingual data is for training . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) and test sets because we had planning as we discussed in the last meeting . and so we we have to co- collect 43 lan- test for the- test data for 43 languages . ( o ) yes . ( a ) so 22 languages are remaining . and 22 non non non eu languages . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) so i 'm collecting rest of the languages . ( o ) you 're collecting the target side monolingual data . yes . ( a ) yes . ( o ) yeah , this should not go to the github repository , just to make sure . the training data should not be version in github because it is it should be big . it should- if it 's not then we have a problem . so it should be inconveniently big for for the github repository . ( a ) so okay , how will i s- ( o ) so where where do you have where do you have the the data for the european languages ? for eu languages . ( a ) in the my , european languages data is available in my ufal system . so . ( o ) yes , exactly . this this , this is the right place . ( a ) yes , ok . ( o ) so , these will appear , so please add the path . ( a ) ok , i will put in path in the i guess , sl data assets , sl data asset . ( o ) yeah . and for the test sets . so so the the monolingual data , the monolingual data can be source of inspiration . but it was be a lot of labour to to improve it to make it parallel as we need the test sets . so for the test sets , the test set should be selected from the parallel data that the people can find . ( a ) yeah , so i got some links from the by the annotators , like for serbian , other languages . so it is already started for ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , so it should be quick . how how far is that ? ( a ) some places it is not very good , because maybe because of the pdf file and the url is not compactable . so but i have to manually check it is working or not . so , i 'm not i 'm not analyzing anything because . but i will check and analyze and let you know what is that . ( o ) okay , so this is , oh , so you have ehm now separated the annotators into individual sheets . i 'm looking at the google google sheets right , for the annotators . ( a ) yes , because it is very easy for me when i assign and when i recieve this and maybe in annotator will also mention an annotator can also mention when he has finished he or she has finish the . ( o ) yeah , okay . if this is convenient for ma- for you , then yeah , why not . so why are there . so far , okay . so the karolina , she has provided 2 files so she 's now working on the second file , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) and that 's , so so we have now as far as i understand only 2 files finished . 1 by daniela and 1 by karolina . and 1 more file in in annotation with karolina , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) this is too little . we really need to , yeah . ( a ) but because we have we finish the 21 eu test set but i like i just with at ekaterina , if i 'm not wrong , in pronunciation . so told me she is work she knows only bul- , russian and serbian languages . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) and so . ( o ) so russi- russian go for russian . we do n't have russian covered . ( a ) okay , but i- ( o ) russian is not eu languages , so . ( a ) but we , it is not available on the . i have not collected yet that data so i ha- i ca n't assign . so , as the reason we are not we have not cleaned rest of the files . i do n't know where is the , where is- ( o ) ( ? ? ) jekaterina jekaterina found that the some of the talks , like minister speeches , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) so please select something from that and have that like- select something . do n't do n't let her wait . ( a ) okay . ( o ) so i know that processing this in the whole would take some more like programmers time . but you can also do some quick props , to to give her something . so do these quick props right now , like send her something , it 's . you should always have a bad feeling when these people are like sitting and not doing anything . ( a ) yeah , i know . because of me it is very bad . people are waiting and . ( o ) so just imagine , it 's like 5 people and except for 1 , they all are waiting in front of your door until you do the task . so that's- ( a ) okay . i will try to figure out how to maybe maybe i will assign new fil- assign file tonight . ( o ) well , not maybe you have to do it . ( a ) yes , sure , sure i will do that . ( o ) so to each of them they really . i think that everybody has suggested some links . ( a ) i got , yes , so like karolina sent me link so i have already collected the data and assign the the files to karolina . and daniela send me again ( ? ? ) test set data to daniela , but not for the jekaterina so , it is my fault , definitely , because i was working on other languages . so , yeah . okay , i will try . ( o ) yeah , i 'm now also opening i 'm now also opening the document elitr test set collection process . so there is these details . there is it , yeah for example iva kop\u0159ivov\u00e1 , yes , the norwegian there is the speeches . seems like a great resource are atul please , so this is this is now waiting for over a month . the norwegian . so this is , so i 'll just a reminding of this unfinished task . and it 's a small task . so iva kop\u0159ivov\u00e1 has been waiting for the input files for a month . she has provided the link and and she has not received anything to review . ( a ) iva kova- but i think i have not . okay i will check iva ko- ( o ) so this is the document that you should be also listing . yeah we also have this michal , yeah . so the belarusian for example . that 's again , there is some document . there was a found translation , this michael pas- paskevi\u010d . we have the the jekaterina the minister of the interviewer . here we know that it is a great website . but do n't process it fully automatically for now give her something . ( a ) okay . ( o ) so to test set this is growing way too slow . and and yeah . so that you- , this this michael for the belarusian , michael paske- pa\u0161kevi\u010d , this is , he is not even in your list . right ? ( a ) actually , i prepared my list because , ehm , ( ? ? ) email so- ( o ) well , you should be reading this this document , this is the document where we invited people to to write about the languages . ( a ) okay . this one , okay . iva kova- ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . so that 's please , really- ( a ) sure , i will follow up your suggestion . ( o ) yeah , the table that you have , the table that you have is is like too ambitious for each of the persons , because it lists if i would share the screen this is like it 's empty sheets and you are planning to have like 24 or how many lines you see on 1 page shipments with 1 person . ehm , so it it 's look , it looks very deserted , it is deserted actually . and that 's not what you wanted . so it 's , yeah . feel free to to work with this layout but make sure to populate it , to send the people the files and collect urls from them . ( ? ? ) ( a ) ok . ( o ) yeah , okay , thank you . ( a ) thank you . ( o ) so that was that was atul . and yep , status of languages for the test set . that 's the the other document . this is here . and i would , i do n't know we we do n't have matu\u0161 right , do we ? ( s ) no . ( o ) yeah , so maybe , maybe sangeet can also help with this . so the monolingual data . as soon as matu\u0161 's models arrive . as soon as you can use them sangeet . either either you or matu\u0161 should should get the monolingual data from atul and do the back translation . so translate from the monolingual data from serbian or from from the auditing documents in in sloven . go into english . and from english into all the target languages . please add the path . so here i will say then atul , atul please add the path and pass this note to sangeet or matu\u0161 to- ( s ) take these monolingual data from atu- atul , right ? ( o ) say it again , sorry ? what was the question ? ( s ) all these monolingual data from from atul ? ( a ) yes yes , i will send path when you will- ( s ) okay . ( o ) yeah . yeah and so the the idea is that the layout we need to discuss this then probably either eith either sangeet or or matu\u0161 , we need to figure out the layout of the data . it 's it is fairly simple it would mean no rocket science just like plain text files . they have to already be sentence segmented . and then sentence wise we need to translate them . this translation should be as much parallel as possible because it is a lot of files . or should be lot of files . this would give us the synthetic parallel data . and these should serve in training of the of the models . ( s ) okay , okay , okay . ( o ) and we have discussed previously with atul that it 's we will go from english into all the target languages . ( a ) languages . ( o ) so that means that the back translation should go from all the many monolingual languages into english . and also we- ( s ) and then 42 . sorry for interruption . ( o ) so , yeah . and then and then we also need to go into english and there we focus on the asr languages . ( s ) sorry , i did n't get this point . so i think you want- ( o ) yeah , so the- ( s ) from 42 languages to- ( o ) so let 's start with the let 's start with the the hard part . that 's all , from each of these 43 languages into english . this is the large portion so let 's start with that . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) so so the goal the goal is to have a large sit parallel corpus english synthetic target mono in 43 languages genuine . yeah . ( s ) okay , okay . ( o ) yeah , okay , great . so so now we still have 10 minutes and not more for and actually we should have stop already for peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 . so quick updates from you . especially things that are important for others on the on the elitr team . so is there anything ? ( s ) so i think today jon\u00e1\u0161 has updated the model and- ( j ) yes , so so i 've updated the asr model so now it 's a much more lightweight and the loading time should be much faster . but yeah , so i am still waiting for some if we can get hands on some adaptation text or some materials and . yeah , i i can run the adaptation . if if we if vojta vojt\u011bch srde\u010dn\u00fd provide some texts if i understood it correctly , that he is trying to get something - ( o ) double check with him . double check with him and vil\u00e9m is the coordinating person . so so that 's talk to talk to vil\u00e9m . and also there is a meeting that will mention some of the organization details the prague ai meeting tomorrow at 4. i wo n't be there because i 'll be i 'll be teaching . but if you wanted to join to learn some of the details then vil\u00e9m will will be joining . vil\u00e9m knows the url . so so he- ( s ) i have- i 'll forward it to jon\u00e1\u0161 . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so there n is like no no need to to take part but it could further , it could provide you a further ideas where to get relevant texts . ( j ) mmm-mm . ( o ) do not await but rather actively check if vojt\u011bch is collecting some texts . okay , good . yeah , that 's great . i 'm i 'm happy about the the asr model faster loading time . one thing that 'll be good if if anyone could do . just to use netcat mainly sangeet but anybody can use netcat to probe whether a port is busy or not . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely . ( o ) so so that before you launch anything . before before the lo- the whole loading of the asr model starts on on sole machines , double check that the selected ports is is free . and and die if it 's not . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely , thank you , thank you for the submisison . ( o ) yeah . so i put here and ehm , sangeet or add jon\u00e1\u0161 test the port with nc before loading asr , right . ok , great . ( j ) yeah , just apart from that i 've started working on the inter speech paper which is due in like 10 days . and yeah , i i 'm try to do some work with anja for like testing some things about summarisation but i it 's not probably relevant for others so . ( o ) so the the meetings that anja has they are again , or could serve as nice test sets . or even domain adaptation data . because this is corrected transcripts . and there is english and czech meetings . ( j ) mmm-mm . ( o ) so getting in touch with anja . meeting recordings have revised transcripts so they could serve for evaluation or adaptation . okay , great . okay , and the last person is peter , right ? ( p ) yes . and i 've been working on the iw slt , the paper and the evaluation of my model so i i did n't do anything apart this . and i i work on my thesis . in the meantime . ( o ) yeah , that good , that that 's important work in any case . i was curious about the onlinesation . which is something which is- so like you should not be distracted too much by work for elitr you should really focus on on the thesis . but how far are we from use usable integration of your models into the pipeline and what are the blockers . this is what i would like to to hear . ( p ) yes . i provided some version of online model of mine , but it was rather naive approach where i derived from the probabilities outputted by the by the acoustic model . pro i derived where the probable splits between the words are and i just used the most probable one in window of 8 seconds . and split it there . so i guess it would be nice to to train the transformer model that comes after the acoustic model . so so that- ( o ) sorry , an interruption from the family , sorry . they they the simply under unable to understand that i 'm at work . ( p ) okay . and and to train the transformer to to give a hints when where are the sentences boundaries . boundaries on the sentences . that that would be nice . but and i i did n't really try to to train the transformer that way . but i can imagine that with some some simple trick with the training data like using only parts of the like . concatenate several sentences together from the training data . and to train the transformer to work on on windows , on continuous windows fr- on the training data . and to . when train the transformer to to predict the- ( o ) the boundaries . ( p ) the boundaries , yes . ( o ) dominik dominik has experiments on this . so dominik is on vacation , like he he work too hard on the iw slt submission he said that he will take a week of . so that 's why he 's not here today . but he has done some experiments on this translation of windows already . ( p ) ok , so- ( o ) so make sure to talk to him . he has the results . i think it way maybe even discussed here below the , in this document . so maybe you ca- if you scan this document there could be links to that . or ask him and when when he 's back in like after the weekend then he will prob- surely provide you with the pointers . ( p ) okay , so i think it 's just about the training of the transformer model . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) and then it will be be much better . ( o ) yeah , so the he compared it with segment level translation and then there was some loss . so in the case where you have the segmentation it 's better to use it . but there was no comparison with the set up where you do n't have the segmentation . so in that case- ( p ) and and he he just used some some clever shuffling of training data or or he does something more more advanced . like if you remember we were discussing continuous spoken language translation . ( o ) that was the goal . so he it was like a running window over the the same document . it was not shuffled data . it was like document windows from a document . ( p ) windows from a document , yes . so that that was my question . yes . ( o ) yeah . okay . so , please get in touch with him to this is . starting to consider window based translation should get in touch with dominik who already work on this , on this and has some results . okay . great . amazing . we are not going to be cut by the automat . by the by the machine . this time , right . so thanks to all for your participation . and . yeah , and see you talk to you next week . right ? but in the mean time there will be the unihack , the hackathon . so there 'll be lot of work for for sangeet at least . and . yeah . ok . thank you . ( a ) thank you . ( p ) thank you . ( o ) thanks , bye bye . ( s ) ondrej , are you here ? ( o ) yeah i 'm still here but it will , we have just 1 minute indeed . 60 seconds . ( s ) yeah , 60 seconds are this much . can anyone guide me to the path from the czech into ( ? ? ) in the meantime like in my usual time i would work on ( ? ? ) get it ready for czech segmenter ? ( o ) to path on the cheng- net data cheng 2 0. and that should be it . so slash net , slash data slash lower case chang 2 0 slash . ( s ) okay okay that 's enough . thank you , thanks a lot . ( o ) okay yeah thanks . bye bye . ( s ) bye .", "tgt": "iw slt submissions , progress so far - systems are in evaluation and output for these has been provided and is awaiting revision and scoring . this will be done only when all systems are available for consideration . all eaf files have been created and are in line with ost files . asr evaluation has been created but only one system was evaluated so far . priority action to take: to evaluate all systems on all files , to propose unified naming convention and identical layout in submission sub-directories to allow for the efficient evaluation of the files through one evaluation script , where this script would be processing all files at the same time . this is to be done outside the \u201c as received \u201d directory . recommendations made: complete and concatenated scoring ( such as word error rate and blascore ) recommended for the submissions that do not follow required format . specific document has been created to list problematic submissions . problems should be primarily resolved in-house . iw slt segmentation , current status: initial retraining did not provide satisfactory results due to lack of sufficient data . focus on retraining of the czech segmenter with integrated mt models and integrated embeddings whilst using as much data as possible ( smaller and bigger size ) and focal point on accuracy and saturation curve performance . it is critical to plan carefully in advance what the test-set is going to be used for and then select test sets accordingly as per the purpose of their intended use . chang version 2.0 pointed out as a great source of filtered data inclusive synthetic parallel tags with correct czech on one side . to make sure that segments in asr files are cut frequently enough and are short enough . decision taken: to proceed with retraining of the current czech segmenter with retrained embeddings , observe results and continue retraining with short segments afterwards . monolingual data collection and back translation target size of monolingual sample data collection is 43 languages , for the purpose of test sets and language retraining . so far 21 have been collected and 22 non-eu languages are still work in progress . problems with data where pdf and url are not compatible . slow progress on the file annotation side , only 2 files annotated so far . prolonged periods of waiting and response time . promptly review received data links and to speed-up allocation of files to avoid keeping annotators waiting for prolonged period of time . data should be made available via ufal system as they are too big for github repository . tests sets are to be selected from the parallel data that can be easily found and accessed . send files to the annotating team and collect urls from them . evening of 28th april 2020 given as a deadline for file allocation to annotators . several team members have been assigned to help with the monolingual data back translation processing . required data format: plain text files , already sentence segmented and as parallel as possible . to translate as much monolingual data as possible into english ( ideally all 43 languages ) , english to all target languages and then focus on asr languages . aim is to have a large parallel corpus in english with synthetic target mono in 43 languages genuine . participants were and to provide concise and detailed input into surge table in reflecting their work on the project up to date . this is to provide justification for bonus payments as some administrative headwinds are anticipated due to unprecedented pandemic situation . asr model has been made more lightweight and has faster response time . before loading asr on the machine , ports to be checked for availability and tested with nc . use netcat to probe if ports are busy . continuous speech translation has been attempted with mixed results , further work to be done on continuous windows translation model . participants have been invited to join following events . the prague ai meeting on 29th april at 16:00 cet . hackathon organised by the university starting for the public from wednesday 29th april 2020 throughout the extended weekend till 3rd may 2020 . subtitling will be tested during this event . confirmation was given that subtitling and / or transcripts will be provided for the meeting of ai prague department on wednesday 29th april 2020 ."}
{"src": "( j ) hello . ( p ) hi all . ( s ) hello everyone . ( p ) can you hear me ? ( j ) yes , i can hear both you and sangeet . ( s ) yeah , yeah and i can hear you all . ( p ) so we are alone ? ( s ) yeah people are coming ( ? ? ) . ( j ) how are you enjoying the quarantine ? ( p ) not much . ( s ) yeah , i 'm just staying in the room and ( ? ? ) every other week . ( o ) hello , can you hear me ? ( s ) yep , we can hear you . ( p ) yeah . ( o ) aa , excellent , yeah . sorry , i was in other call . so yeah . let me start , thanks for everybody who has already joined this . and let me start with the important reminder that this surge activity is planned to like distribute some some bonuses among you as as you may remember from january . and for that , in order to distribute these these bonuses i need to know who ha worked on what . obviously , we have our these these minutes on the from these calls . but still i would like you to maybe walks to the limits through the through these through these minutes and then list it in the in the table in the consize way . so please do that . i 'll do that myself as well for all of you . like i 'll i 'll double check that i will scan my memory and and thinky file if i have forgotten something or not but please make your like make sure that nothing is forgotten . and then i 'll distribute the points and we 'll see how that 's translate to money . there will be some issues because the the university afraid of corona virus has somehow like prohibited bonuses on in general , but i think that we should be able to go around this . so things are getting complicated . and then i wanted to thank everybody for the edible slt submissions , the work on that . the systems are now in evaluation . i know that mohammad has already provided the outputs in some way and i did n't have the time to look at that . but yep , that will that will happen probably after the weekend . and yeah then the other thing is the uni hack . which is the hackhaton , that we will , i sh- i have not yet announced it . but we should we should announce it it 's happening for the public from wednesday evening where there is some choice of topics and actually starting on friday over the extended weekend if you 're going to do verys discussions and there will be ( ? ? ) and we would like to test the the subtitling there . so this is just an advertisment for that if you are curious and for sangeet this is actually quite some work to to make sure that the system is is running . and i would also like to to hear from sangeet just a confirmation that he will try again the subtitling or transcript for the wednesday meeting of the prague department . ( s ) yes . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( s ) yeah , definitely i 'll try to ( ? ? ) ( o ) there is thing which is called alarm clock . ( s ) ( ? ? ) when you sleep like 6 am in the morning . ( o ) oh yes , definitely . yeah , that 's that 's not going to work . ok yeah . so so that is that is probably everything from me . i 've worked on , well , the edible slt submissions and then the the lectures actually . so for some reason the lectures remote lecturing is getting more and more exhausting . and that 's why i i do n't remember if i did anything specific . yeah . so that 's that 's from me . so now from all of you , what what have you done ? if we can hear mohammad then we can start with mohammad . if this works . does n't seem so . ok so i 'll i 'll read for mohammad so he has all the eaf files . yeah , does it work . ok . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) so all the eaf files are done , right ? they are in line with the ost files now , correct ? ( m ) yeah . ( o ) ok that 's excellent . thank you . and then , yes , you have created the asr evaluation and you have evaluated s- yeah , ok , so you have so far evaluated only 1 system , right ? the ( ? ? ) submission by ( ? ? ) matu\u0161ov . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) ok . so it will be good if you could do all the others and actually this is something that i told to to ebrahim . the idea is that within each of the submission directories there is this subdirectory as recieved but outside of this as recieved we can reformat the outputs in in any way which is convenient for us . so please propose unified far format like file naming convention , rename the files as needed . so that every submitter has multiple systems and then with each of these multiple systems we have all the many files . and if this layout will be identical across all the submitters , then you will need just one script . and that 's the point . so i think it 's it 's probably better to do like manual shuffling of the files of the recieved submissions into this common format and then to have 1 evaluation script for that format . then to create separate scripts which would process the original layout . ( m ) mmm-mm . ( o ) do you do you understand ? ( m ) aaa yeah . ( o ) yeah . and also when doing these these like re- whatever , reshuffling or this this layout adjustment , please commit these adjusted files as well . in many cases this will simply mean that the files are named differently but they have identical contents . and git is so clever that if it the file is identical it will not use any any new space anyway . so make copies , copies are totally cheap in in git repositories . so make copies of the of the files and organize them in a way which is convenient for you to process all of them at once . ( m ) mmm-mm . yeah , i do it . ( o ) yeah , ok . yeah , thank you . so that 's that is good progress from from your side . yeah . i do n't know if if there 's anything that you would need to know or if . i i need to revise the the outputs , the scores from jevgeny but i would like to look at this only once i have all the systems to consider . so because the the numbers will like . i can understand that numbers only in relation with other numbers . so please t- like put now the priority to this . and evaluate all the systems on all the files . ( m ) but ondrej if you ( ? ? ) we can share google docs for ( ? ? ) in submission files and the owners of them can explain or correct them . ( o ) ok , so what are the problems . so what are what are the problems ? ( m ) for example files are ( ? ? ) ( o ) say it again , i , yeah it 's the connection is bad . ( m ) for example ( ? ? ) convert fi- convert files to our format . ( o ) yeah , so i think that in most cases this should be very easy to understand . because you know what the inputs were and you know what the people were doing . we know that for example the this guy from brno hara kri\u0161na harry he did not have any segmenter at all . so provided just the outputs without segmentation . and this is something that we have to evaluate as as it is . that means that we 'll be limited only to the like complete and concatenated scoring . so word error rate for the whole document . and blascore for the whole document , and that 's it . but i think it 's it should be possible for all the submissions to to interpret it to to find it . and and yeah . so well , we have this this document on the test set problems where i 'm listing the problems that i spotted in the reference . use that document also to list the problems of the submissions . and then notify me so that i will try to resolve that . we should first try ourselves and only if we really only if we really struggle , then we should contact the the authors . so i 'll create ehm so problems of submissions . please write them here and i 'll , yeah . yeah , so i 'm just assigning that brand new section to you in in the edible slt test set problems . so please put it there . ok . so you will recieve gmail notification . ( m ) yeah . ( o ) ok . so i think this is this is good progress . so let 's now move to another person , sangeet , so . ( s ) yes , so , i was mainly busy with edible slt quit segmenting at jon\u00e1\u0161 's asr outputs and ( ? ? ) as dominik 's . and then apart from that i think yeah that 's all i did and i did not work yesterday . and this week i plan to retrain text segmention using ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and again ( ? ? ) testing of czech slt and ( ? ? ) and also matu\u0161 inte- matu\u0161 's mt models will be integrated ( ? ? ) prepare for ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( s ) these are all , these needs these needs to be done this week . ( o ) yeah , ok . so when retraining the segmentor it will be really good to ehm to use as much data as possible . ( s ) as much data as possible , right ? ( o ) i th- yeah , i would suggest as much data as possible . so let 's or well better yet you should if if you really have had time the ideal thing would be to like try smaller sizes and larger sizes and see the saturation curve . and if the if the accuracy is steady then there is no point in using more data , but if if it 's still grows then then it 's a good to use more . ( s ) yeah , yeah , so earlier this month i i retrained the text segmentor using a different data set ( ? ? ) that i got from jon\u00e1\u0161 . and it was pretty bad . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) because i i ( ? ? ) to get enough of short sentences and enough of long sentences as well , but that did not have much . ( o ) yeah , so the the critical thing is what is that test set . so did the test set has to be in line what we are using this for . and so so please before retraining let 's let 's like ehm let 's have some plan what is what is what should be in the test set . ( s ) exactly , ( ? ? ) because we want we want more segments in our asr outputs so i think we sh- we need to have a smaller segments smaller sentences in the train set as well . ( o ) yeah exactly . and good source could be chang itself but maybe we can use the version 2 point- so the 2 point 0 which is more filtered . in some way . ( s ) point zero . last i had ( ? ? ) which is a filtered version of 1 point 6 . ( o ) yeah and there is 2 point 0 just released for wmt primary by tom kocmi . and it is filtered even further . and it also contains a lot of synthetic parallel tags where one of the sides is always like correct czech . but this is news . so- ( s ) aha , ok . ( o ) i would the the synthetic part . but i would focus i would i would check the the subtitles and other domains . so i would do some statistics collection on the training data . and i would double check that the training data contains segments short enough as as exactly as you as you say to make sure that that we are cutting it frequently enough . ( s ) yeah , exactly so so let 's let 's first train the current text segmentor using ( ? ? ) and let 's observe that ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , ok . that looks that looks good . great . so who else do we have ? we have peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 and atul as well . so let , because i know what peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 have been doing , let me start with atul . so atul please summarize . ( a ) hi . i have sent you e-mail regarding the instructions- ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( a ) so i do n't know , maybe you did n't get time for that . ( o ) yeah , exactly that 's it . i did n't get get the time , but please do n't have the the annotators wait . i know again of 1 person who is waiting . ( a ) ok . but i got an e-mail from karolina ( ? ? ) she send me back all the files . and i assign another file to her . so i don't but , ok , i will follow your ( ? ? ) and i- ok , last week i as i as mention in my report i worked on on data collection especially in court of european and eurosai . and now i 'm working on rest of 22 in languages . so i have already started and maybe i 'll finish tomorrow and then it will be uploaded on github . ( o ) so , yeah sorry , i , someone is ( ? ? ) meeting that i have after this so i i was not fully paying attention . you were saying that you have the monolingual data collected for many languages , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) and this is the training data . or this is suppose to be part of the test set . ( a ) ehm , monolingual data is for training . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) and test sets because we had planning as we discuss in the last meeting . and so we we have to co- collect 43 lan- test for the- test data for 43 languages . ( o ) yes . ( a ) so 22 languages are remaining . and 22 non non non eu languages . ( o ) yeah . ( a ) so i 'm collecting rest of the languages . ( o ) you 're collecting the target side monolingual data . yes . ( a ) yes . ( o ) yeah , this should not go to the github repository , just to make sure . the training data should not be version in github because it is it should be big . it should- if it 's not then we have a problem . so it should be inconveniently big for for the github repository . ( a ) so ok , how will i s- ( o ) so where where do you have where do you have the the data for the european languages ? for eu languages . ( a ) in the my , european languages data is available in my ufal system . so . ( o ) yes , exactly . this this , this is the right place . ( a ) yes , ok . ( o ) so , these will appear , so please add the path . ( a ) ok , i will put in path in the i guess , sl data assets , sl data asset . ( o ) yeah . and for the test sets . so so the the monolingual data , the monolingual data can be source of inspiration . but it was be a lot of labour to to improve it to make it parallel as we need the test sets . so for the test sets , the test set should be selected from the parallel data that the people can find . ( a ) yeah , so i got some links from the by the annotators , like ( ? ? ) other languages . so it is already started for ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , so it should be quick . how how far is that ? ( a ) some places it is not very good , because maybe because of the pdf file and the url is not compactable . so but i have to manually check it is working or not . so , i 'm not i 'm not analyzing anything because . but i will check and analyze and let you know what is that . ( o ) ok , so this is , oh , so you have ehm now separated the annotators into individual sheets . i 'm looking at the google google sheets right , for the annotators . ( a ) yes , because it is very easy for me when i assign and when i recieve this and maybe in annotator will also mention an annotator can also mention when he has finished he or she has finish the . ( o ) yeah , ok . if this is convenient for ma- for you , then yeah , why not . so why are there . so far , ok . so the karolina , she has provided 2 files so she 's now working on the second file , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) and that 's , so so we have now as far as i understand only 2 files finished . 1 by daniela and 1 by karolina . and 1 more file in in annotation with karolina , right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) this is too little . we really need to , yeah . ( a ) but because we have we finish the 21 eu test set but i like i just ( ? ? ) at katarina , if i 'm not wrong , in pronounciation . so ( ? ? ) russian and serbian languages . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) and so . ( o ) so russi- russian go for russian . we do n't have russian covered . ( a ) ok , but i- ( o ) russian is not eu languages , so . ( a ) but we , it is not available on the . i have not collect it that data so i ha- i ca n't assign . so , ( ? ? ) we have not clean rest of the files . i do n't know where- ( o ) ( ? ? ) jekaterina jekaterina found that the some of the talks , like minister speeches right ? ( a ) yes . ( o ) so please select something from that and have that like- select something . do n't do n't let her wait . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so i know that processing this in the whole would take some more like programmers time . but you can also do some quick props , to to give her something . so do these quick props right now , like send her something , it 's . you should always have a bad feeling when these people are like sitting and not doing anything . ( a ) yeah , i know . because of me it is very bad . people are waiting and . ( o ) so just imagine , it 's like 5 people and except from 1 , they all are waiting in front of your door until you do the task . so that's- ( a ) ok . i will try to figure out how to maybe maybe i will assign your fil- assign file tonight . ( o ) well not maybe you have to do it . ( a ) yes , sure , sure i will do that . ( o ) so to each of them they really . i think that everybody has suggested some links . ( a ) i got , yes , so like karolina sent me link so i have already collected the data and assign the the files to karolina . and daniela send me again ( ? ? ) tested data to daniela , but not for the jekaterina so , it is my fault , definitely , because i was working on other languages . so , yeah . ok , i will try . ( o ) yeah , i 'm now also opening i 'm now also opening the document elitr test set collection process . so there is these details . there is it , yeah for example iva kop\u0159ivov\u00e1 , yes , the norwegian there is the speeches . ( ? ? ) like a great resource are atul please , so this is this is now waiting for over a month . the norwegian . so this is , so i 'll just a reminding of this unfinished task . and it 's a small task . so iva kop\u0159ivov\u00e1 has been waiting for the input files for a month . she has provided the link and and she has not recieved anything to review . ( a ) ( ? ? ) but i think i have not . ok i will check iva ko- ( o ) so this is the document that you should be also listing . yeah we also have this michal , yeah . so the byelorussian for example . that 's again , there is some document . there was a found translation , this michael pas- paskevi\u010d . we have the the jekaterina the minister of the interviewer . here we know that it is a great website . but do n't process it fully automatically for now give her something . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so to test set this is growing way too slow . and and yeah . so that you- , this this michael for the byelorussian , michael paske- pa\u0161kevi\u010d , this is , he is not even in your list . right ? ( a ) actually , i prepared my list because , ehm , ( ? ? ) so- ( o ) well , you should be reading this this document , this is the document where we invited people to to write about the languages . ( a ) ok . this one , ok . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . so that 's please , really- ( a ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , the table that you have , the table that you have is is like too ambitious for each of the persons , because it lists if i would share the screen this is like it 's empty sheets and you are planning to have like 24 or how many lines you see on 1 page shipments with 1 person . ehm , so it it 's look , it looks very deserted , it is deserted actually . and that 's not what you wanted . so it 's , yeah . feel free to to work with this layout but make sure to populate it , to send the people the files and collect urls from them . ( ? ? ) ( a ) ok . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . ( a ) thank you . ( o ) so that was that was atul . and yep , status of languages for the test set . that 's the the other document . this is here . and i would , i do n't know we we do n't have matu\u0161 right , do we ? ( s ) no . ( o ) yeah , so maybe , maybe sangeet can also help with this . so the monolingual data . as soon as matu\u0161 's models arrive . as soon as you can use them sangeet . either either you or matu\u0161 should should get the monolingual data from atul and do the back translation . so translate from the monolingual data from serbian or from from the auditing documents in in sloven . go into english . and from english into all the target languages . please add the path . so here i will say then atul , atul please add the path and pass this note to sangeet or matu\u0161 to- ( s ) take these monolingual data from atu- atul , right ? ( o ) say it again , sorry ? what was the question ? ( s ) all these monolingual data from ( ? ? ) ( a ) yes yes , i will send path when you will- ( s ) ok . ( o ) yeah . yeah and so the the idea is that the layout we need to discuss this then probably either either sangeet or or matu\u0161 , we need to figure out the layout of the data . it 's it is fairly simple it would mean no rocket science just like plain test files . they have to already be sentence segmented . and then sentence wise we need to translate them . this translation should be as much parallel as possible because it is a lot of files . or should be lot of files . this would give us the synthetic parallel data . and these should serve in training of the of the models . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . ( o ) and we have discussed previously with atul that it 's we will go from english into all the target languages . ( a ) langauges . ( o ) so that means that the back translation should go from all the many monolingual languages into english . and also we- ( s ) and then 42 . sorry for interruption . ( o ) so , yeah . and then and then we also need to go into english and there we focus on the asr languages . ( s ) sorry , i did n't get this point . so- ( o ) yeah , so the- ( s ) from 42 languages to- ( o ) so let 's start with the let 's start with the the hard . that 's all , from each of these 43 languages into english . this is the large portion so let 's start with that . ( s ) ok , ok . ( o ) so so the goal the goal is to have a large sit parallel corpus english synthetic target mono in 43 languages genuin . yeah . ( s ) ok , ok . ( o ) yeah , ok , great . so so now we still have 10 minutes and not more for and actually we should have stop already for peter and jon\u00e1\u0161 . so quick updates from you . especially things that are important for others on the on the elitr team . so is there anything ? ( s ) so i think today jon\u00e1\u0161 has updated the model and- ( j ) yes , so so i 've updated the asr model so now it 's a much more light ( ? ? ) and the loading time should be much faster . but yeah , so i am still waiting for some if we can get hands on some adaptation text or some materials and . yeah , i i can run the adaptation . if if we if vojta vojt\u011bch srde\u010dn\u00fd provide some texts if i understood it correctly , that he - ( o ) double check with him . double check with him and vil\u00e9m is the coordinating person . so so that 's talk to talk to vil\u00e9m . and also there is a meeting that will mention some of the organization details the prague ai meeting tomorrow at 4. i wo n't be there because i 'll be i 'll be teaching . but if you wanted to join to learn some of the details then vil\u00e9m will will be joining . vil\u00e9m knows the url . so so he- ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yeah . so there is like no no need to to take part but it could further , it could provide you a further ideas where to get relevant texts . ( j ) mmm-mm . ( o ) do not await but rather actively check if vojt\u011bch is collecting some texts . ok , good . yeah , that 's great . i 'm i 'm happy about the the asr model faster loading time . one thing that 'll be good if if anyone could do . just to use netcat mainly sangeet but anybody can use netcat to probe whether a port is busy or not . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely . ( o ) so so that before you launch anything before before the lo- the whole loading of the asr model starts on on soul machines , double check that the selected ports is free . and and die if it 's not . ( s ) yeah , yeah , definitely , thank you , thank you for the submisison . ( o ) yeah . so i put here and ehm , sangeet or add jon\u00e1\u0161 test the port with nc before loading asr , right . ok , great . ( j ) yeah , just apart from that i 've started working on the inter speech paper which is due in like 10 days . and yeah , i i 'm try to do some work with anja for like testing some things about summarization but i it 's not probably relevant for others so . ( o ) so the the meetings that anja has they are again , or could serve as nice test sets . or even domain adaptation data . because this is corrected transcripts . and there is english and czech meetings . ( j ) mmm-mm . ( o ) so getting in touch with anja . meeting recordings have revised transcripts so they could serve for evaluation or adaptation . ok , great . ok , and the last person is peter , right ? ( p ) yes . and i 've been working on the edible slt , the paper and the evaluation of my model so i i did n't do anything apart this . and i i work on my thesis . in the meantime . ( o ) yeah , that good , that that 's important work in any case . i was curious about the onlinezation . which is something which is- so like you should not be distracted too much by work for elitr you should really focus on on the thesis . but how far are we from use usable integration of your models into the pipeline and what are the blockers . this is what i would like to to hear . ( p ) yes . i provided some version of online model of mine but it was rather naive approach where i derive from the probabilities outputs by the by the acustic model . pro i derive where the probables splits between the words r and i just use the most probable one in window of 8 seconds . and split it there . so i guess it would be nice to to train the transformer model that comes after the acustic model . so so that- ( o ) sorry , an interruption from the family , sorry . they they the simply under unable to understand that i 'm at work . ( p ) ok . and and to train the transformer to to give a hints when where are the sentences boundaries . boundaries on the sentences . that that would be nice . but and i i did n't really try to to train the transformer that way . but i can imagine that with some some simple trick with that training data like using only parts of the like . concatenate several sentences together from the training data . and to train the transformer to work on on windows , on continuous windows fr- on the training data . and to . when train the transformer to to predict the- ( o ) the boundaries . ( p ) the boundaries , yes . ( o ) dominik dominik has experiments on this . so dominik is on vacation , like he he work too hard on the edible slt submission he said that he will take a week of . so that 's why he 's not here today . but he has done some experiments on this translation of windows already . ( p ) ok , so- ( o ) so make sure to talk to him . he has the results . i think it way maybe even discussed here below the , in this document . so maybe you ca- if you scan this document there could be links to that . or ask him and when when he 's back in like after the weekend then he will prob- surely provide you with the pointers . ( p ) ok , so i think it 's just about the training of the transformer model . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) and then it will be be much better . ( o ) yeah , so the he compare it with segment level translation and then there was some loss . so in the case where you have the segmentation it 's better to use it . but there was no comparison with the set up where you do n't have the segmentation . so in that case- ( p ) and and he he just used some some clever shuffling of training data or or he does something more more advanced . like if you remember we were discussing continuous spoken language translation . ( o ) that was the goal . so he it was like a running window over the the same document . it was not shuffled data . it was like document windows from a document . ( p ) windows from a document , yes . so that that was my question . yes . ( o ) yeah . ok . so please get in touch with him to this is . starting to consider window based translation should get in touch with dominik who already work on this , on this and has some results . ok . great . amazing . we are not going to be cut by the automat . by the by the machine . this time , right . so thanks to all for your participation . and . yeah , and see you talk to you next week . right ? but in the mean time there will be the uni hack , the hackaton . so there 'll be lot of work for for sangeet at least . and . yeah . ok . thank you . ( a ) thank you . ( p ) thank you . ( o ) thanks , bye bye . ( s ) ondrej , are you here ? ( o ) yeah i 'm still here but it will , we have just 1 minute indeed . 60 seconds . ( s ) yeah , 60 seconds are this much . ( ? ? ) from czech into ( ? ? ) in the meantime like in my usual time i would work on ( ? ? ) ready for czech segmentor ? ( o ) to path on the cheng- net data cheng 2 0. and that should be it . so slash net , slash data slash lower case chang 2 0 slash . ( s ) ok ok that 's enough . thank you , thanks a lot . ( o ) ok yeah thanks . bye bye . ( s ) bye .", "tgt": "fill in papers for bonuses . mohammad - manual shuffling of the files in git . retraining segmentor . atul 's work - data collection . send data to annotators immediately . back translation . jon\u00e1\u0161 's updated model . prague ai meeting . interspeech . peter - transforming model . finding sentence boundaries ."}
{"src": "( o ) so chiara , wan- ( c ) ( ? ? ) or hear . ( o ) okay , yeah , yeah . ( c ) he was just curious . tell me . ( o ) yeah , so dominik has sent the overleaf , well one overleaf link , and also the link to the github prepositary where we have the template is normal directory . and i 'm now trying to fix the the program in overleaf . you were also looking at the overleaf , right ? yes , ( c ) yes . ( o ) i and i guess it also does n't compile for you ( c ) exactly . ( o ) so i 'll try to figure out what 's wrong here , because it 's , it works kind of on my machine . so i 'll first disable cleveref that 's one auction . i tried disabling cleveref which should release lead to some new errors . but the question is whether you can also , whether you are happy to work like without the overleaf interface with this , i guess it is it should be not a big problem for you . ( c ) no it 's not , ehm , for us the main scoop of this meeting , should be to define a kind of structure of the deliverable documents ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( c ) at the first sight . i was um i. i i was wrong . but actually , i intended that the documents should be only on the presentation platform , because they are ( ? ? ) publishing platform . but actually , then please confirm me . we have to put them also the cuni presentation platform , and the alphaview presentation platform , in the documents . ( o ) i 'm not sure about the alphaview presentation platform . but i 'm sure that we do want to include our platform there . ( c ) okay . ( o ) and so i 'm , i 'm sure . so dominik wha- wh- what the heck , which file has dominik chosen as the as the source . as the source thing to test this . i 'm trying now to fix the , so that we can directly use the overleaf , ehm . ( c ) okay , nice . ( o ) that would be good if it if it actually worked , uh , so the the reload . i 'm not sure if it will work or not . ( ? ? ) not connected ? mmm . the only thing that i can do is , and it 's the it 's , the overleaf is somehow strange . so we can for now , we can use it as as a plain text editor . ( c ) no problem . ( o ) so if you can scroll , to where i am , yep , so executive summary . page break yeah . this , if you can click on my , in overleaf , if you click on my icon . ( c ) okay . ( o ) next to me , ab review button then , yes , yes , ( c ) okay . ( o ) yes , so this is this is a sharespace , this is the sharespace that we can use to uh , to discuss the structure . ( c ) perfect . ( o ) so so the the so the deliverable sumarizes presentation platforms of live , transcript . ( c ) yeah do n't worry to do that . ( o ) it does n't even type . yeah , okay . so there is , i think that overleaf has some serious troubles . trancsript , translations , yeah . so let 's use simple simple item , so there will be pv subtitle like platform . ( ? ? ) paragraph platform , and remember to re-use the text already written in this . ( c ) we definitely use the acl paragraphs . ( o ) yeah , so that 's a , that 's a good question about the alphaview presentation . let 's look at the deliverable . it 's too bad , that i- one , two , three , four just joined . ( ? ? ) but it 's probably does n't work for him . ( ? another language ? ) ( c ) hi . ( ot ) sorry . it works from this one , two , three four , it 's me from the phone . ( o ) yeah , yeah , okay . ( ot ) connect from the laptop , but i already was in this you know application , so i wonder what the problem is , sorry for that . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) no problem . ( o ) you made it . so we are now in the overleaf , which dominik has sent the url for . so if you check you email . ( ot ) yeah . ( o ) and there is this overleaf link . and in in in says it does n't compile . and actually it is called still d00 deliverable template . let 's not bother with that . let 's simply use it as , like , use it as our deliverable , and then we will , once we get it compiling we will make it again the template . so please open that link anyway . and we can , what we can do , share . no , we do n't have the permissions . so , maybe maybe this . ( ot ) i have for our four zero four error in web page . ( o ) do you see the chat , do you see the chat window ? try the link in the chat window . ( ot ) where is the chat window ? yeah , okay . ( o ) yeah , okay , great , so then if you click on our icons , either mine or or chiara 's . you will also get your cursor next to the us , it 's on the top ab review , and next to that there is , there is . ( ot ) yeah , i see . ( o ) yeah , so click ( ? ? ) . now you see where we are . so we can discuss the structure of this deliverable , and you already know the acl demo paper , so definitely please read that , and i think , so it is important to describe not only the the end users like what the user sees , but also to describe the internals in some way . so like what is behind the scenes . i know that pervoice probably does n't want to disclose some of these things . we probably do not mind that much if we disclose more on our implementation . so , yeah , please just , it 's important to see what we have done ( ot ) um-hum . ( c ) well , i just asked the about the possibility to share internals , and it should n't be a problem we should . we can do it . of course . ( o ) okay . ( c ) arrange the meaningfully information to be shared . but of course , in the scope of the project and descended it 's important to explain why why it works . ( o ) yeah , so , so that 's an important thing , this deliverable is going to be i 'm scrolling , well it does n't say so , but we need to follow , the requirements in the description of work and the d platform updates , the six , is it publishing platform it 's called demonstrator . and it 's for public , so this publishing platform deliverable , this text will be public . which will be publicly available on the elitr website . ( c ) okay , okay . ( o ) so that 's , yeah . so these six one existing . ( ? ? ) web based publishing platform be developed , so if you are looking i 'll copy that . so this is the description of what we are going to be checked against . from ( ? ? ) . it is says there is this task , it does n't work . yeah . there is this task . and then there is this deliverable . so in the says that the alphaview platform , needs to be included . ( c ) in fact . ( o ) in fact , yes . so please talk to , it should not be too difficult for alphaview either , because they need one screenshot , which was already available in some preliminary version for the review , review meeting , if you remember , if you still have the slides . ( c ) yes . ( o ) then there was this screenshot , and that with some description should be sufficient . and so this alphaview . what is that live transcript tab . screenshot and description . ( c ) who is our intermediator with alphaview , i should talk with ( ? ? ) . ( o ) that 's always difficult . so i always email i think adelheid is , adelheid and armin , that always need too long time to contact the the people who actually know . and franz is the one who knows most . so that's- ( c ) okay , i will email all of them . ( o ) yeah , please email all of them and say , and please tell them that actually , we are quite late with the preparation . because it has to be internally reviewed and normally we give ourselves two weeks , which is today . so , and we probably do n't have anyone to , anyone who would 've volunteered to review this . i 'm checking in the continuous reporting . publishing platform , it is jumping too much . yeah , we do n't have anyone to revi- , yeah , so i 'll push you chiara , i 'm now looking at the google sheet , i 'll again paste the link so that you can easily get it to the chat window . so this the continuous reporting google sheet . and , in the google sheet i 'll put , the link to the source which is here . and then i 'll put chiara as the main . chiara canton . as the main person . and then we need the reviewer . so , who could we ask , it ideally someone from edinburgh . or someone from carlsruhe , so i 'll email those . and i 'll tell them , so the , when could you two have it , because you two are , you two are providing most of the content , and the more important content , the alphaview wo n't tell any any details anyway . ( c ) well , i have a ( ? ? ) of course i have several internal documents describing , for example , the architecture , the function analyses . and so on , i was just to arrange something in order to summarize . informations , i will spend the today afternoon . ( o ) mm-hmm . ( c ) preparing , i will be really happy if overleaf documents start compiling but it 's not problem . ( o ) yes . yes , yep . yep . ( c ) problem , for us is important . but uh , i think that it 's important to have a kind of the same structure for all three platforms . to say that , yes , we are working- ( o ) on all of those . ( c ) simply check . and , but i will spend the afternoon putting the info inside , and also on monday , well actually we are really ( ? ? ) to them , deliverables , so do n't worry . we will do it as fast as possible . we are also preparing trying to prepare at least , the acl paper . ( o ) and the progress to the template . not acl , eamt . ( c ) yes , sorry the elg document . ( o ) so there is yes , there were too many things to discuss at once . i think that , so well , what was the documents . i think there was eamt demo paper . that was one thing ( c ) um-hum . the , it was the elg the one suggested from uedin . the workshop . ( o ) yeah , the workshop at ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yes , we are working , trying to figure something goes for these kinds of publication , and we will ask your feedback next week for sure . ( o ) um-hum , okay . i 'm trying to locate the details of that . so . and there is , that 's what barry said , so eamt , february 21 . that 's the elg we should submit , so that 's the thing . yep , so that deadline is very very soon . the deadline is , we have just a week . i do n't think it would be a problem . ( c ) is optional at least , the deliverable instead not . ( o ) yeah , exactly . yeah . so i think that the ideally , we should have our full content ready by wednesday . ota , is that also feasible for you ? ( ot ) yeah , i think so . ( o ) so that would get us like two days to , so we could reuse that for the for the paper for elg and ota you were not on the not on the call . so i 'll add you . ( ot ) which call ? ( o ) on that was discussed on the elitr call , so i 'm and remote call the standard consortium wide thing . so ota here are the deadlines for the two well user style work shops where we want to reuse reuse the content of the six one . so i 've just emailed you , i 've assigned it to you its its a google assigment in a google doc and it has links to , those menus , not links sometimes not links sometimes only descriptions . ok , so we should ask barry and phil , and , yeah , i 'm emailing colleagues in edinburgh , and carlsruhe who of them could review the the deliverable . and i 'll ask them , if they could do it towards the end of next week . with the hope that you will have that the content ready . and i think its its definitely feasible for chiara . and its also will very likely feasible for ota , because you already have some of the documentation ready . and it does n't have to be like for , documentation . ( ot ) how long do you expect the whole document to be ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think two pages could be enough , because it 's primarily a demonstrator and not the report . ( ot ) mm-hmm . ( o ) so , this is like a cover letter in way , so it should definitely . ( c ) we will also avoid ( ? ? ) world functional analysis because , you know , it is really verbous . and it does n't provide that much . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) we need functionalities to be provided , and next paragraph for example the architecture , how the information flow wo- works . and we collected to the mediator or it 's not interesting . it 's interested . maybe ( o ) i think it is interesting . i think it 's interesting the way it 's connected . it 's also for us as piece of documentation . so imagine that we have to replace sangeet with someone . so . in that case such a document would be useful . ( c ) okay . and maybe some notes regarding the user interface . we will lose interface , because ( ? ? ) people see . and we already have it , and that 's it . maybe some picture . well , something that exist and it 's working . pictures are fine , also to prove that it 's , it 's something that exist and it 's not only written on documentation . okay . ( o ) yeah . so i 'm writing the requests for yours , and the is six one . we need the internal review , the link will the- the content should be there towards the end of the next week . i will be mostly offline , that 's a slight complication . offline , and during the last week of february . could anyone from you please ( ? ? ) . oh , it was ( ? ? ) too early . we would like to ( ? ? ) the elg paper from that and the elg paper is due next friday , feb 21 . okay ? so i think that , i will . i do n't think that there is anything that we need to discuss at the moment , because we have the document . it does n't compile . i should work on that to fix that compilation , but you can work on the plain text content already , and it compiles outside of overleaf . so if you , if you for ota . ota have you ever worked of overleaf outside of overleaf ? ( ot ) i mean like ( ? ? ) , but not with overleaf . ( o ) yeah , so , but you are looking at the link , so you can click the menu button which is on the left , at the top left corner . and there is in the in the menu . there is dropbox and there is git and you click git , and it will give you git clone command . you will use your normal overleaf credentials , so please click it and double check that you can clone it . ( ot ) i do n't have , i just use the google credentials . so . ( o ) okay , probably that will work as well . i have no idea . no that 's strange , i do n't know how that 'll work . maybe that 's a problem , because i remember that ebrahim has a problem with cloning . he does n't , he can not really , really clone it . so , try cloning yourself and chiara the cloning does work for you or not ? or you have not tried . ( c ) i i , missed the word the clone button is . sorry ( o ) yeah . so there it 's , there is the menu , there is the menu , top left corner while you are in overleaf . ( c ) sorry . ( o ) are you in overleaf ? ( c ) um-hum . ( o ) there is the menu button . and then there is a sync with dropbox , git or whatever . so try git . ( c ) ok you can clone them . ( o ) and then , and it will give you the command git clone . so please try if it really works for you or not . ( ot ) you will need to create special password for overleaf , but then it probably should work . ( o ) ok , so if you create special ( c ) okay , username and password should . sorry , i have to check with credentials . ( ot ) i 'll play with it , i 'll create my credentials . ( o ) so the short message is that if you clone it . it works so i dunno why , if you clone it and there is even a make file . so you just type make , and it , it will compile . i do n't know why it 's fading here . ( c ) ok , thanks . ( o ) yeah . yeah , so chiara , do you have any questions concerning what should be in the deliverable . what is the necessary content . ( c ) well , proceed just important to have em for for each part the same structure at least so that , the functional main functionals ( ? ? ) . the architecture with the workflow . ( o ) um-hum . yeah . ( c ) user interface with maybe some picture . i think that a couple of pages could be fulfilled easily , with those information . maybe a graph describing the workflow or something . ( o ) yeah , yeah ( c ) the rest is fine , definitely . ( o ) yeah , okay . so please , ( ? ? ) this structure down to that overleaf document . and most importantly , send an email to alphaview already today , asking them to ideally have it there by wednesday and if they totally like refuse or whatever if they say `` well , we can do it in two months from now '' then please look up your slides from the review , and like briefly sketch a paragraph for them . so just use the screenshot , which is in the review slides and a paragraph where you describe , what do you know how it behaves . ( c ) may i propose you to , directly use the second strategy . and ask alphaview to review my , my understanding of the platform . okay . ( o ) so so you you are suggesting that you 'll write it right away . and then , you will know , okay , yes ( c ) ( ? ? ) fix and so on ( o ) yes , yes , yes . so if you if you do that , that would be even better . ( c ) yep . no problem . ( o ) ok , great . ( c ) in any case i will mail you today , do n't worry ( o ) yeah , them , them , they need toknow that 's . and ota please follow the structure that chiara well , have suggested in that overleaf . so have separate section on that and provide again some screenshots , screenshots are already in the acl demo paper . so your platform is is describe to some extenting in the demo paper . so maybe you to simply need to copy paste it on that . ( ot ) yeah , yeah . where i , there is probably a link in the email for for the original of the acl paper , right ? ( o ) i 'll , i can share it as well . ( ot ) i know you cloned the ( o ) mm-hmm . ( ot ) file so i can try making it . ( o ) yeah , turn demo paper . ( ot ) error , failed . ( o ) okay . ( ot ) recipe for deliverable failed . ( o ) um-hum , well that 's bit tech but the pdf got created , did n't it ? ( ot ) let me check , there is one , okay . ( o ) i think that it 's because there is no references . so that 's a problem , that it 's . so the acl demo paper is now linked also from that overleaf document . ( ot ) yeah , it 's the logo . ( o ) i 'll modify the make file as long as you do n't have any references , i 'll simply avoid bibteching them . yeah , and now it 's , now it compiles seamlessly , and i 'll do one more thing . so make filed , this is zero zero two as six one . make git at the six one preview makes . and if you want to commit , which is important and to to do properly , and then type of make space ci and have a look at the goal in in the make file , because the commit actually first involve some pull push dents with overleaf git . so if people are editing , it will become impossible for you to commit your work , because pull and push , they will always have some change . so you have to for actual pushing of your changes . if people are editing in the same time you have to wait . and and push it on later . so now it like compile seamlessly for me , ( ot ) yeah , i see , sorry , i actually looking at the paper . ( o ) ok so chiara , if that 's all , let 's , i 'll disconnect , maybe you want to discuss something more with ota or not , but i 'll disconnect and i 'll try quickly debugging that 's editing . ( c ) i 've just couple of questions regarding the make and compiler . but we can discuss about the to me the otakar . otakar , it works for you ? ( ot ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) nice , okay . ( ot ) sorry , so you mean ( c ) thank you ondrej . ( o ) okay thank you , thanks . ( c ) bye . ( ot ) bye bye . ( o ) bye . ( ot ) hi chiara , this is otakar , i 'm actually ondrej 's colleague from you know back like 13 years , actually remember me and him taking some some lecture . thats probably 2000 or something . so now , i joined his team . just the , you know , part part time collaboration to keep . ( c ) nice to meet you . ( ot ) nice to meet you too . so what was your question about to were you in the like local copy or . ( c ) yep , i i cloned the git repo , i 've just pulled all the last modifications . in order to , i missed the part regarding the , how to commit , how to compile it . i 've just tried a make . ( ot ) do you start doing something ? ( c ) yeah . but it task me about regarding the documents name . and i probably put it the wrong thing . how do , how should i compile it ? ( ot ) do you have , ( ? ? ) or something ? ( c ) actually i do not right , ( ? ? ) directly on my workstation , but it should be installed hopefully . so first thing okay , if i have n't things installed , i have to install them , okay nice . and after that ? ( ot ) i just typed make . and it probably has . actually since it started teching , would it doing the internally . ( c ) yeah . ( ot ) internally recording the git command . i 'm just looking into what what it should be making git commit from git stash , git pull . that 's fine . that 's kind of understood to get the latest changes first . and then he push it . ( c ) well , on my side . it worries about the fact that last page . style , does n't take ( ? ? ) . but then it prompts me for a file name . ( ot ) last page , ok so . it 's probably a package that 's missing . so the the files the tech file , taking requires this use package require package . ( c ) okay . ( ot ) and it 's like , you do n't have it . you do n't have in installed . so if i remember it some time back . so you might need some ( ? ? ) package manager . which it 's quite time when i use it . so i do n't know how that 's actually done . ( c ) oh , do n't worry , i also do not remember my ( ? ? ) manager , which one is , but just give me one second . ( ot ) or is it maybe just up to get something . no . its tlmgr . they are like tex live manager . tlmgr . ( c ) no . ( ot ) or i 'm just looking into , something on the internet . wikibooks . packages . and it says the . so you 'll probably have to figure it out somehow . it 's either the standard packages that you have or this tex live manager . ( c ) ( ? ? ) is just a pvs maker . ( ot ) yeah , it 's the maker of the pdf . but how could you find it , find out . so you . if you type tlmgr , does it do anything for you ? do you have it installed ? ( c ) tl- no . ( ot ) okay , so you have some other distribution . ( c ) do n't worry . i will check it by myself . ( ot ) and do you also say , you can say , you can say the b t. you get for the distant for you you . ( c ) i will work on- , exactly ( ? ? ) . ( ot ) and then they say insert package name . just simply . but the package names are called the tex live dash . so which one did you miss ? was it which style file did you miss ? ( c ) last page . ( ot ) so if you say the yam install tex live dash last page or something . or ( ? ? ) last page . i would try these . ( c ) i i 'm , i 'm trying . ( ot ) okay , okay . ( c ) well of course is start updating all the ( ? ? ) . well , let 's . it 's updating ( ? ? ) . ( ot ) i 'm just sending in the conference chat , i 'm just sending the , the link to the wikibooks what i 've just saw . i dunno if it works or not . but . ( c ) it found it , nice . you may install . well sudo . okay it 's finishing the install phase . okay . i re-run make . it still worries about last page . style . or enter new name , that 's why . ( ot ) no no , it would , no it wo n't work . it wo n't work , you need to kill it . just either control c or control r. ( c ) yep , yep . ( ot ) because , you know , it 's kinda tells you , if you if you have a different package to load instead of it . but that 's not ( ? ? ) right . ( c ) okay . ( ot ) i am actually trying to find . paragraph view text . okay , there is section of presentation techniques in the paper they wrote for acl . so i 'll copy it over right to the document . ( c ) okay , nice . i 'm so stupid . i am , well still the wrong package , that why it does n't , does n't found it . okay . ( ot ) so now , yeah . ( c ) okay , let 's make okay . it complains on different styling but . i understood the pattern , i 'm going to install it . yeah . ( ot ) it 's quite , convinient i mean this overleaf . it 's really . ( c ) yeah definitely . ( ot ) it 's like very well done . does n't let me in for the overleaf . for the other paper . ( c ) yes , i 'm keeping stoling dependencies . i think the problem we are going to be kick of the from the , the room , because usually , it lasts just one hour . ( ot ) no problem , so i what i 'm doing right now , i 'm putting in the piece from the acl paper and i 'm going to copy even the screenshots that were there , so that it kind of compiles . and then . yeah . yeah . ( c ) okay , at some point . i will finish installing the dependencies . ( ot ) yeah . ( c ) in order to , well overleaf will work as git repost , that i can commit my modification and pull your modifications locally . okay . i can do it . i will check the make file for the , the target names . in order to make the correct command . ( ot ) it maybe even , it 's actually it 's it 's working so maybe easier to working online , so maybe it 's easier to without , without that . ( c ) oh yes , it 's finally worked for me too . nice . okay . thank you so much . ( ot ) no no no . so you see those version and the screenshots in a while , i 'll just finish it and then i probably work on it like over night or something , but i guess . i will put in some more details . technical ones , and when it 's like , enough content ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) a note if you think i should modify something , i actually do n't feel like i should be the final one to dictate what 's in there . so if you feel like , you know . ( c ) i think that , that probably you will write something much better that what i can able to provide to this document , so do n't worry . ( ot ) we will see . ( ? ? ) ( c ) thank you so much for your work . ( ot ) yeah as well , thank you very much and hear from you later . okay . bye bye ( c ) bye", "tgt": "structure of the deliverable documents . solving problem with connection to overleaf . information to be shared . elg paper . acl demo paper . ota \u2019 s helping chiara with last page problem ."}
{"src": "( o ) so chiara , wan- ( c ) ( ? ? ) or hear . ( o ) okay , yeah , yeah . ( c ) he was just curious . tell me . ( o ) yeah , so dominik has sent the overleaf , well one overleaf link , and also the link to the github prepositary where we have the template is normal directory . and i 'm now trying to fix the the program in overleaf . you were also looking at the overleaf , right ? yes , ( c ) yes . ( o ) i and i guess it also does n't compile for you ( c ) exactly . ( o ) so i 'll try to figure out what 's wrong here , because it 's , it works kind of on my machine . so i 'll first disable ( ? ? ) that 's one auction . i tried disabling ( ? ? ) which should release ( ? ? ) to some new errors . but the question is whether you can also , whether you are happy to work for like without the overleaf interface with this , i guess it is it should be not a big problem for . ( c ) no it 's not , ehm , for us the main scoop of this meeting , should be to define a kind of structure of the bdeliverable documents ( o ) yeah , exactly . ( c ) at the first sight . i was um i. i i was wrong . but actually , i intended that the documents should be only on the presentation platform , because they are ( ? ? ) publishing platform . but actually , then please confirm me . we have to put the cuni presentation platform , and the alphaview presentation platform , in the documents . ( o ) i 'm not sure about the alphaview presentation platform . but i 'm sure that we do want to include our platform there . ( c ) okay . ( o ) and so i 'm , i 'm sure . so dominik wha- wh- what the heck , which file has dominik chosen as the source . as the source thing to test this . i 'm trying now to fix the , so that we can directly use the overleaf , ehm . ( c ) okay , nice . ( o ) that would be good if it if it actually worked , uh , so the the reload . i 'm not sure if it work or not . the only thing that i can do is , and it 's the it 's , the overleaf is somehow strange . so we can for now , we can use it as as a plain text editor . ( c ) no problem . ( o ) so if you can scroll , to where i am , yep , so executive summary . page break yeah . this , if you can click on my , in overleaf , if you click on my icon . ( c ) okay . ( o ) next to me , ab review button then , yes , yes , ( c ) okay . ( o ) yes , so this is this is a ( ? ? ) that we can use to uh , to discuss the structure . ( c ) perfect . ( o ) so so the the so the deliverable sumarizes presentation platforms of live , transcript . ( c ) yeah do n't worry to do that . ( o ) it does n't even type . yeah , okay . so there is , i think that overleaf has some serious troubles . trancsript , translations , yeah . so let use simple simple ( ? ? ) . and so little pv subtitle like platform . ( c ) we definitely use the acl paragraphs . ( o ) yeah , so that 's a , that 's a good question about the alphaview presentation . let us look at the deliverable . ( ? ? ) one , two , three , four just joined . ( ? ? ) but it is probably does not work for him . ( ? another language ? ) ( c ) hi . ( ot ) sorry . it works from this one , two , three four , it 's me from the phone . ( o ) yeah , yeah , okay . ( ot ) connect from the laptop , but i already was in this you know application , so i wonder what the problem is , sorry for that . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) no problem . ( o ) you made it . so we are now in the overleaf , which dominik has sent the url for . so if you check you email . ( ot ) yeah . ( o ) and there is this overleaf link . and in in in says it does not compile . and actually it is called still d00 deliverable template . let 's not bother with that . let 's simply use it as , like ( ? ? ) deliverable , and then we will , once we get it compiling we will make it again the template . so please open that link anyway . and we can , what we can do . we do n't have the permissions . so , maybe maybe this . ( ot ) i have for our four zero four error in web page . ( o ) do you see the chat window , try the link in the chat window . ( ot ) where is the chat window ? yeah , okay . ( o ) yeah , okay , great , so then if you click on our icons , either mine or chiara 's . you will also get your cursor next to the us , it 's on the top ab review , and next to that there is , there is . ( ot ) yeah , i see . ( o ) yeah , so click ( ? ? ) . now you see where we are . so we can discuss the structure of this deliverable , and you already know the acl demo paper , so ( ? ? ) , i think , so it is important to describe not only have the the end user as like what the user sees , but also to describe the internals in some way . so like what is behind the scenes . i know that pervoice probably does n't want to disclose some of these things . we probably do not mind that much if we disclose more on our implementation . so , yeah , please just , it 's important so what we have done ( ot ) um-hum . ( c ) well , i just asked the about the possibility to share internals , and it should n't be a problem we should . we can do it . of course . ( o ) okay . ( c ) ( ? ? ) meaningfully information to be shared . but of course , in the scope of the project and descended it 's important to explain why why it works . ( o ) yeah , so , so that 's an important thing , this deliverable is going to be i 'm scrolling , well it does n't say so , but we need to follow , the requirements in the description of work and the d platform updates , these six , is it publishing platform it 's called demonstrator . and it 's for public , so this publishing platform deliverable , this text will be public . which will be publicly available on the elitr website . ( c ) okay , okay . ( o ) so that 's , yeah . so these six one existing . web based publishing platform be developed , so if you are looking i 'll copy that . so this is the description of what we are going to be checked against . from ( ? ? ) . it is says there is this task , and it does n't work . yeah . there is this task . and then there is this deliverable . so in the ( ? ? ) that the alphaview platform , needs to be included . ( c ) in fact . ( o ) in fact , yes . so please talk to , it should not be too difficult for alphaview either , because they need one screenshot , which was already available in some preliminary version for the review , review meeting , if you remember , if you still have the slides . ( c ) yes . ( o ) and then there was this screenshot , and that with some description should be sufficient . and so this alphaview . what is that live transcript tab . screenshot and description . ( c ) who is our intermediator with alphaview , i should . i should agreed . ( o ) that 's always difficult . so i always email i think ( ? ? ) is , ( ? ? ) and armin , that always need two long time to contact the people who actually know . and france is the one who knows most . ( c ) okay , i will email all of them . ( o ) yeah , please email all of them and say , and please tell them that actually , we are quite late with the preparation . because it has to be internally reviewed and normally we give ourselves two weeks , which is today . so , and we probably do n't have anyone , anyone who would 've volunteered to review this . i 'm checking in the continuous reporting . publishing platform , it is jumping too much . yeah , we do n't have anyone to revi- , yeah , so i 'll push you chiara , i 'm now looking at the google sheet , i 'll again paste the link so that you can easily get it to the chat window . so this the continuous reporting google sheet . and , in the google sheet i 'll put , the link to the source which is here . and then i 'll put chiara as the main . chiara . as the main person . and then we need the reviewer . so , who could we ask , it ideally someone from edinburgh . or someone from carlsruhe , so i 'll email those . and i 'll tell them , so the , when could you two have it , because you two are , you two are providing most of the content , and the more important contect , the alphaview wo n't tell any ( ? ? ) anyway . ( c ) i have a ( ? ? ) of course i have ( ? ? ) . internal documents describing , for example , the architecture , the function analyses . and so on , i was just to arrange something in order to somewhere . informations , i will spend the today afternoon . ( o ) mm-hmm . ( c ) preparing , i will be really happy if ( ? ? ) would leave documents start compiling . ( o ) yes . yes , yep . yep . ( c ) problem , for us is important . but uh , i think that it 's important to have a kind of the same structure for all three platforms . to say that , yes , we are working- ( o ) on all of those . ( c ) simply check . i will spend the afternoon putting the info inside , and also on monday , well actually we are really coming to them , deliverables . we will do it as fast as possible . we are also preparing trying prepare at least , the acl paper . ( o ) and the progress to the template . not acl , eamt . ( c ) yes , sorry the elg document . ( o ) so there is yes , there were too many things to discuss at once . i think that , what was the documents . i think there was eamt demo paper . that was one thing ( c ) um-hum . he was the elg the one suggested from uedin . the workshop . ( o ) yeah , the workshop at ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yes , we are working , trying to figure something goes for these kinds of publication , and we will ask your feedback next week for sure . ( o ) um-hum , okay . i 'm trying to locate the details of that . so . and there is , that 's what barry said , so eamt , february 21 . that 's the elg we should submit . so that deadline is very very soon . the deadline is , we have just a week . i do not think it would be a problem . ( c ) is optional at least , the deliverable instead not . ( o ) yeah , exactly . yeah . so i think that the ideally , we should have our full content ready by a wednesday . ota , is that also feasible for you ? ( ot ) yeah , i think so . ( o ) so that would get us like two days to , so we could reuse that for the for the paper for elg and ota you were not on the not on the call . so i 'll add you . ( ot ) which call ? ( o ) on that was discussed on the elitr call , so i 'm and remote call the standard consortium wide thing . so ota here are the deadlines for the two well user style work shop where we want to reuse the content of the six one . so i 've just emailed you , i 've assigned to you its its a google assigment in a google doc and it has links to , those menus , not links sometimes not links sometimes only descriptions . so we should ask barry and phil , and , yeah , i 'm emailing clinics in edinburgh , and carlsruhe who of them could review the the deliverable . and i 'll ask them , if they could do it towards the end of next week . ( ? ? ) that you will have the content ready . and i think its its definitely feasible for chiara . and its also will very likely feasible for tta , because you already have some of the documentation ready . and it doesnt have to be like for , documentation . ( ot ) how long do you expect the whole document to be ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think two pages could be enough , because its primarily a demonstrator and not the report . ( ot ) mm-hmm . ( o ) so , this is like a cover letter in way , so its definitely . ( c ) we will also avoid ( ? ? ) world functional analysis because , you know , it is really very ( ? ? ) . and it doesnt provide that much . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) we need functionalities to be provided , and next paragraph for example the architecture , how the information flow wo- works . and we collected the through mediator or it 's not interesting . its interested . maybe ( o ) i think it is interesting . i think is interesting the way its connected . its also for us as piece of documentation . so imagine that we have to replace sangeet with someone . so . in that case such a document would be useful . ( c ) okay . and and maybe some notes regarding the user interface . we will lose interface , because ( ? ? ) people see . and we already have it , and that 's it . maybe some picture . well , ( ? ? ) exists and its working . pictures are fine , also to prove that its , its something that exist and its not ( ? ? ) documentation . okay . ( o ) yeah . so i 'm writing the requests for yous , and the is six one . towards the end of the next we week . i will be mostly offline , thats a slight complication . during the last week of february . could anyone from you please ( ? ? ) . oh , it was too early . okay ? so i think that is , i will . i dont think that there is anything that we need to discuss at the moment , because we have the document . it doesnt compile . i should work on that to fix that compilation , but you can work on the plain text content already , and it compiles outside of overleaf . so if you , if you for ota . ota have you ever worked outside of overleaf ? ( ot ) i mean like ( ? ? ) , but not whit overleaf . ( o ) yeah , so , but you are looking into link , so you can click the ( ? ? ) button which is on the left , at the top left corner . and there is in the in the menu . there is dropbox and there is git and you click git , and it will give you git clone command . you will use your normal overleaf credentials , so please click it and double check if you can clone it . ( ot ) i dont have , i just use the google credentials . so . ( o ) okay , probably that will work as well . i have no idea . no thats strange , i dont know how that 'll work . maybe thats a problem , because i remember that ebrahim has a problem with cloning . he doesnt , he can not really , really clone it . so , try cloning yourself and chiara the cloning does work for you or not ? or you have not tried . ( c ) i i , missed the ( ? ? ) where the clone button is . sorry ( o ) yeah . so there is the there is the menu top left corner while you are in the overleaf . ( c ) sorry . ( o ) are you in overleaf ? ( c ) um-hum . ( o ) there is the menu button . and then there is a sync with dropbox , git or whatever . so try git . ( c ) ok you can clone them . ( o ) and then , and it will give you the command git clone . so please try if it really works for you or not . ( ot ) you will need to create special password for overleaf , but then it probably should work . ( o ) ok , so if you create special ( c ) okay , username and password should . sorry , i have to check with credentials . ( ot ) i 'll play with it , i 'll create my credentials . ( o ) so the short message is that if you clone it . it works so i dunno why , if you clone it and there is even a make file . so you just type make , and it , it will compile . ( ? ? ) yeah . yeah , so chiara , do you have any questions concerning what should be in the deliverable . what is the necessary content . ( c ) well , proceed just important to have em for for each part the same structure at least so that , the functional main functionals ( ? ? ) . the architecture with the workflow . ( o ) um-hum . yeah . ( c ) user interface with maybe some picture . i think that a couple of pages could be the fulfilled , with those information . maybe a graph describing the workflow or something . ( o ) yeah , yeah ( c ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , okay . so please , ( ? ? ) this structure down to that overleaf document . and ost importantly , send an email to alphaview already today , asking them to ideally have it there by wednesday and if they totally like refuse or whatever if they say `` well , we can do it in two months from now '' then please look up your slides from the review , and like briefly sketch a paragraph for them . so just use the screenshot , which is in the review slides and a paragraph where you describe , what do you know how it behaves . ( c ) may i propose you to , directly use the second strategy . and ask alphaview to review my , my understanding of the platform . okay . ( o ) so so you you are suggesting that you are all right in the right away . and then , you will know , okay , yes ( c ) ( ? ? ) fix and so on ( o ) yes , yes , yes . so if you if you do that , that would be better . ( c ) yep . no problem . ( o ) ok , great . ( c ) i will ( ? ? ) today , dont worry ( o ) yeah , on them , and then the most is that they need to know . and ota please follow the structure that chiara well , have has suggested in that overleaf . so have separate section on there and provide again some screenshots , screenshots are already in the acl demo . so your platform is is describe to some extent in in the demo paper . so maybe you to simply need to copy paste it on that . ( ot ) yeah , yeah . where i , there is probably link in the email for for the original of the acl paper . ( o ) i 'll , i can share it as well . ( ot ) i know you cloned the ( o ) mm-hmm . ( ot ) file so i can try making it . ( o ) yeah , turn demo paper . ( ot ) error , failed . ( o ) okay . ( ot ) recipe for deliverable failed . ( o ) um-hum , well ( ? ? ) but the pdf got created , didnt it ? ( ot ) there is one , okay . ( o ) i think that its because there is no references . so thats a problem that its . so the acl demo paper is now linked also from that overleaf document . ( ot ) yeah , its the logo . ( o ) i 'll modify the make file as long as you dont have any references , i 'll simply avoid bibteching them . yeah , and now its , now it compiles seamlessly , and i 'll do one more thing . so make filed , this is zero zero two as six one . make git at the six one preview make . and if you want to commit , which is important and to to do properly , and then type of make space ci and and have a look at the goal in the make file , because the commit actualy first involve some pull push dents with overleaf . so if people are editing , it will become impossible for you to commit your work , because pull and push , they will always have . some change . so you have to for actual pushing of your changes . if people are editing in the same time you have to wait . and and push it on later . so now it like compile seamlessly for me , ( ot ) actually looking at the paper . ( o ) ok so chiara , if thats all , i 'll disconnect , maybe you want to discuss something more with ota or not , but i 'll disconnect and i 'll try quickly debugging thats editing . ( c ) i 've just couple of questions regarding the make and compiler . but we can discuss about the to me the otakar . otakar , it works for you ? ( ot ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) nice , okay . ( ot ) sorry , so you mean ( c ) thank you ondrej . ( o ) okay thank you , thanks . ( c ) bye . ( ot ) bye bye . ( o ) bye . ( ot ) hi chiara , this is otakar , i 'm actually ondrej 's colleague from you know back like 13 years , actually remember me and him taking some some lecture . thats probably 2000 or something . so now , i joined his team . just the , you know , part part time collaboration to keep . ( c ) nice to meet you . ( ot ) nice to meet you too . so what was your question about to were you in the like local copy or . ( c ) yep , i i cloned the ( ? ? ) , i 've just pulled all the last modifications . in order to , i missed the part regarding the , how to commit , how to compile it . i 've just tried a make . ( ot ) do you start doing something ? ( c ) yeah . but ( ? ? ) me about regarding the documents name . and ( ? ? ) wrong thing . how should i compile it ? ( ot ) do you have , ( ? ? ) or something ? ( c ) actually i do not right , ( ? ? ) directly on my workstation , but it should be installed hopefully . so first thing okay , if i havent things installed , i have to install them , okay nice . and after that ? ( ot ) i just typed make . and it probably has . actually since it started thinking , would it be doing the internally . ( c ) yeah . ( ot ) internally recording the git command . i 'm just looking into what what it should be making git commit from git ( ? ? ) . thats fine . this kind of understood to get the latest changes first . and then he pushed it well . ( c ) but on my side . it worries about the fact that the last page . style , doesnt take ( ? ? ) . but then it prompts me for a file name . ( ot ) last page , the ok so . its probably a package that is missing . so the the files the tech file , taking requires this use package require package . ( c ) okay . ( ot ) and its like , you dont have it . you dont have in installed . so if i remember it some time back . so you might need some ( ? ? ) package manager . its quite time when i use it . so i dont know how thats actually . ( c ) i also do not remember my ( ? ? ) manager , which one is , but just wait one second . ( ot ) or is it maybe just up to get something . no . its tlmgr . they are like ? tlmgr . ( c ) no . ( ot ) or i 'm just looking into , something on the internet . wikibooks . packages . and it says the . so probably have to figure it out somehow . its either a standard packages that you have or this ( ? ? ) manager . ( c ) ( ? ? ) is just a pvs maker . ( ot ) yeah , its the maker of the pdf . but how could you find it . so you . if you type tlmgr , does it do anything for you ? do you have it installed ? ( c ) tl- no . ( ot ) okay , so you have some other distribution . ( c ) dont worry . i will check it by myself . ( ot ) and do you also say , you can see , you can say the b t. you get for the distant for you you . ( c ) exactly ( ? ? ) . ( ot ) and then they say insert package name . just simply . but the package names are called the tech ( ? ? ) dash . which one did you miss ? was it which style file did you miss ? ( c ) last page . ( ot ) so if you say the ( ? ? ) install tech ( ? ? ) dash last page . or ( ? ? ) last page . i would try these . ( c ) i i 'm , i 'm fine . ( ot ) okay , okay . ( c ) well of course ( ? ? ) . updating all the ( ? ? ) . well , lets . its updating ( ? ? ) . ( ot ) i 'm just sending in the conference chat , i 'm just sending the , the link to the wikibooks what i just saw . i dunno if it works or not . but . ( c ) it found it , nice . you may install . well sudo . okay its finishing the install phase . okay i ( ? ? ) make . it still worries about last page . style . enter new name , thats why . ( ot ) no no , it would , no it wont work . it wont work , you need to kill it . just either control c or control r. ( c ) yep , yep . ( ot ) because , you know , it kinda tells you , if you if you have a different package to load instead of it . but thats not ( ? ? ) right . ( c ) okay . ( ot ) i am actually trying to find . paragraph view text . okay , there is section of presentation techniques in the paper they wrote for acl . so i 'll copy it over right to the document . ( c ) okay , nice . i 'm so stupid . i am , well still the wrong package , that why it doesnt , doesnt found it . okay . ( ot ) so now , yeah . ( c ) okay , lets make okay . it complains on ( ? ? ) . i understood the pattern , i 'm going to install it . yeah . ( ot ) it quite 's , convinient i mean this overleaf . it really . ( c ) yeah definitely . ( ot ) its like very well done . doesnt let me in for the overleaf . for the other paper . ( c ) yes , i 'm keeping ( ? ? ) dependencies . i think the problem is . ( ? ? ) from the , the room , because usually , it lasts just one hour . ( ot ) no problem , so i what i 'm doing right now , i 'm putting in the piece from the acl paper and i 'm going to copy even these screenshots that were there , so that it kind of compiles . and then . yeah . yeah . ( c ) okay , at some point . i will finish installing the dependencies . ( ot ) yeah . ( c ) in order to , well overleaf will work as git repost , that i can commit my modification and pull your modifications locally . okay . i can do it . i will check the make file for the , the target names . in order to make the correct command . ( ot ) actually its its working so maybe easier to work without . without that . ( c ) oh yes , its finally worked for me too . nice . okay . thank you so much . ( ot ) no no no . so you see those version and the screenshots in a while , i 'll just finish it and then i probably work on it over night , but i guess . i will put in some more details . technical ones , and when its like , enough contect ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) a note that i should modify something , i actually dont feel like i should be the final one to dictate whats in there . so if you feel like , you know . ( c ) i think that , that probably you will write something much better that what i can able to provide to this document . ( ot ) will see . ( ? ? ) ( c ) thank you so much for your work . ( ot ) yeah as well , thank you very much and hear from you later . okay . bye bye ( c ) bye", "tgt": "work with overleaf interface . accesing git through overleaf credentials . installign tlmgr - package manager . compiling screenshots . git commiting modifications . elg paper ( 21 . 02 . 2020 ) ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello . i hope you can hear me . mm-hmm . ( j ) hello . i can hear you . ( o ) ok great . that 's good . and we have mohammad . so mohammad , let 's test your connection first . that 's jonas , right ? so mohammad , can you hear us ? does it work for you ? yeah , so we have also sangeet . yeah . hi , i can hear someone . was that mohammad ? ( mo ) hello , hi everyone . ( o ) yeah , so now it works . okay . great , perfect . how yeah . so , mohammad , are you also looking and the document , where we are all looking at , the elitr surge organization . ( m ) yes . i see- ( o ) yeah , yeah . it 's good if , it 's good if people are signed in , but it is not required to to gmail , because then you are not anonymous bats , iguanas sheep and dragons or or tigers . but instead you 're a real people . but it 's it 's more for the revision history , actually , but it is- in any case , it 's it's-the most important thing is that you add things to the document . ok . so the connection to ean seems to work today . let 's hope it will work regularly . every tuesday . so welcome on board . and this is also for other , at least , get to know your voice . and we have just the 30 minutes or 28 minutes , actually , to go through things that we have done . so i would really like these meetings to be speedy , and also to get nice nice minutes from those . so whoever is like listening , please volunteer and edit the document to to take note of what the speaker is is just saying at the moment . so there , someone could have edit for me that i have invited mohammad . that 's just an example . it is not not important . okay , so now , thanks for joining . and let 's quickly go over the the updates . uh , i have uh , i 'm not finished with my updates yet . but actually , i 'm always lost in what i have done . so it is that is i believe that you are probably equally lost in what you have done . so that is why we have these meeting , so that everybody is aware of of the progress . so i 'm mainly supervising the creation of the elitr test set and the edible slt test set . and the main thing that i wanted to say today is that the set of tools that we have at hand is nicely growing . i need thanks to several people of from , sev- several people from you . so if anybody is processing any audio , and we have atul here , right ? no , atul is gone . where is atul ? so i will , i will have a separate call with atul , anyway . so i 'll tell him . so when when anybody has long audio file then and existing transcript . then there is a tool , elan , which can easily , which can be used to easily segment this long audio into sentence long units . then there is the forced alignment , which can be used to identify words in that for czech and english . and these this word level alignment can be validated by showing it as karaoke style subtitles . so the , it 's colour coded which words are just being uttered . and then also this is , there is another conversion script , which creates the files for slt evaluation . and if the fai- forced alignment fails , then there , the elan tool can be used even for manual segmentation at the word level . so for manual identification of where the words are . so this is what what now need to be like , put to put to use for the elitr test set preparation . and then another set of tools is very slowly growing for the text level processing uh , so , uh , i have , uh , like uh , refined bin based editor of tool 3 or 4 files in multiparallel corpus . multi- parallel test set . so this should be used regularly when ( ? ? ) our test set , test sets . and also a simple preprocessing for-yeah , so this this this is where i would really appreciate if someone was was taking note , because i can not speak and write at the same time . so , simple script that runs sentence segmentation . with some errors , and then sentence alignment again with some errors for pairs of files . uh , so this sentence segmentation and ( ? ? ) together are deeply processing , which is needed before you start refining the uh , the test set . so this is , yeah . this , these tools are necessary for any evaluation . okay . so that 's , that 's what i 've realized now . maybe i 'll realize more things that i 've worked on . but let 's move to sangeet , so that we do n't spend all time on me . ( s ) hi guys . so lately , i was working on setting up client audio visualization . and now it 's pretty working . ( o ) yeah , so can we test it , can we see it in any of our like monday test sessions ? ( s ) ehm , yeah , but i i , you will actually so , that visualization would be on anyone live screen . in my browser . ( o ) oh , so it 's web based , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and is this , yeah . is that , that 's that 's an option , but i think it , it will be s-it can be more convenient if it would run also in simple like separate windows or or window , like attached board . ( ma ) yes , so-yes , if i can interrupt , yeah , so the visualizer for the for the sao can can run on- ( o ) anywhere . ( ma ) yeah , it is web based but but it does n't really matter because you can just-there is a server which streams it and the web client , so . ( o ) ok . ( ma ) so if you want you can , you can , you can like stream it to multiple client at once or you can do whatever you want with with the data . ( o ) ok , yeah , yeah , yeah . so , so the the main reason why i think we needed this is exactly for a live sessions when we need to set up all the , all the processing pipeline . and this is to validate the source channels . so the one who is operating the system , should be able to to check if all the sources , in a multisource environment , are there at at the right like volume . and that 's that 's what the visualizer is for . so ideally , our cruise control set ups should include this and spawn it as processes on the main machine , which operates the whole pipeline . and we would immediately see if something is working or or not . so that 's the , that 's the idea . so , yeah , so sangeet i did n't really want to interrupt you , but let , i did . so you work on ( ? ? ) for mock conference . transcript generation , and you 're playing with , yeah yeah , ( ? ? ) workshop . and also , i would like to add one more like a to do item . to clean up the the set up . so that we have , so we have now multiple folders in cruise control set up . and i would really like to have one uh , release of of that . so to say , in like ( ? ? ) engineering style . and that release would be a set up which illustrates czechs asr into other thing , english asr into all the things . maybe even french asr and it should have all the bells and whistles that we have so far . so it should have eh the joints standard ( ? ? ) locks . it should have the online visualization of input channels . uh , if if we already have multisource set up . there will probably that 's should rather be like separate one , so that it is not a cluttered if you go for a particle set up . but these should be like the , you should have now version . so so creative version kind of , obvious it should still if on the same place , but it needs to be polished . and all the bells and whistles merged across the various there is . so it should automatically create the transcripts with segment-level timestamps , and or even more level timestamps , so the the lock files that slt then digest so all this nicely wrapped . so this is , this is what i would like to uh , to work on , in addition to to what you are working now on now . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) so i think ( ? ? ) everything . i was wondering if ( ? ? ) because i feel like i 'm quite free these days so , i i will do it ( ? ? ) more task bec- because ( ? ? ) and i feel depressed . ( o ) oh yes , i have the same thing actually . and also realize the same thing with my kids . they have started receiving less work , like these last two weeks than the three weeks before , and it it is much worse for them , because they are like doing crazy things instead of doing something useful . so yes , exactly . so there , the one thing that would be very good would be uh , the segmenter , and also , maybe help the students of mine . i have two students . suni is one of them , and then another czech student , but he was also very passive so far , because he was busy with other school duties . who should work on the segmentation including phoneme representation ? so they could probably uh , who benefit from some like supervision , especially like i 'm offering that regularly , but they are not asking much and also i 'm overloaded . so if i could like ask you to help them , that would be a better version of the of the segmenter . or you can work on a separately on on the segmenter on your own . but there are many bugs and and the segmenter is is now the critical point . ( s ) yeah . so like could ( ? ? ) the segmenter , segmentation in in ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , so let 's let 's leave that like outside of this call because- ( s ) ok ok . ( o ) so i 'll i 'll send you what i sent to them and then you can ask for more . ( s ) yeah yeah , ok . ( o ) so so then the polishing , the polishing of all the set ups . so that it is easy to to launch . and most importantly , so that it is easy to diagnose what is wrong . so we are now , there is no , no monday sessions now , but there is , for example , this particle called , this very call can serve again as a test case . and i 've seen in one of the last calls that like just for fun . i i did the czech asr into many languages . for call i had with the colleagues of mine . and there i saw again how bad the segmentor is . on the zoom seminar i realized that one overloaded machine can kill the whole show . and it took us 20 minutes to find it out . so that 's something which is very bad . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so these- ( d ) i knew it . much sooner than we than the 20 minutes . ( o ) yeah , yeah , but but then i was not able to like receive that message . and also i did n't know what to do . like it 's this happens easily when the main operator which was me , is not skilled enough and when the main operator is like overloaded and there is no was to come to the person physically , and like knock on his shoulder and say , '' hey , you should look at this window , because dominik is telling you what to do . `` so , yeah , yeah . so this , it 's it 's part of that is like communication issue . another problem is that we do not have the diagnosis tools . so how did you know , dominik that that was the problem ? ( d ) because i remember that sangeet add the bug few months ago . and and we and we check it and found it , and but he but he forgot to run it to prevent this bug again . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so- ( s ) you are talking to me ? ( ? ? ) the asr with more number of source . ( d ) yes . to be the only process which is running on the machine on which are running- ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) yeah . but that , ok . so there is , there is some like configuration bug , how do we ensure that we avoid these ? i do n't think it is possible . so one thing is obviously to use the issue tracker . let 's use the issue tracker in github for cruise control . that 's what it 's for . and i believe that 's probably also recorded as an issue . or could be very likely . and there is surely an issue recorded for the subtitler . so . ( d ) but i thinks there should be one simple script which runs the janus asr on our cluster in the correct way . ( o ) yes . ( d ) right now , we do n't have it . so sangeet must do it some with several steps and ensured manually . ( o ) yes . so sangeet this is another thing that you should you should do . so maybe start proper like 'bugzilla ' issue tracker , but this even for yourself , into the issues in github for cruise control . the polishing should be there as well , and get to get used to this standard programmers daily routine of like checking the the list of issues and ticking the them off . obviously , you do not need to do any ( ? ? ) requests . we we do not do a coder use . but it could we could even do that , if that is if if we would have more time for that . but i do not think we have any one to review that . dominik should be working on on the research , and i 'm too busy to provide any sensible reviews myself . but let 's use the the issue tracker . so and and it 's , yeah . i know that this requires a change of the mindset . and i 'm unable to do this mindset , i 'm always like avoiding this this daily routine . so sangeet if you have similar problems , as i have with with that , uh , then , say so , and we will like try to make it more interesting , or trying to find way how to how to go around it . but it 's it 's ( ? ? ) the same thing , the polishing of the pipeline , so that everything is easy . everything is as small as short as possible . and everything is tested , and everything is run like , there is diagnosis for everything . so the the diagnosis is totally critical . and i still do not know what to do when i like run the preparatory script , i see that giant pipeline . and then i run it . and after a minute or two . it says error . so there , i do not really know how to quickly like shorten the pipeline . and test which part is has failed . and which part is is ok . and this error can be any worker anywhere . so i have to go into the log there , see which of the log files is the shortest one , which is an indication that this one is probably failed . then there is often many of those in the log there i no longer see the hierarchy of the of the commands . so clearly it is numbered , but it is still , for example , all the rainbow systems are like at the same level . so it 's it 's very difficult to-still what i would really like to see , and that 's just a vision , would be this uniques command printed again . and one line colored in red , indicating like this one killed the whole thing . i do n't know how to do that . but it 's , this is what i would like to have . ok , yeah . thanks . so that 's , that 's good . let 's log there for , yeah . so if you have any questions , like where is the path for dry run workshop , please make it a comment , google comment , to someone who knows it . so this log there for the dry , the dry run workshop . daniel suchy has talked about it , we need to ask daniel suchy and tea , actually as well , i i think . or or you are the one who who recorded it , right ? so you should know as well . so what do we mean by dry run workshop ? ( s ) the last dry run workshop which ( ? ? ) online ( ? ? ) . ( o ) the online ? ok . so that i do n't know . yes , so we need to ask tea . ruda , yes , ruda . yeah , ruda recorded it . and he said it 's on his machine . yeah , so let 's ask ruda . thank you . so where is the path . yeah , so . ( s ) so in the last e-mail concerning this asr transcription i replied to ruda . ( o ) yeah , i actually make a comment here , in in the google doc . ok , thank you . so then , daniel is not here . let 's quickly move forward . so so i 'm supervising him and daniel should be in close touch also with atul , hopefully . and atul is here , so atul ? ( a ) yeah , hi . ( o ) so please summarize what what you have work on . ( a ) okay , i have prepared 21 languages test set . which is i have upload there 6 languages on the github . and remaining will be uploaded very soon . because i have been some data . so most probably . and all these data are extracted from the ( ? ? ) court of european . yes . and from eurosai . so . ( o ) yes . yeah , so please put them into subdirectories of of these names . and include the read me with the original link . so that we , not necessarily for each of the files , you can do that as well , but at least for the web site , so that we know where it comes from roughly , and that immediately tells us the domain uh and so on . ( a ) sure - ( o ) because so the elitr test set will include domains of computational linguistics , and auditing . and we need to immediately see , which is which . ( a ) okay , i will up- , update ( ? ? ) ( o ) thank you . and also provided transcription of workshop . what do you-sorry that 's that 's daniel . yeah , so several languages uploaded , yeah . so and i would like to check the status of annotators . so how many are you in touch with , how many have even in the last 2 weeks actually . how many have asked the question . how many are waiting for what . or how many are waiting for us , or how many are we waiting for ? so i would like you to have a an overview of this . so do you have an idea . ( a ) no , not yet . ( o ) yeah , so please , please make sure- ( a ) ok , i will discuss with you in the evening . ( o ) yes , yes , exactly . yeah , but please please make sure to to have some overview because this is , everybody can could in principle make use of these annotators , similar daniel has access to to annotators . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so if we spot some strange language document that could be useful . you are the person to to contact , and you will then know who you could contact to get it done . and with each of the annotators . you are the person to supervise the the process . and you were , you had something technical issues see in the document , i highlighted the tools that you should be aware of . because these tools are useful for the annotators , depending on what type of resource they find . if they find audio , they will needs these elan scripts , elans and scripts and then if they are linux skilled they should use the ( ? ? ) editor and we have this simple pre-processing for sentence segmentation . plus sentence alignment . this was by me . you know about it already . and you have maybe your own pipeline , which could be even better than mine . but well . if , so feel free to improve mine . my , my set up there . ( a ) ok , i will check . ( o ) yeah , so we need to stream line this . so we need to to be very quick , if some person random person says `` i have a kazakh , i i speak kazakh , i have a test set which could be of interest for you file , which could be of interest of you . then , on that day , ideally , he should receive it pre-processed by us . and in in 5 days or a week from that . we should be asking him , have you succeeded in in polishing it . and we should process in and include it in the in the repository . ( a ) ok . ( o ) so this is really be quick and with little afford , little manual afford , on your side for every single person . so you need to automate thing for yourself . ( a ) okay . ( o ) yeah , okay . thank you . ( a ) ok , thank you . ( o ) let 's quickly move to dominik , because we still have matus . yeah . so dominik , are you still here ? ( d ) yes . can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so i evaluated the 2 new asr workers . for edible slt . and i found out that they are not much better than before . nice multitude format and implement the mt wrapper and online text for events and so on . ( o ) yeah , yeah . soryy . for these asr workers , were any of them offline ? or all were online ? ( d ) both are online . ( o ) yeah , and and tyson unfortunately , indicated that there is no improve , like he he can not run any offline systems that would have any chance to be better right ? ( d ) no . ( o ) so at this point , we are stuck with with the asr that we have from karlsruhe and which is pretty bad . i 've asked peter polak and peter polak is starting to train his implementation the the just per or ( ? ? ) set up for english . and jonas is also hopefully trying to train another kaldi based asr . so we could have our own asrs . ( d ) ok . ( s ) you 've been trying english asr ? ( o ) yes , yes . ( s ) ok . ( o ) and for these tests , this is for edible slt share task . i 've kind of given up on the online aspect . so uh , i do not know , well actually both of them . i think that both peter and jon\u00e3\u00a1\u00e5\u00a1 will only have like transcripts , without time stamps . but that 's fine . let 's let 's focus on the on the asr quality , which is the first criterion of the shared task anyway . ( j ) i can decode also the time steps , if it's- ( o ) ok , yes , that would be useful . so that would be- so ideally , we need , so talk to talk to either ebrahim or mohammad in person but that would be slow probably , because the communication to ( ? ? ) is often ( ? ? ) . and or have a look at the edible slt share task , i 'll send you the link . ideally , we need time stamps for when the word was uttered that 's source as , like start and end . and we also need the third timestamps , timestamp which indicated when that was recognized . so the asr system can be run with a special t script . or t tool at the end . and this t emits the standard output and adds timestamps as well . so this is the way , or talk to sangeet . this is the way that we record how fast the the recognition is delivered . and it is , it is ok for the shared ask to like have the integration fake . so you run it separately , you will recall your speed . and then we will say that there is absolutely zero processing time to pass it to the mt , and the mt will again add its time . and even if we do not have any timing . that 's good . let let 's go for just the recognition and translation . someone 's writing that . excellent . thank you . yeah , okay . so sorry dominik for for the interruption , but this was exactly one of the good points that we have the meeting . so that all of you know about each other now . ( d ) yes . and i 'm going to reformat the mt wrapper and online text ( ? ? ) events and so on . the point is to have the brief format of online text flow . because right now many sentences are being repeated . and it 's and it 's difficult to analyze them . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) and after i will do it , then i can easily implement the scripts for flicker and delay evaluations . cause right now , i have some bugs there . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) is that current ( ? ? ) of main text flow is stabile and stabile to use . ( d ) yes , yes . and i have i 've fixed the bug with the installation . ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ok , great . yeah , great . thank you . so how many people have here who have not spoken . we have muhammad . but i 'm not sure if that connection will work , and we have jon\u00e3\u00a1\u00e5\u00a1 , and matus , right ? so maybe , jonas , if you have something more to say , so that , with to start . ( j ) yeah , so we just do quickly right up . i i 've been running some experiments . for my diploma thesis about the czech asr . i 've done like domain word classification and accuracy , so i have several adaptation techniques and i 'm computing how many of the domain words that identify are recognized by each of these adaptation levels . and then since like two days ago , i have been working on training the kaldi co- mozilla common voice english asr . as we already discussed briefly . so right now it 's on like sixteeth iteration of five hundred . and it 's running on like 6 gpus . so i think should be done like tomorrow afternoon . i guess . so- ( o ) and is it just , is it just common voice or is it something else as well ? ( j ) no , this just just data from common voice just 300 hours . just , it just like vanilla set up so because i , from what i understand , there is quite like time pressure on- ( o ) yes , that 's true . yeah , yeah . so it 's good to have , it 's good to try this one . but peter polak was also telling me that this common voice contains a many , a many utterances , but of the same sentences . so it 's that many people read the same sentences . and that in your case that should not be that of big of a problem , because you do is for the acoustics , right . so the the fact that the vocabulary is limited is not to too critical . if you then use a large language model right ? or no ? ( j ) yeah , well . yeah , then i just now , i use the baseline language model , which is train only on the transcripts . so there this issue would arise . but i i plan to train a separate like larger language model and also create a larger lexicon . so that the model capacity increases this way . ( o ) yeah . the , yeah , that 's very important , because the vocabulary is very small . or the number of sentences of common call is is very limit , very small because it 's it 's repeated sentences . ( j ) it would also be , maybe i quite helpful if the language model would be trained on the similar text as the mt model . so then maybe i can coordinated this dominik and- ( o ) yes , yeah yeah . definitely . so , so you should you should include everything . everything that you you can . so common common voice , and also maybe just the huge english text , the ( ? ? ) size for example . the english side of ( ? ? ) two point zero . but , that will make it actually , double check the edible slt test set . double slt test webpage . because that indicates which corpora are like license , or are ok for for the constrained run . and it is ok to go beyond that . but if we are already limiting ourselves , it is more important to limit ourselves to uh , to what is the allowed for the common , for the constraint wreck . ( j ) ok , yeah- ( o ) so i 'll i 'll tell you or ask me again . so search for edible slt non-native task . ( j ) and maybe one last comment , there is if , if we are not running in online set up , then there is quite interesting feature from kaldi , that i can predict after each word , i can predict a silence token . and its duration and if the duration is longer than some threshold than it 's very good indication that there is end of sentence . so this can really help with segmentation . like the punctionation of the output . so maybe i can also pass this information to sangeet or and it can be i think very useful to the segmenter model . ( o ) yeah . ( j ) yeah , ok so that 's all i think from me . ( o ) ok , thank you . ( s ) i i would like to make a comment on . i have a vision of what the czech asr . so the very end , it would be good to have the segmentor integrated with the czech asr , like the once you ( ? ? ) . possible ? ( j ) well this is like kind of adding an acoustic information to the segmentor . because , yeah it predicts the silence after each word . and sometimes the duration of the silence is just zero . but sometimes it 's like quite i do n't know 20 milliseconds , or something , which is usually a big indication , that there is like end of sentence or at least a coma . so this could , like a kind of be like build in segmentation of the output . but i think there is still like some nlp needed to be done like it 's it 's not definitely not like it does not solve the task , but it can help quite a lot i think the segmentor . but i , yeah , i have n't played too much with it , because i just recently like discover it and so , maybe i will have more info in like couple weeks . ( s ) ok . thank you . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . so we are already running late . let 's , let 's try to be as quick as possible . matus . ( ma ) yes , so i have n't done very much this week . i have just finished the evaluating of my models . and so i i can confirm that- ( o ) is that 36 to 36 ? ( m ) it 's actually 42- ( o ) 42 to 42 , yeah . ( m ) which is , it 's working . so the scores are a bit lower than dominik 's scores for the iwslt test set . but only marginally lower , so so there is the benefit that that you have one model for all these languages . so , so perhaps . yes , so at the moment i do n't have anything to add so maybe maybe you could tell me like what to do next . or or if we want to what do we want to do with it . ( o ) yeah , so . it 's integrated , like in the sense that we can really use it in the in the daily tests of the whole set up ? ( m ) yeah , so i 'm not sure about it . so how does it work in their repo ? does , does it work like- should i integrated into the- ( o ) you should- that 's not not , that is not needed . what is needed is that sangeet knows how to run it , and he codes it into the scripts into the set up scripts . so part of the tools are running , and we can not run them ourselves at all , such as the edinburgh systems , and we still use them in the pipeline . but for the tools that we know how to start . we really should have like launchers or even installators and launchers within the cruise control repository . this is true for the kaldi set up . but it is not true for the janus set up and our uh , at our machines . this is one thing that sangeet should add . and we also need that for your model . and we probably do not have it for for the marian model , right dominik ? when you when you run the marian workers on our side . ( d ) in cruise control there are scripts which run the worker on the coster . ( o ) ok , yes so this is , this is what what needs to be there . i do n't know where these scripts are in cruise control , but yeah . ( d ) today installation and move marian and to do models . ( o ) yes , yes . so this is exactly what-so please put the path fo- how it is done . for marian . to , here to the document , so that matus knows what to mimic with the with the - is it still tensor to tensor ? ( m ) yes . ( o ) yeah . because i i i 've realized that tensor , or someone told me that tensor to tensor is kind of discontinued . ( d ) but we have , we have connected tensor to tensor model to mediator . the ( ? ? ) models . ( m ) yes . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) yes , i have just discovered that they have they have just discontinued tensor to tensor . ( o ) yeah , but that 's not a problem . let 's let 's live with that . yes . yeah , so so please integrate it so that it becomes an option and uh , so that we actually can really provide all the target languages , all the 42 languages with the subtitles , because that again will create the rainbow messages , much more verbous . and we need to test the pipeline with this level of of vol- like volume . so all the-we should really increase the set of cover languages , so that any monday seminar , or even a czech zoom call could have subtitles in kazakh or whatever we have . ( m ) hmm-hmm . ( o ) so this , this is for you and sangeet to to discuss . right ? ( m ) yeah and maybe maybe also , i would like to add that , that i still have the tpu computational capacity . so if jonas needs some some help in in making the the asr train faster , then maybe i could , i could help . so maybe- ( o ) that 's the , maybe not jonas but peter polak . because peter polak is also like he is still doing experiments for his ( ? ? ) . so he does n't want to focus too much on on this . and also he knows that like his- he has some english system th- systems trained , but his are more gpu hungry . it is n to n neural approach . where is the jonas set up is only , the does the hybrid approach . so it would more help peter polak . so if you if you have the e-mail of peter polak , then please contact him directly . ( m ) i 'm not sure , could you , could someone send it to me ? ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . or i 'll do . yeah , great . yeah , great , thank you . so i 'm happy that people are taking notes . and also , matus , you maybe getting some tasks from bergamot . so will see . so please , like balance it and let us know how you 're doing the sum-this will be mainly by michal novak , i i guess . ok . and then we still- i i still wanted to mention something . and i forgot what was that . yes , your models , matus . your models are also needed by atul . so atul are you still online ? atul , can you hear us ? ( a ) yes , yes . ( o ) so , so you need to use these models for the back translation . so we need to gather all the monolingual data , in all the 42 languages . and these should be translated to english with the models by matus . and that is what the tpu units , tpu units should be also useful for . because it should be really large data . you should get large romania , large serbian monolingual data . any anything at all . and this should be back translated into english . ( a ) okay . ( o ) so the the sooner you have anything , and the sooner you stream line this again . so that it 's easy for for you to to ship it to to matus . well , both of you are on the same disk . so you just agree where where to put it on the ufal disc , then , then just the better . so we- this should , please atul create like a directory of back translated text or monotext with back translation . and you should atul , you should populate it . and matus is populated with the translations . ( a ) ok , i will do it . ( o ) yeah , ok , that 's what i wanted . thank you . and we have 3 minutes or less for mohammad , so beware the call will be suddenly interrupted . at any point but if mohammad can still hear us , then let 's use these few minutes to to quickly hear of moha- about what mohammad is working on . if that works . yeah , so that 's the the connection to ( ? ? ) if often often unstable like it , it seems connected , but . ( s ) oh so ondrej , could you comment the path where i should ( ? ? ) conference which i interpreted . ( o ) this , well , anywhere , i do n't have any place for that , so where should we put it . ehm . ( s ) so what think i have to do is that i have to manually solve the audio according to the language , because if that ( ? ? ) . so , it was terrible . and because i , that 's why i ( ? ? ) asrs , because ...", "tgt": "tool segmenting the audio . multiparallel test set . audio visualization . other sangeet 's task . 21 languages test set . atul be in touch with annotators . asr worker not as good . creating new own one . czech asr experiment . tool to find the end of the sentence . 42 to 42 model . matus 's free tpu capacity . back translation ."}
{"src": "( s ) ( ? ? ) its just me and dominik . so i dunno who . hello dominik , can you hear me ? ( d ) yes , i hear you . ( s ) okay , so . its just me and you . and i dont see anyone . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) ( ? ? ) updated summary in my google doc . so , okay . i 'll start first . so , yeah , so i fixed the changes that you ( ? ? ) in the ( ? ? ) . so basically ( ? ? ) used to do is that it always acted only on sentence level . so then we , so like t- the problem which you faced was that you just ( ? ? ) complete paragraph comprising of multiple sentences , and there it failed . so , what i did is that . ( ? ? ) will put you give the , you give us text split into sentences and it will apply ( ? ? ) on sentences . on each sentence , they got it has been trained on sentence level . yeah , so that has been fixed . and , so yeah , and i tried with different data like your polish ( ? ? ) the best results and have ( ? ? ) with the segmenter , czech segmenter . however like if you remember i discussed with ( ? ? ) regarding the , it discuss regarding the , what about that . okay , nevermind , if i remember . and ( ? ? ) it was also disable ( ? ? ) and currently i am working on forced ( ? ? ) , and preparing and preparing timestamp outputs for all the ( ? ? ) the ( ? ? ) the manuality vice transcripts that we have from elitr and for elitr , so i 'm preparing ( ? ? ) timestamps for each these transcripts . and tommorow we also have ( ? ? ) watching session so i will prepare for that also . and next i need to prepare data for ( ? ? ) slt , and ondrej proposed that he needs a volunteer to test ( ? ? ) check for vojtech 's data collection application , so i think i should be the one doing it ecause , when he used the ( ? ? ) from his domain adaptation i just used to add it to the dictionary , but now when we have the language model scripts we can ( ? ? ) we can build a new language model by adding text to the current corpus , and i think that he 'll improve the asr . yeah . and ondrej also proposed that because he was also proposing that a few onths ago that daniel he left i think , because he was improvising the test set for elitr ( ? ? ) that we will be using , and so he was saying that we need to find someone to look into this data set and in the worst case scenario i 'll be the one doing this , but yeah , that 's all from me . hello dominik . ( d ) can you hear me now ? ( s ) yeah , i can hear you now . ( d ) okay , ( ? ? ) . ( s ) did you hear me when i what i spoke ? ( d ) yes , i heard you , i could n't speak only . so i need to ask when you say ( ? ? ) better on some data . data set , so how did you test it ? ( s ) so ( ? ? ) and recall . ( d ) on which test set ? ( s ) so test set fro- test set from each from each of this data set . so there was like no common test set . ( d ) okay . so , we we still dont know how does it improve the overall asr , right ? ( s ) we are all ( ? ? ) , asr ? ( d ) yes , yes . so it would be good if you if you integrated and then run asr and have someone who speaks czech to say whether its better or not , and if you can process some some file and estimate ( ? ? ) rate , and see whether its better with ( ? ? ) or without it , so this would be proper set . ( s ) ( ? ? ) , so i will write this to the google doc and , i will ( ? ? ) , i think this would be much appropriate and better option to process the ( ? ? ) so yeah . ( d ) yes of course . ( ? ? ) maybe ( ? ? ) would be to just take someone speaking czech and let him guess whats better , and second it would be to evaluate it ( ? ? ) test set . it would be maybe more complicated . okay . ( s ) ( ? ? ) , yeah and about that data collection supervising data collection test , data collection for elitr . so ( ? ? ) . ( d ) ( ? ? ) what is it . if ( ? ? ) set . ( s ) so ( ? ? ) collection . ( ? ? ) what were you saying ? ( d ) so ( ? ? ) test set for iwslt . ( s ) not for iwslt , not for iwslt but for elitr . ( d ) okay . ( s ) all the data set for test that we will be using for elitr , so ( ? ? ) was actually supervising that . maybe on ( ? ? ) . but this is the like outline story like . ( d ) yes . okay , so , can i start ? ( s ) yes , sure you can start , so i 'll pause my microphone . ( d ) yes , so i have the mt ( ? ? ) already know . ( s ) yeah , exactly so ( ? ? ) with , because i have time now . ( d ) yeah , so its , it can be integrated with our ( ? ? ) mts and later i can ( ? ? ) option to disable ( ? ? ) and then it would be easily integrated with edinburgh ( ? ? ) models if its necessary and i can update it ( ? ? ) models to enable batching and talk to edinburgh to update it on their side , specially the rainbow model . and the code need some refactorization . yeah , so i , we realize that the prefix empty on which i was walking last week , its not working better than the baseline that we already have , maybe better training could fix the quality but not latency and flicker . so until tomorrow i am writing papers , one is already done and the other must be written . its the ( ? ? ) about the subtitler ( ? ? ) to acl . ( ? ? ) . and i have to talk to ondrej about about my other tasks for next week and decide the suggestion , ( ? ? ) meets alfaview ( ? ? ) proccesing tool . the , to download the meetings done at alfaview from from their website and to process it to format for mediators . just to cut many many short videos , no audios . i should work on elitr iwslt submission . this is , it start at 17 . march and at the end of march so this is not critical and i sh- i can work on the asr mediator binding finally , and before we use to plan interpreting analysis and write a paper about it until i ( ? ? ) for coaling . so maybe to ask ondrej , what to do next . you , i guess you dont know , right ? ( s ) yeah . so okay , just a moment . ( ? ? ) i can update lindat mt to enable batching so ( ? ? ) its just batching going to affect liek what situation do you have ( ? ? ) . so we . yeah , so . ( d ) right now we expect that the translation time is immediate , so when so when asr emmits one hypothesis then the translation takes zero seconds and zero milisecond and is ready to display to the user . but in reality the translation take some time , about 200 miliseconds for , i dont know 50 words . and doing the translation asr emmits new hypothesis which updates the previous one , so we can skip the already outdated hypothesis between between translating . so , ( ? ? ) that it so one ( ? ? ) the input asr , and the other is sending it to sending it to empty and if two two sentences are updated at once then they are ( ? ? ) they are ( ? ? ) and send to empty at once and empty is ( ? ? ) is able to translate them to its able to translate 16 sentences in the same time as the one sentences . in a batch , for this means that we can ( ? ? ) 2 sentences at once and receive the translation . ( s ) okay , so you mean all the 16 sentences will be translated partirarly at once . ( d ) yes . in the same time . independently . ( s ) um-hum , okay . so but during live translation i think how th- ( ? ? ) really going to benefit as like how is it like to benefit does during live translation , because doing live translation i believe we do not have much text at once to translate . ( d ) yes , we have the incoming and its ( ? ? ) very often ( ? ? ) once . ( s ) um-hum , so these . ( d ) so maybe ( ? ? ) up to ( ? ? ) sentences at once . can be sent at one batch , and usually we can have four opened sentences . yeah . i am not saying anything right now . ( s ) okay , so sorry . i dont have any more questions . so , and we dont have anyone else . ( d ) yes . ( s ) so . ( d ) yeah , so we can close the session . ( s ) yeah , we can close the session and ( ? ? ) discuss in person on , about supervising test set for data collection for elitr . ( d ) yes . ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) see you . ( s ) see you , bye bye . ( d ) bye", "tgt": "problem with paragraph comprising of multiple sentences ( fixed ) . improving asr ( integrate and then run asr with person speaking czech ) . supervisor for data collection . translation time ( 200 miliseconds ) . milestones . sangeet need to prepare data for slt . dominik will work on elitr iwslt submission ( 17 . 03 . 2020 ) ."}
{"src": "( s1 ) hi . ( s2 ) hello . can you hear me ? ( s1 ) yeah . your view is , your view is bit distorted but i can still hear you . ( s2 ) hello . ( s1 ) yes i can hear dominik but- ( s2 ) hello . ( s1 ) hi , everyone ? ( s2 ) hi . ( s1 ) i i think there is noise coming from a matush 's microphone . yeah . ( s2 ) yeah ? can you hear me ? ( s1 ) yeah . it , it , it \u2019 s good now . so , let me know when to start . and if someone wants to break the ice . maybe you matusz . if you want to start ? ( s2 ) i i shall , shall we wait for ondrej or should we start ? ( s1 ) he , he said in the evening that start thing even without him . because he says , he is running bit late . ( s2 ) okay . okay , so from my side i 've been basically , um , quite busy with my thesis as there is a deadline in light . six days ehm ehm ( in acknowledgement ) so am i 've been mostly working on on that . and apart form that i 've consulted with ondrej that we might do the domain adaptation for the demo of the elitr project ehm ehm ( in acknowledgement ) like per , pertalk domain adaptation . but i just read some e-mail that there are some issues with like confidentiality of the transcripts and et cetera . so i am not sure if the speakers will allow us to get access to their talks before the actual event . so- ( s1 ) maybe . ( s2 ) if , if we have the recordings or even the transcripts beforehand , then uh we we can make the like a pertalk adaptation , because the idea was to show like the model without the talk adaptation and then run the model with the talk adaptation and show that the model is able to- yeah . and be fine tuned to a particular speaker or talk . so , so it \u2019 s . i think in a stage of discussion whether we can be allowed to use these transcripts or not . so , if if we are then i can definitely do the adaptation and yeah . ( s1 ) so , i think before the adaptation you 're using the sentences ehm the words which was sent by jan wojczech . so , are are you using that or are you adding some complementary data of your own ? ( s2 ) i 'm i 'm sorry . i i , there is things still some noise coming from somewhere . because i i 've overheard the the dataset you 've mentioned . ( s1 ) so , ehm i am talking about- ( s2 ) it w-it was vojtech . that name , just vojtech . ( s1 ) yeah wojczech . so . ( s2 ) yeah . vojtech , okay i see . ( s2 ) ahoj . yeah . yeah . yeah . i i 'm using the data from vojtech and then i am using like some , some additional texts like ba- based on the algorithms that i 've i 've came up with for my thesis . so they basically- like it extends , it extend the amount of domain texts if i get like domain boards , then i can find concrete context of theirs and also use technique with sentence embeddings to even more increase , um , the amount of textual data . so , so i 'm i 'm using like this approach . ( s1 ) ehm . okay . so . so , sh shall i speak now or ? ( s3 ) yeah . feel free to . my headphone is really sensitive so i can actually- ( s1 ) i should n't use oh the ... okay . ( s3 ) so , we have realised that it is impossible to sit in the same room and be on the same call with head , with headphones because its it always , uh , takes picks-up the the sound from the other one . so one would have to very carefully mute who is not speaking . sorry for coming late . and thanks for having started . so , yes feel free to continue . so , go one by one and i 'll add my notes at the end in the meantime . ( s1 ) yes . so , this week i was mainly , um , doing preparation for the demo meeting which was supposed to happen on friday , but did n't . and apart from that , from last week i kind of lost some of the directories that were like quite important and had i spent a lot of time- uh . ( s3 ) this is , this is worth , this is worth saying to to many people because , what happened was that sangeet received the script and that script was trying to do some clean-up of some temporary directories he had created . but the remove minus rf was too aggressive and the temporary directory did n't get created . so instead , everything got deleted . so , whenever you receive any script from anyone , be very careful . it was obviously not intentional . it was like a bug . ( s1 ) yeah . it was a bug . yeah . and another another thing , uh , which is , uh , very important , have back-up copies of everything that is de deployed in any way . so for this . there is already for months created and only peter polak has has actually populated it . uh , there is net data elitr , slash systems directory . and this is where everything should go . so for example , matus uh system should be there copied . uh , this is this is the last resort for recoveries . and in , uh , another thing that we have learned fr in the demo was that even if we have such recoveries , such backup copies . they may not be complete , if they are not fully tested . so definitely copy there what you have , but also try to replicate it , replicate it from that copy . because what happened karlsruhe was , that their servers room was down . they could n't even connect to the machines at all . they were simply off . and they had a spare back-up copy of their segmenter system , uh , which was a , uh , like a full image , uh , that should have been fully functional , but it was not . so they have spent half a day on getting to re trying to revive this this system , but it was not complete . so it was a better position that than what happened to sangeet , what this the removal . but still the back-up was incomplete . so do back-up . systems are big . modules are big . so makes the regular copies but that 's it . and version everything . that 's the that 's the thing . yeah . ok . so . sorry for interrupting you . but this is very important for everyone . ( s1 ) yes . i think that it was quite important but i had to spend like a a complete day yesterday to get everything back . but i did get it back . so that was the good part at the end of the day . and i also spent , uh , ss most of the time last week to uh to figure out some bugs , which dominik ultimately fixed and thanks to him . and , yeah , i think that 's all for this week . an and by end i 'm done certainly i am almost done with training the new language model and adapting the current english asr with , uh , demo adapted words . and . yeah . i i hope to get it done soon . yeah . so that 's all from me and anyone which is good can take over . ( s3 ) yeah . maybe , let \u2019 s , lets mention what moham mohammad wrote . uh . share to ( ? ? ? ) this . transcript for german . yeah . so . this was the on-demand , the very quick request to get , uh , some scores for the the systems that we are deval , uh , evaluating for the demo . uh , and , uh , the , uh , the question that i have is: whether mohammad already had a chance to evaluate the outputs . so , i know that matush sent the files and phill sent the files , uh , and we may have even other versions available , uh . not yet . but oth- other systems available . uh , but the question is , do we have the scores . so mohammad , please check . i know that you have commented the output somewhere . uh , but we need to know which of these systems are , uh , the better ones . ( s4 ) hi all . ( ? ? ? ) ( s3 ) yes . so , please paste the path name here into the google document . and maybe , since its just two systems , uh , but they are throwed across many files so some summary results should also go here into this document . so we can very quickly see which of these systems , uh , for each language , target language , is more promising . uh , but , uh , we should look at the details . because , the domains obviously make a big difference . ( s4 ) but shh . i should , evaluate files by files , yes ? ( s3 ) yes . please evaluate both . uh , the whole concatenated thing and also file by file by file or rather domain by domain . so , in the original layout like directory by directory . so the supreme audit domain and the antrecorp domain , uh uh . ( s4 ) yeah . yeah . i understand . ( s3 ) yeah . thank you . okay . thank you . so the next is dominik , right ? ( s5 ) yes , hello . so i actually do reviews for the audible slt system submission . so , i so you to need to finish a paper and until the 25th of may . yesterday i fixed the czech segmenter delay and i reduced it from ten seconds to approximately a hundred milliseconds . i mean , it is still imperfect , because it does n't use the following context , only the previous and sometimes it misses some full stops . so it needs to be fixed . but this fix is quite complex . and it also debates the he ( ? ? ) we have that one input segment in it 's one output . so we need to re redo it so that there sometimes , there are two output segments . i think and it just needs some new complementations . and i am fixing back-end asr for the submission of the core project i have feedback from my tutor . and after this should be done . it may be adapted to have to provide this scenario . just right now i updated it . so it should be working for ( ? ? ) asr but i restarted the ( ? ? ) worker that we have in ( ? ? ? ? ) and it did n't work . it has n't started . so i ca n't check it . ( s3 ) yes . so you . and you 've already e-mailed peter polak right ? ( s6 ) not yet . ( s5 ) yeah . then on friday we did writing of subtitling and i collected the data and i have n't done anything with with them . ( s3 ) yes . so this is actually very interesting thing . this is like the very first attempt to evaluate , to life evaluate spoken language translation . so people are watching subtitles and at the same time they are clicking on one of four buttons . and we need key strokes to speed it up , uh , and we also need to repeat this and uh like find the best practice how to actually do it because it is- i find it difficult to , uh , the to follow both so ehm its uh , the idea of manual evaluation of spoken language translation is extremely difficult . so we need to come up with , uh , the solid practice . this is a good starting point . and we will lear learn something from that . it definitely makes big differences . we see big differences between for example the source language or the source domain that that plays a big role in the final scores . uh , and and the languages , obviously . uh , but , uh to do a fine brained error analysis uh its uh is difficult . its not just tedious but its also complicated , how to actually do it . so i do n't know if one would em- this this is the the practice of interpreter evaluation . so this is what the teaches teachers of interpretation do . they listen to both , the input sound and the sound of the interpreter . and they make like tick , ticks on the on the table . so this is what we should try to learn ours ourselves an and do it simpler , obviously , because we do n't have their experience with that . but if you were interested in this , then get in touch . and also , if you expect that we will ask you for some help again with this once we have like another session to to run this evaluation in a better way . yeah . okay ? thank you . yeah . so that was dominik and then we have matus . ehm , yeah . so matus , free to . are you here ? ( s2 ) yeah . i am here . sorry i have been mu muted because of my microphone quality . uhm . yes . so , i i do n't have anything to report . but i will have time again from from the next week . so i i can again start working on your tasks , and and actually i would like to try some modifications of of the rainbow model , which i find interesting . uh , so so maybe like i could try what what you ment mentioned in the in the email in the morning with the shortening model . and also , i found a few papers about , uh , about making machine translation robust . which are , uh , of think , quite new . so its- so maybe i would , uh , fro try , uh , some of this to to improve performance on the on the ugly asr outputs . ( s3 ) yeah . with the shortening , i actually wanted to . yes , that \u2019 s good that you are bringing this up . uh , so , uh , we have already been asked that by the users . to make the subtitles easier to follow by shortening them . by removing drop words , like rl , not really drop words . but but by removing useless words and and so on . and at this moment , uh , we have an annotator , james level , uh , doing a to manual transcription of one of the demo videos , which is german speech . and it is already equipped with like professionally corrected subtitles in german . and what he is is speaking is a bit more verbose . so we also have the german data that illustrate this . but it will be only like 20 minute s long speech . and there is an older paper , i think its christina tutanova 's one , on sentence compression . and . so this is this is one of the works on on that . so this is something that we should look at as well . and i have ehm , uh , reviewed , uh , phd . thesis , that also , uh , they- it was rafael la , so lake , lakel , rlrl . . lake and then w and , uh , and this is rafael 's thesis also has these experiments on ehm the controlling the length of the output . and um it works pretty well for him . uh , so i think it should work for us was the for us as well . even in the multilingual modules , ideally . so uh , we should have a rainbow model that abbreviates while it translates . ( s2 ) o , also i i was thinking that a actually the there is a second thing that we could also try and not to just shorten the the translation , but also try to force the model to use the same , uh , synonyms every time . because yeah , uh . when , when translating like like ten times the same sentence . which gets longer and longer , then perhaps we will use different synonyms and the that will cause like translation speak to jump . ( s3 ) so the increased stability . you mean to increase stability by by that . ( s2 ) yes , yeah . ( s3 ) yeah . that would be also useful . and there are other papers that focus on stability . so , and i would like take it step wise . so for now , i would focus only on the shortening . and the stability would be the next thing . and i also know that the edinburgh people have been working on the stability somehow . so maybe they have a paper on that . i i do n't know exactly . ( s2 ) ehm . ( s4 ) so let \u2019 s focus on the shortening . okay . thank you . yeah , and then , okay , oh , well , so , but we have other . someone else . jonas is here , right ? so , jonas was not saying anything yet . so jonas , please add yourself or someone please add add jonas . ( s5 ) hi . hi there . i 've already spoke oh , okay . at the beginning before you came . but i i could do it . no . okay . it its not in the document so i was confused . ( s5 ) i will write it down to the document . ( s3 ) uhm . yeah . and i 've received en email from ( atol ? ? ) . he is not here unfortunately . which is , uh , uh , quite bad . so , what i wanted to say , aside from- so , uh , yes . there is still the demo , um , uh , on wednesday . so hopefully tomorrow , we should learn if a karlsruhe power supply is stable or not . uh , and , uh if it is , uh , then will schedule a new date . it can be as early as , uh , on friday . but i do n't . i 'm not sure if it if it will happen on friday or or not . and i would like to make use of this time , to , select , uh , the pipelines based on some evaluation . so , for mohammad , from mohammad we need the mt scores . and we should also try if we have any variance of of speech recognition systems . we probably do n't have that . yeah . so mm , i 'm thinking how to best proceed . so maybe the best idea would be to um . so and this is mainly for sangeet to again to prepare a full dry run session for the demo . with the the videos as we will use in the demo . and and we could invite a few of you , to help us with with the clicking . so that we see , for example , if one of the videos is is worse , uh , then we would go for the other one . and another related thing is the domain adaptation . so , sangeet do we have any response from tyson ? uh , you are muted . ( s1 ) i have n't . i have n't emailed him yet about the german asrs . ( s3 ) plea please do . oh . okay . okay . and whenever you are in slack , then look at whether he is active there or not . but he is not responding to my emails the so far . uhm . so , yeah , so i do n't know what what is happening there . and ehm so the german , uh , adaptation is problematic . the english adaptation is is ready , right ? you have remarked everything . so you can do even language model adaptation , right ? ( s1 ) yeah . i i i can do that on the english model . yeah . ( s3 ) so , please prepare the baseline workers and also the domain adapted including the language model . so , let \u2019 s call them like cheating workers , because they know what is going to be said . it is not sheathing , cheating in that real sense , because it is very often the case that a speeches are pre-written . and then the the speaker only pronounce like reads them loud , kind of . so it is good , uh , to to show both to have the the option to compare . and , so , prepare , prepare these workers for english . for each of the speeches and jonas , how is it with czech . you are ready to deploy the multiple worker ? the baseline workers and and the domain adapted ones ? the language module aware ones ? or is that a problem ? i think i we 've discussed this recently , but i do not know how how much time have for that . ( s6 ) yeah . its , it \u2019 s not a problem . i can do it . but i 've , i just check then email , that you 've sent today and from what i understood , there is , there are some issues with it like the confidentiality over the , whether we can use the- ( s3 ) that \u2019 s that \u2019 s a totally different thing . think that is a totally different thing . so the email for from today that \u2019 s the like the request from someone so that we do transcribing for them . so that is not related to the demo . ( s6 ) okay . okay , i see . so we and are are the transcripts for the demo available somewhere , then ? ( s3 ) yes , they are . so that \u2019 s because we have to- so , one is , so , uh , so sangeet have you sent me the short , the three minute transcript ? or not yet ? ( s1 ) not yet , but they are , they are in my logs . ( s3 ) yeah , please send me the path to that one . and i 'll i 'll correct that and- so that will be the short one . and for the long ones , uh , daniel already responded which of the consecutive videos will use . because , he said one them is , um , we are going to re-use the videos which are part of the elitr test set . and this is the videos where the english side was spoken by a non-native speaker . and the czech side is then after every paragraph , um , spoken , um , by a czech speaker . like a consecutive translation . so they are reading the the translation , pre pre-prepared translation . and we already have transcripts for this . and one of the files is , that i 've already like chosen correctly and the other speech is something which needs to be replaced with one where we do have the transcript . so essentially , it is the ist files in the elitr test set . for the conse sao consecutive . so jonas , are you following ? ( s6 ) yes . yes . ( s3 ) so , um , so it will be in czech . it will be three videos . one is the short one - three minute . uh , maybe maybe keep taking notes . ( s6 ) okay . ( s3 ) one , one is the three minute and i will correct that today . and and two more are like , um , 20 minutes each , i guess . and um , the transcripts are ready , because this is what the consecutive interpreters were saying . and daniel suchy is now cutting the videos so that we have like a separate english track and separate czech track . previously it was interleaved . so the original youtube video is interleaved . and daniel will split these two videos into four files . so that it is like always full only english . and then only czech . and only english and only czech for the second video . ( s1 ) ah , okay . great . ( s3 ) so this is this is the videos that will be showing . and we will be probably showing the same videos for both , czech source and english source . and the german s is like us aside that that \u2019 s two other videos . and we do not have the option yet until tyson says anything . we not we do not have the option , to , to inject the language model . ( s1 ) and , do you also need automatic transcript for these four video , four files ? this english , english and czech , and czech ? ( s3 ) not at the moment . um , it would , yes . so , please , do it . because , this is the , non-adapted workers . ( s1 ) yeah , yeah , yeah . and . and . i thought it would be good to compare it later , when we have the adapted workers . exactly . exactly . ( s3 ) please have these transcripts ready . uh and uh then we 'll measure the scores as well for when um when jonas injects um , the the czech language model later . ( s6 ) and the deadline for this is for this friday or next friday ? ( s3 ) definitely this friday . and earlier would be better , because there is little chance that the demo could take place this friday already . ( s2 ) mm-hmm . ( s6 ) ok . so it should be . ( s2 ) so , please could you one more time repeat the path to to the test set ? is it in elitr test set- ( s3 ) 29:34 let me check the- github elitr its iwslt non-native test set actually and i 'm not sure whether you have access to that . so that is a , that \u2019 s a potential problem . test set sao consecutive , uh , and oh there is not . mm-hmm , so we had not committed these . slt ufal slt datasets uh . and now we are probably running into the problem that um . ( ? ? ) dev set parts . first review . mm ist it should ve versioned . strange . that vg that , okay , done , released as . so it should be dutch and ( ? ? ? ? ? ) is missing . it should be done . so i 'm pasting now to the google document . where is that . mmmmm . ( ? ? ? ? ? ) i figure the bullet points , do n't know why they always break for you . so yes . keep them , on , there is there is a button for the bullets up yeah mm so this is the sao consecutive , um , this is where the test set should be . i 'm copying it now from like a our sh our sheet . and it should be austrian and dutch , ant it should be ttcs read . so the files , um , files called um austrian and dutch , i guess . umm with the suffix ttcs read and uhm the sound the sound is um in dot is . waw because that like , that 's like interpreted . strange . i 'm not sure if this is . uhmm . yeah hopefully it is like that . so . 32:11 ( s2 ) so . so at the end there should be like non adapted version of the model . and then second version , which is fine-tuned on these texts , right ? ( s3 ) so , actually . when i say non-adapted , lets um um lets make it clear . so , um so the ideal system audio workers um to be deployed for the demo . non-adapted , um , so fully generic um uh csende asr and then adapted , adapted non-injected so this is a already including whatever vojtech found and created . um , um , wordless as well as lm data , if any . and now , accept , um , for the talk themselves and then um um lm injected um and that um includes the exact speech transcript . so this is the ideal . and this one , the adapted . so actually , no , no , no , no no . yeah . an and then the order of importance is this one . this is the most important one . this is the second most and third one . um . um . numbers indicate priorities . so , the most important one is the generic . like is the adapted one for the domain . we do n't have these yet , right ? at this moment we only have three . sangeet , please confirm . ( s2 ) yes . yes . i yes . because . i i . ( s3 ) are you following ? are you looking at the- is is sangeet looking ( ? ? ? ) yeah . ( s1 ) yes , so its created from only generic czech , english , german . so we have right now um . ( s3 ) this is what we have . ( s3 ) ( s1 ) because i i. are there ? i get it . yeah . ( s2 ) are there already some data from vojtech ? because i have n't received any like to domain data , uh . get in touch with him . i think he did . ( s1 ) i think he sent them , you were in that email . but anyways i will send it to you again . ? ? ? ( s2 ) that . that will be great . ( s3 ) there is a directory that sangeet is now populating , right ? so , where is ? yeah . where are all the , um , demo , um , preparation files ? so this is . sangeet , i i i thi i in e in an email yesterday i sent you that it would be good if you could put all the videos and all the data to one talk level adaptation sub drive , right ? do you remember ? ( s1 ) yesterday ? ( s3 ) hhmm . or the day before yesterday . ( s1 ) so sangeet . the demo , vid video which we are , which we will be presenting there in the main- yeah , i have i have them downloaded . but- ( s3 ) yes . yes . please organise them in this directory . and only simling them or from where you now use them . uh , please find ondrej 's email . is it okay . can you also ? yeah . i i 'll find it . ( ? ? ? ) . it was mentioning uh uh net data elitr ta data sources talk level adaptation and uh and asking you to create a sub direct . so this is , this is , this is where everything should go into . so this is , please sangeet fix this path when uh you find this . when you create the sub direct . and back to the workers types . uh , what we have now is the non-adapted one yeah . uh and uh we uh have the data from vojtech so we should use uh them to create the adapted models . and , uh , once this is done , then we should also run the lm injected ones . so that will be really with the exact speech transcript . ( s1 ) okay . mhm . ( s3 ) so does that make sense jonas ? ( s2 ) yeah , yeah . it does . if you please sangeet could send me , resend the email from vojtech . ( s1 ) yeah . i will , i will send you that . ok , so i will . i will make it a priority and try to like make it , i do n't know , thur till thursday morning , is it ok ? ( s3 ) yeah . yeah . yeah . and also jonas , do you have any english worker or not at all ? english model in kaldi , no . ( s2 ) not at this moment . ( s4 ) yeah , okay so you are- yeah . you do n't have any . yeah . ( s2 ) like , yeah . i i had- i tried the mozilla common voice uhm . but i do n't know . do , do we want to use that one ? or- ? ( s3 ) i think it would be worth trying . because we are in better control over this then uh modules by karlshruhe . but it , it is a lower priority . ( s2 ) how is the ami . kaldi ami worker ? ( s3 ) yep . ( s5 ) because in the ( ? eideblesselt ? ) system this was the other primary submissions , so i believe . yeah . it should be deployed , possibly . ( s2 ) well the ami worker was provided by ondrej klejt , but it is not too difficult to replicate the- because he used , or from what he told me , he used some kaldi set-up which is . so its not- it shouldn \u2019 t be- ( s3 ) so it never was a worker . it was just a system run . okay . ( s2 ) yes . this was just the sys . exactly . but we , we could train our own ami system . i think it \u2019 s , it could be quite interesting , yeah . potentially . ( s3 ) yeah . so , let \u2019 s not plan to do this for the demo . uh , but let \u2019 s put it into the back of our heads as a , like an improvement for the english , uh , uh , asr system . and let \u2019 s do it later . we can always say in the demo that based on our other ( ? eideblessel ? ) evaluation we have a better system . a recipe to get a better system , but we haven \u2019 t done that yet . we 've just evaluated something and we know what , what we should do now . ( s2 ) mhm . yeah . that \u2019 s sounds like a good , good thing . ( s3 ) uh , so . sangeet , another thing that i asked you before was to have , uh , like a set of slots of these test sessions . uh , please put them , put them here . directly in this document okay . okay . it \u2019 s for the upcoming . it \u2019 s wednesday , thursday , friday and then , uh , two or three days for the next week . fix sometime whenever you are available to to come to the office and and have this running and people will sign-up , when they are able to follow . and , ehm , for each of these days , please also , ehm , indicate what should be deployed by by then . or like wh what would , what is going to be tested . and obviously this will get improved , as as people provide new things . uhm , yeah . ( s1 ) and should we also include ( ? ? ? ) in these tests ? ( s3 ) yeah . that \u2019 s right . that that \u2019 s right . yeah . so , mm either put it here or put it in the demo document and link demo document from here . ( s1 ) or why do n't i also put in the , put it the document and write an email and- ( s3 ) yeah . but , but it actually belongs better to the demo , the demo document . because we also want other parties to be involved in this . ( s1 ) yeah . okay . okay . okay , you were talking about the demo document . okay . ( s3 ) yeah . okay . so remember , in four minutes we are going to be cut off , a forcefully . so is there anything else to , uh , to say ? ( s2 ) just a check . ( ? ? ) yeah . okay . please . no , no , just a confirmation if the new models should go into the electro systems directory already ? and the so . for the demo ? ( s3 ) uh , so , uh , ss , yes , wel . what is , what is a model . so , uh , this this elitr system is for back-up of the important things and these models are fairly important , because they will serve in the demo . so , yes , they they should go there . the question is , if we are looking at these idle workers , uh , does it mean like three almost identical copies of the same thing ? uh , yes , feel free to make it as free identical copies . or feel free to make it cleverer , so that will be one directory which will have three , three start-up files in , in there . whatever is more convenient for you . ( s2 ) ehm . okay . so i will probably check with sangeet , right ? ( s3 ) yeah . yeah . and and definitely , uh , we need to be very careful about not confusing thing . so , we need to know which worker- the workers have sig should have signatures that indicate it , for which talk they are adapted . and sangeet needs to have the set-ups , the the launching scripts ready for each of these . and it would . it should very clearly say: `` you have now launched this and you have now launched this . '' and , uh , there is a very big risk of of mis messing things up . so , uh , the log there . shuld . does the log there mention the workers ? the exact fingerprints of workers that were used ? ( s1 ) yeah . yeah . ( s3 ) ma make sure its there , because we need to see when we get the log theirs then , which worker was used . whether it was the lm injected or the adapted or the non-adapted . ( s1 ) so basically the logs also have the command behold pipeline . as a text , as a text file so and basically it contains everything . ( ? ? ? ) ( s3 ) but the platform is free to like to downgrade to go into more generic models , uh , and that could change the behaviour of the pipeline . if i understood correctly , if your exact fingerprint is not available , it will easily drop the domain and launch , uh , uh , the generic model . ( s1 ) yeah , yeah . i i understand . so basically when i use domain adapted and lauch a new worker that very fingerprint , that very worker should have a unique signature . ( s3 ) yeah . yeah . so ho- ( s1 ) that \u2019 s what you mean . ( s4 ) we need to know which worker was actually used . whether the adapted one or the non-adapted one . ( s1 ) yes , that \u2019 s what i am saying that i have . so basically the pipeline which basically learns it \u2019 s saved a text file .", "tgt": "special client \u2019 s request made for the demo / model . to shorten subtitling to make it easier to follow . approach agreed to satisfy the request . to concentrate efforts on shortening , output length control and text compression . to apply rainbow model modifications and create the rainbow model that abbreviates while it transcribes . to develop and perform fine-tuned spoken language error analysis . life-evaluate spoken language translation - create methodology and solid practice . fix the czech segmenter ; particularly time delay and following context usage issues . full dry-run session , inclusive videos that will be used ( types of videos have been already . selected and are being prepared ) . mt score variances for the speech recognition systems . automatic transcripts in czech and english . domain adaptations inclusive language model adaptations ( english , czech ) . types of baseline ami workers to be deployed . test session slots with what is going to be tested in each session . talk top level sub-directory for back-up and materials that should be saved there . karlsruhe power supply stability . transcripts to create adapted language action deadline: friday 22 may 2020 or earlier . model stability \u2013 as other team is working on it already and some information might be available . german videos \u2013 due to the lack of possibility to induce them with the language model . training of in-house created ami workers serving as an improvement to the english asr system . meeting members have been advised to handle carefully received scripts , to have back-up copies of everything that is being deployed , to version everything and to replicate from the copies as well in order to mitigate operational and reputational risk ."}
{"src": "( ? speaking in czech language ? ) so it- it would be great if you could quickly explain what is your current status of the speaker adaptation data collection interface that you are-you are working on and the document the elitr surge 2020 organisation and add in one or two points that mention your name and the one that i would like to specifically focus on is the `` regular '' data flow from you to sanghid . and what i mean by that is that i would like in the very few coming weeks that you two are in close touch and whenever you vojtech have some data in the system then you know where to- like how to share them with the- with sanghid . so that the data actually makes it to the models . so this is something that is- it is like the final part the final stage of what you are developing . your developing to what people will aplausing and all that . but in the end we want to have a benefit from that and the benefit is that it will be included in the particular systems . so this is something that i would like to set up soon and test at all the possible occasions . so that this final integration is actually he most stable and best tested part . sorry . ( ? phone call in czech language ? ) so that 's another collegue will join . so now vojtech if you can describe what is the status you are working on and ehm specific what would be the best way to link your work directly to sanghid . oh yeah sure . first of all i would like to apologize because i was busy wit- with exams but tomorrow i have a final exam for this exam perial so i should be more availa- avai- whatever . and the current status is that i have some scripts for converting , data and extracting the most of common words from the data and furthering the words comparing to the dictionary of already known words . but the scripts are working but they are n't in the pipeline . so i know i have to run one script then run second script then run third script so right now my goal is to compress all the scripts to single one so in the end all- in the end it would work like- like this . you have a directory with all the documents , downloaded from the web containing the- the relevant domain-specific dat- data and then you just run the script and the ( ? ? ) are the most common words from the- from the corpus . and optionally filtering that corpus using the dictionary of already known words . okay , i would like to make sure that- so this sounds good and it 's totally ok that you had your time for the exams , that's- you do n't need to apologize for that . but it 's good to mentioned it and- i 'd just like to double check that script the final one which will take the directory and do the all the processing is kind of re-interend . not in the sense that you should be able to run it twice at the same time but- so the correct word is actually idempotent or idempotent ( different pronounciation ) . so that you- if you give it the same directory once and then for the second time it will emit the exact same result and the reason for it is that we expect these directories to grow in time . so we want some permanent version of dictionary and then we find further documents related to the speaker so we just dump them to the- yes , yes . and we want the process again you convert what has not been converted and merge what is new and- so so i think the most expensive part is the four- file convert- conversion so if you make some reasonable policy about the file naming then you can easily simply create the non-existent ( ? ? ) files and non-existence segment files and then re-do the dictionary from scratch that is not- usually not too expensive . it could be expensive it 's a large corpus of files in which case again you would have dictionaries per source and the step that you would repeat would be merging of this- already- like collective agregated dictionaries . \u00e2 \u00e2 so this is- yeah so i 'm already checking for that you- so your already existing script as our base line for converting edit and a that script contin checking for already converted files so- yeah , ok ( ? ? ) files are actually converted yeah , that 's great . i have another question , and that question is related to the front end , if you have started , probably not yet on , like , reviving what daniel has implemented the collection of source . so the web front end where people can upload their files . have you started doing anything about this ? ehm excuse me , i missed the question . so the question is , at the beginning of your pipeline there 's the user the presenter who is bringing his files and in one of the links i 've provided you at the beginning was a link to daniel such\u00e3\u00bd who has already implemented very simple web collector web file collector , some simple web page where people can upload- oh , yes . their files to folders each folder per talk . one folder per talk . so my question is whether you have already started looking at this or not . ehm right now i 'm not using that i-i just manually put the folders put- put the folders into the ( ? ? ) but the - ok , so that 's ok . the reason i 'm asking is to mention what we have discussed today at the supreme audit office . so they are definitely going to have many source files for us . the structure of the ( ? ? ) will still evolve , so we need to be flexible with that but we are discussing what is the best way for them to give us all these files and i said that in march , in a month from now , we should hopefully be able to propose to to suggest interphase where they could upload the files and if the some restructuring of the folders we can do it behind the scene and then tell them ok , now the directories are-are updated to your current agenda and please keep uploading the files again . so this is- this is something which would be good to have running in march when they could start uploading their documents and there we would also test whatever forments they have and what other problems it this creates . so i hope that it the timing is good for you . that around march you should be able to have this running . i think it 's possible . well what should i give . yeah and there 's one more thing and that is the confidentallity of the data . so therefore they indicated that some of the files they will have will be public files which should- maybe they have- there are ( ? ? ) so it 's downloadable from somewhere or they simply know the files will be published and they can give them to us as files and that 's ok but there will also be another set of files which are strictly confidential for like the project . and i suggested that we could have two copies of this ( ? ? ) interface like two views . and one of the view would be green on green ground and that would be all the files which are non-sensitive and the there will be another like layer of that that would be like copy of that uploaded interface and that would have red background that would be used for files which must not leave the the faculty they ca n't be used . the whole process of processing ( ? ? ) including is ok but the files as such can not be compa ( ? ) to any corpus or whatever . so this is one more feature request on that user interface to separate like layers or gags of permissions for files . yeah , sure , i- i will take it into the consideration yeah ok , so that's- that 's very good progress and now to my original question . what is the best type of collaboration that you could start with sanghid , the regular data flow . you mean meating like this ? yes , exactly . so if there is a session going to happen , what i would like to- to be able to is just like dump the files on you and then you would process them your system will process it and you would pass it to sanghid and then i would tell- so i would- i would simply know that we are going to give the demo on one particle day . it would be this person talking about this and that . i would dump the files for you ehm on you . and get the models or- ask sanghid to run it and sanghid would run and adapt it model on that . so this- this is the transfer of the data , well actually should be all on ufal disks so its not reveal transfer the data . but you need some communication protocol kind of so that sanghid knows where to pick it up and how to integrate it and this needs to be ( ? ? ) it will take a while until you stabilize on the procedure . so that why im asking early . yes , sure , so- basically except thursday , on thursday i 'm busy with school . yeah , ok , so after the exam period is over you can start loking into this . yes- yes , after the i have-i have school basically , i will be busy on thursday . so- so from when- from when should sanghid contact you about this ? so when you are going to be available ? if ( ? ? ) ( ? speaking in czech language ? ) ok , so do we have anybody- oh we have ota connected so ota can you hear us ? we do n't hear you . maybe vojtech will be available- sanghid- ( ? ? ? ) yes exactly . so- so far we have been doing talk adaptation kind of on the just manually . and i would like talkable adaptations the automated as much as possible and this adapta- this- this automatization is that i throw files on- on vojtech and he gives everything and the language modul and all that to- \u00e2 ( ? ? ) he has- so- something that would- has to be discussed but he has the text . so that would be the best i think , yes . i can- i can hear you now\u00e2 yes . ( czech language ) i could- i heard before but you didnt hear me . yeah , yes ok . so ota please let us know what you are working on . so i i 'm trying to make the webster kit connection working . that i- i use for uploading the data to ( ? ? ) or to online text club and that im using the ( ? ? ) for it it kind of tall ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) some packet . so i looking to the plain webster kit connection would probably be more predictible and more easire to the ( ? ? ) maybe . so maybe also some set up on the apache that needs to be done . but i have you know i read the web and try it to ehm can ( ? ? ) hopefully i will have something by tomorrow . and the , so that we ready for next week . and the system is working . yes , on ( ? ? ) to yes , i hope you are , but i 'm sure- i'm- i 'm . on wednesday the drive one session . yes . and on monday from one we have like pre-drive one here in charles university . i do n't know whether you have to be there or not thats not important , wednesday is more important- wednesday ? and we could make it as a live test of i dont know if they will have full twenty five machines watching the- watching these the sub- the subtitles of what we are saying . so that would- that would be threst test for you so it would be good to see you . i know . so you 're planning for that , excellent . i 'm yeah ok ( ? ? ) mentioned , i need to put together documentations with chiara , actually did n't contact her yet , probably i should . so i wan na say so these webster kits and ( ? ? ) tomorrow to work on it . i did n't have much time- yes i hope to contact her- i also- ihave some documentation already but i will reflect that it 's the webster kit . so , yeah , i will then send it to her maybe early next week she should know , so that we can- we can ( ? ? ) and this documentation that you are sending to chiara that is also related to their- to the document that she sent where there were the functional requirement on the presentation platform or not ? was it there in reply to your-\u00e2 i 'm not sure i have the document because i- i know you wrote to me that chiara will be involved and i do n't know if she required ( ? ? ) going on . i probably need to read once again your message and the- yes . so do i. so i recieved an e-mail from chiara yesterday that she 's already busy this week and she- we should like schedule call maybe for the next week . so please when you are doing this please stop ( ? ? ) but then we should probably sold all to chiara with one call . so that . s youre now my deputy for communication with chiara . ok , ok , ok . and do you have already some meeting planned ? no not yet exactly so this ( ? ? ) to start it . yeah . ok , thank you . ota will ( ? ? ) the discussion with chiara on documenting and also functional requirements on presentation web forms ( ? ? ) so thank you that was ota and there is no one else remotely present so maybe dominik if you could start ( ? ? ) what- what we have here . whats your status . so i 'm working on ( ? ? ) speech consilation and i now i 'm going to train we fix the ( ? ? ) empty moduls to work on prefixes into prefixes . i 'm just starting to work with- work alliance . yeah , thank you . so thats good . ( ? ? ) evaluation to the set ( ? ? ) it should test it on the real data . dominik sent me some files from - i think ( ? ? ) something like that so i- i think i started to download them and re-check if they- i can convert them to our suitable forms . and also ( ? ? ) i will check the light files so- ( ? ? ) send me to them morning and i just- i think we should ( ? ? ) most important test now is to prepare data for iswslt . i think thats something like that we promised to make it ready this ( ? ? ) and by me and ondrej should finalize this test now and that 's all i think . ok thank you . we already have to ( ? ? ) scripts for ( ? ? ) translation . yes , but if- the problem is the ( ? ? ) info should be exactly some- some ( ? ? ) yes , yes , if- yes , now it 's ready- where can i find it ? hm ? where you can find it ? i think- so let 's discuss that after that but during today , like right after we close the screening- so since monday i was busing transcribing recordings that was share by daniel ( ? ? ) \u00e2 there were like quite a number of ( ? ? ) and then today i also processed time stamp lock ( ? ? ) for ibrahim 's evaluation tools . i also fixed the tool ( ? ? ) for english segment that capitalizating the first letter for proper nouns but i still need to do this manually for the czech segmenter . like- yeah , so- ( ? ? ) do n't know it how to do that and yesterday i with help of dominik and it department fixed- ( ? ? ) i mean , that yes our ( ? ? ) on to run the ( ? ? ) so that was good move so did- so we can totally run ( ? ? ) on monday , we can start everything ourselves- yes , so the docker , i 'm working on the docker images that was shared by felix so we do n't have the segmentor yet . not the segmentor , only the ( ? ? ) worker on some machines . i would again try , since we got the docker file for that as well- yes . i would try installing it from scratch so than we do n't have to ( ? ? ) it , right ? yes . ok , it 's right . ( mumbling ) so i 'm very much afraid of running the docker on some virtual machine- ( ? ? ) that 's even worse , like that 's something that we- so that 's what i- if it 's possible , so if we can have separate account on the docker support in ( ? ? ) file so the way they handle it ( ? ? ) is that they would create virtual machine for us where they 'll allow docker . they can do that- so please ask dominik and sanhi- or sanghid , please ask jindra- ok . that- and show him the docker file that we have and that we need to process this in pipe line actually . so it does n't have to be really in pipe line it has to be ( ? ? ) so ( ? ? ) which connects to mediator , right ? it is- yeah . so , like a stand a low virtual machine docker is something that- that would do the job yeah , but this is what we need like for permanent use . because we can not turn too many segmentors from the laptop . yes , exactly , so we need if you instance it actually . ( ? ? ) yes . yeah we got a gpu . so please ask for virtual machine for this and try to set it up- maybe ask today and we do n't need it for monday we can- we could make it on wednesday and we definitely need it for next monday because there is a very high risk of- of not having calculate system . alright . and apart from focusing in text segmentor like analyzing the first word letter of the proper nouns , i would like to discuss how to increase the f- the recall for that for the stop and periods . so one solution which i propose is that ( ? ? ) smaller segments i would like to except and it can be once use not to fix . did you try to ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) segmentor process the source as it comes so one ( ? ? ) start . that 's ( ? ? ) yours . ( ? ? ) yours when there process- from the beginning- segmentor from the beginning , it can be process as the beginning of the sentence it must be ( ? ? ) yes , the last segment that message . so i do n't know the details- ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) somehow find a way ( ? ? ) just to take the last message the ( ? ? ) so i think i need to use the time stamps to- yes . ok . we ( ? ? ) the time stamps ( ? ? ) and what about how to fix the mediant ? i actually do n't know what 's the ( ? ? ) to look to some puts . actually on i was that we have a list number of periods . so if- so recall it 's low proposing pits frequently . frequently , we need more frequent for the stops and the text ( ? ? ) period ( ? ? ) so like you would think reduce the ( ? ? ) or something like that . i- i have to look on it , maybe there 's something yeah that 's all from me and- ok , thank you . so i think that we do n't have anyone else on the call . no . ok , let's- let 's like oficially close this session with the reminder that everybody should enter themselves for specific things they have done to the- to the google sheet . so that i can add some point for that . so remember that , it 's quite important . and also if you have not filled the youtube- sorry , the doodle ( ? ? ) for regular meetings , please do so . i was expecting to see soon it and after here because both of them mentioned in the doodle ( ? ? ) that they are available but- yeah , ok . i 'll talk to them seperately , maybe my misunderstanding for they- it ok . one thing i want to- so about the search for the ( ? ? ) we were contact few days back and also i was not willing to- so basically the fix ( ? ? ) and the output with phone it was not supported by eb plan so i proposed that we meet it- we meet physically in his office and fix it- yes . ( ? ? ) in the office . maybe tomorrow he is in the building . yes , tomorrow he 's coming . i just want ( ? ? ) i just ( ? ? ) instantly and this needs to be fix , it 's like- yes . more instantly like- exactly , yeah , yeah . thank you . so that 's it . i think it 's everything for today . so thanks for those who are on the remote call and will be in touch by e-mail . so remember to fill the doodle of your availability , ok ? thank you , bye bye .", "tgt": "introduction of vojtech \u2019 s work , goal is to compress all scripts into one . the way how to upload files . confidentallity of the data . data flow from votech to sanghid . ota \u2019 s work introduction . dominik \u2019 s work introduction . dominik processed time stamp and fixed the tool for english segment . vojtech to make policy about the file naming . ota to contact chiara . dominik needs to manually fix the tool for czech segment . sanghid to ask jindra about virtual machine . sanghid needs to fix the mediant . fill in google sheets . fill in availability to doodle . test will run on monday ."}
{"src": "( ? speaking in czech language ? ) ( o ) so it- it would be great if you could quickly explain what is yourcurent status of the speaker adaptation data collection interface that you are-you are working on and in the document the elitr surge 2020 organisation , i 've one or two points that mention your name and the one that i would like to specifically focus on is the `` regular '' data flow from you to sangeet . and what i mean by that is that i would like in the very few coming weeks , that you two are in close touch and whenever you vojtech have some data in the system then you know where to- like how to share them with the- with sangeet . so that the data actually makes it to the models . so this is something that is- it is like the final part the final stage of what you are developing . you are developing to what people will upload things and all that . but in the end we want to have the benefit from that and the benefit is that it will be included in the particular systems . so this is something that i would like to set up soon and test at all the possible occasions . so that this final integration is actually he most stable and best tested part . sorry . ( ? phone call in czech language ? ) so that 's another collegue will join . so now vojtech if you can describe what is the status , what you are working on and ehm specific what would be the best way to link your work directly to sangeet . ( v ) oh yeah sure . first of all i would like to apologize because i was busy wit- with exams but tomorrow i have a final exam for this exam perial so i should be more availa- avai- whatever . and the current status is that i have some scripts for converting the data and extracting the most of common words from the data and furthering the words comparing to the dictionary of already known words . but these scripts are working but they are n't in the pipeline . so i know i have to run one script then run second script then run third script . so right now my goal is to compress all the scripts to single one , so in the end all- in the end it would work like- like this . you have a directory with all the documents , downloaded from the web containing the- the relevant domain-specific dat- data and then you just run the script and the output of the script are the most common words from the- from the corpus . and optionally filtering that corpus using the dictionary of already known words . ( o ) okay , i would like to make sure that- so this sounds good and it 's totally ok that you had your time for the exams , that's- you do n't need to apologize for that . but it 's good to mentioned it and- i 'd just like to double check that script the final one which will take the directory and do the all the processing is kind of re-interend . not in the sense that you should be able to run it twice at the same time , but- so the correct word is actually idempotent or idempotent ( different pronounciation ) . so that you- if you give it the same directory once and then for the second time it will emit the exact same result and the reason for it is that we expect these directories to grow in time . so we want some permanent version of dictionary and then we find further documents related to the speaker so we just dump them to the- yes , yes . and we want the process again to convert what has not been converted and merge what is new and- so so i think the most expensive part is the four file format conversion so if you make some reasonable policy about the file naming , then you can easily simply create the non-existent ( ? ? ) files and non-existence segment files and then re-do the dictionary from scratch that is not- usually not too expensive . it could be expensive it 's a large corpus of files in which case again you would have dictionaries per source and the step that you would repeat would be merging of this- already- like collective agregated dictionaries . so this is- yeah so i 'm already checking for that you- so your already existing script as our base line for converting the data and a that script contin checking for already converted files so- ( o ) yeah , ok ( v ) ( ? ? ) files are actually converted ( o ) yeah , that 's great . i have another question , and that question is related to the front end , if you have started , probably not yet on , like , reviving what daniel has implemented the collection of source . so the web front end where people can upload their files . have you started doing anything about this ? ( v ) ehm excuse me , i missed the question . ( o ) so the uestion is , at the beginning of your pipeline there 's the user the presenter who is bringing his files and in one of the links i 've provided you at the beginning was a link to daniel such\u00fd who has already implemented very simple web collector web file collector , some simple web page where people can upload- ( v ) oh , yes . ( o ) their files to folders each folder per talk . one folder per talk . so my question is whether you have already started looking at this or not . ( v ) ehm right now i 'm not using that i-i just manually put the folders put- put the folders into the ( ? ? ) but the - ( o ) yeah , ok . ok , so that 's ok . the reason i 'm asking is to mention what we have discussed today at the supreme audit office . so they are definitely going to have many source files for us . the structure of the talks will still evolve , so we need to be flexible with that but we are discussing what is the best way for them to give us all these files and i said that in march , in a month fom now , we should hopefully be able to propose to to suggest interface where they could upload the files and if the some restructuring of the folders we can do it behind the scene and then tell them ok , now the directories are-are updated to your current agenda and please keep uploading the files again . so this is- this is something which would be good to have running in march when they could start uploading their documents and there we would also test whatever formats they have and what other problems it this creates . so i hope that it the timing is good for you . that around march you should be able to have this running . i think it 's possible . ( v ) well what should i give . ( o ) yeah and there 's one more thing and that is the confidentallity of the data . so therefore they indicated that some of the files that they ill have will be public files which should- maybe they have- there are urls ( ? ? ) so it 's downloadable from somewhere or they simply know the files will be published and they can give them to us as files and that 's ok but there will also be another set of files which are strictly confidential for like the project . and i suggested that we could have two copies of this user interface like two views . and one of the view woul be green on green ground and that would be all the files which are non-sensitive and then there will be another like layer of that that would be like copy of that uploaded interface and that would have red background that would be used for files which must not leave the the faculty they ca n't be used . the whole process of processing and including is ok but the files as such can not be compiled into to any corpus or whatever . so this is one more feature request on that user interface to separate like layers or types of permissions for files . ( v ) yeah , sure , i- i will take it into the consideration ( o ) yeah ok , so that's- that 's very good progress and now to my original question . what is the best type of collaboration that you could start with sangeet , the regular data flow . ( v ) you mean meatings like this ? ( o ) yes , exactly . so if there is a session going to happen , what i would like to- to be able to is just like dump the files on you and then you would process them your system will process it and you would pass it to saneet and then i would tell- . so i would- i would simply know that we are going to give the demo on one particle day . it would be this person talking about this and that . i would dump the files for you ehm on you . and get the models or- ask sangeet to run it and sangeet would run and adapt it model on that . so this- this is the transfer of the data , well actually should be all on ufal disks so its not reveal transfer the data . but you need some communication protocol kind of so that sangeet knows where to pick it up and how to integrate it and this needs to be polished . it will take a while until you stabilize on the procedure . so that why im asking early . ( v ) yes , sure , so- basically except thursday , on thursday i 'm busy with school . ( o ) yeah , ok , so after the exam period is over you can start loking into this . ( v ) yes- yes , after the i have-i have school basically , i will be busy on thursday . ( v ) so- so from when- from when should sangeet contact you about this ? so when you are going to be available ? ( v ) if ( ? ? ) ( ? speaking in czech language ? ) ( o ) ok , so do we have anybody- oh we have ota connected so ota can you hear us ? we do n't hear you . maybe vojtech will be available- sangeet- ( ? ? ? ) yes exactly . so- so far we have been doing talk adaptations kind of on the just manually . and i would like talkable adaptations the automated as much as possible and this adapta- this- this automatization is that i throw files on- on vojtech and he gives everything and the language modul and all that to- ( ? ? ) he has- so- something that would- has to be discussed but he has the text . so that would be the best i think , yes . ( ot ) okay , i can hear you now . ( o ) yes . ( czech language ) ( ot ) i could- i heard before but you didnt hear me . ( o ) yeah , yes ok . so ota please let us know what you are working on . ( ot ) so i i 'm trying to make the webster kit connection working . that i- i use for uploading the data to browser , or to online text club and i 'm using the socket io framework for it , but it kind of tall ( ? ? ) and ( ? ? ) some packet . so i looking in to the plain webster kit connection would probably be more predictible and more easier to the ( ? ? ) maybe . so maybe also some set up on the apache that needs to be done . but i have you know i read the web and try it to ehm kind of solve it . hopefully i will have something by tomorrow . and the , so that we ready for next week . and the system is working . ( o ) yes , on are you going to yes , i hope you are , but i 'm sure- ( ot ) i'm- i 'm . ( o ) on wednesday the dry run session . ( ot ) yes . ( o ) and on monday from one we have like pre-drive run here in charles university . i do n't know whether you have to be there or not thats not important , wednesday is more important- wednesday ? and we could make it as a live test of i dont know if they will have full twenty five machines watching the- watching these the sub- the subtitles of what we are saying . so that would- that would be threst test for you so it would be good to see you . i know . so you 're planning for that , excellent . ( ot ) i 'm yeah ( o ) ok ( ot ) ( ? ? ) mentioned , i need to put together documentations with chiara , actually did n't contact her yet , probably i should . so i wan na say so these webster kits and ( ? ? ) tomorrow to work on it . i did n't have much time- ( o ) yes ( ot ) i hope to contact her- i also- i have some documentation already but i will reflect that it 's the webster kit . so , yeah , i will then send it to her maybe early next week she should know , so that we can- we can ( ? ? ) ( o ) and this documentation that you are sending to chiara that is also related to their- to the document that she sent where there were the functional requirement on the presentation platform or not ? ( ot ) was it there in reply to your- i 'm not sure i have the document because i- i know you wrote to me that chiara will be involved and i do n't know if she required ( ? ? ) going on . i probably need to read once again your message and the- ( o ) yes . so do i. so i recieved an e-mail from chiara yesterday that she 's already busy this week and she- we should like schedule call maybe for the next week . so please when you are doing this please stop ( ? ? ) but then we should probably sold all to chiara with one call . so that . s youre now my deputy for communication with chiara . ( ot ) ok , ok , ok . and do you have already some meeting planned ? ( o ) no not yet exactly so this ( ? ? ) to start it . ( ot ) ok , yeah . ( o ) ok , thank you . ( o ) ota will ( ? ? ) the discussion with chiara on documenting and also functional requirements on presentation platforms ( ? ? ) . so thank you that was ota and there is no one else remotely present so maybe dominik if you could start ( ? ? ) what- what we have here . whats your status . ( d ) so i 'm working on multi-source speech consilation and i now i 'm going to train we fix the ( ? ? ) empty models to work on prefixes into prefixes . i 'm just starting to work with- work alliance . ( o ) yeah , thank you . so thats good . ( b ) okay guys , evaluation to the set ( ? ? ) it should test it on the real data . dominik sent me some files from european i think parlament something like that so i- i think i started to download them and re-check if they- i can convert them to our suitable formats . and also ( ? ? ) i will check the light files so- sangeet send me to them morning and i just- i think we should ( ? ? ) most important test now is to prepare data for iwslt . i think thats something like that we promised to make them ready this week something like this . and by me and ondrej should finalize this test now and that 's all i think . ( o ) ok thank you . ( d ) we already have to ( ? ? ) scripts for spoken language translation . ( b yes , but if- the problem is the format of input should be exactly some- some ( ? ? ) yes , yes , if- yes , now it 's ready- ( d ) where can i find it ? ( b ) hm ? where you can find it ? ( b ) i think- ( o ) so let 's discuss that after that but during today , like right after we close the screening- ( c ) so since monday i was busing transcribing recordings that was share by daniel ( ? ? ) there were like quite a number of ( ? ? ) and then today i also processed timestamped lock ( ? ? ) for ibrahim 's evaluation tools . i also fixed the tool ( ? ? ) for english segmenter that capitalizating the first letter for proper nouns but i still need to do this manually for the czech segmenter . like- yeah , so- i 'll discuss it it how to do that and yesterday i with help of dominik and it department fixed- ( ? ? ) so that was good move . i mean , that yes our ( ? ? ) on to run the ( ? ? ) so that was good move so did- ( o ) so we can totally run ( ? ? ) on monday , we can start everything ourselves- ( c ) yes , so the docker , i 'm working on the docker images that was shared by felix ( o ) so we do n't have the segmentor yet . ( c ) not the segmentor , only the ( ? ? ) worker on some machines . ( o ) i would again try , since we got the docker file for that as well- ( c ) yes . ( o ) i would try installing it from scratch so than we do n't have to ( ? ? ) it , right ? yes . ok , it 's right . ( mumbling ) so i 'm very much afraid of running the docker on some virtual machine- ( ? ? ) that 's even worse , like that 's something that we- ( c ) yeah so that 's what i- if it 's possible , so if we can have separate account with docker support in ( ? ? ) file ( o ) so the way they handle it ( ? ? ) is that they would create virtual machine for us where they 'll allow docker . ( c ) if they can do that- ( o ) so please ask dominik and sange- or sangeet , please ask jindra- ( c ) ok . ( o ) that- and show him the docker file that we have and that we need to process this in pipe line actually . so it does n't have to be really in pipe line it has to be ( ? ? ) so ( ? ? ) which connects to mediator , right ? it is- yeah . so , like a stand a low virtual machine docker is something that- that would do the job ( c ) yeah , but this is what we need like for permanent use . because we can not turn too many segmentors from the laptop . ( o ) yes , exactly , so we need a few instances of it actually . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yes . ( c ) yeah we got a gpu . ( o ) so please ask for virtual machine for this and try to set it up- maybe ask today and we do n't need it for monday we can- we could make use of that on wednesday and we definitely need it for next monday because there is a very high risk of- of not having calculate system . ( c ) alright . and apart from focusing in text segmentor like analyzing the first word letter of the proper nouns , i would like to discuss how to increase the f- i mean the recall for that for the stop and periods . so one solution which i propose is that ( ? ? ) smaller segments i would like to except and it can be once use not to fix . ( d ) did you try to ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) segmentor process the source as it comes so one ( ? ? ) start . ( o ) that 's ( ? ? ) yours . ( d ) ( ? ? ) yours when there process- ( c ) from the beginning- ( d ) segmentor from the beginning , it can be process as the beginning of the sentence it must be ( ? ? ) ( c ) yes , the last segment that message . ( o ) so i do n't know the details- ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) ( ? ? ) somehow find a way ( ? ? ) just to take the last message the ( ? ? ) ( c ) so i think i then need to use the timestamps to- ( d ) yes . ( c ) ok . ( d ) we ( ? ? ) the time stamps ( ? ? ) ( c ) and what about how to fix the mediant ? ( d ) i actually do n't know what 's the ( ? ? ) to look to some outputs . ( c ) so , actually ondrej was right that we have a list number of periods . so if- ( o ) so recall it 's low proposing pits frequently . ( c ) frequently , we need more frequent for the stops and the text ( d ) ( ? ? ) period ( ? ? ) ( o ) so like you would think reduce the ( ? ? ) or something like that . ( c ) i- i have to look on it , maybe there 's something yeah that 's all from me and- ( o ) ok , thank you . so i think that we do n't have anyone else on the call . no . ok , let's- let 's like oficially close this session with the reminder that everybody should enter themselves for specific things they have done to the- to the google sheet . so that i can add some point for that . so remember that , it 's quite important . and also if you have not filled the youtube- sorry , the doodle ( ? ? ) for regular meetings , please do so . i was expecting to see soon it and after here because both of them mentioned in the doodle ( ? ? ) that they are available but- yeah , ok . i 'll talk to them seperately , maybe my misunderstanding for they- it ok . ( c ) one thing i want to- so about the search for the ( ? ? ) we were contact few days back and also i was not willing to- so basically the fix ( ? ? ) and the output with phone it was not supported by eb plan so i proposed that we meet it- we meet physically in his office and fix it- ( o ) yes . ( ? ? ) in the office . maybe tomorrow he is in the building . ( c ) yes , tomorrow he 's coming . i just want ( ? ? ) i just ( ? ? ) instantly and this needs to be fix , it 's like- ( o ) yes . ( c ) more instantly like- ( o ) exactly , yeah , yeah . thank you . so that 's it . i think it 's everything for today . so thanks for those who are on the remote call and we 'll be in touch by e-mail . so remember to fill the doodle of your availability , ok ? thank you , bye bye .", "tgt": "four file format conversion ( policy about file naming ) . need of commucation protocol - > help to integrate . talk adaptations automated as much as possible . ota is trying to make webster kit connection working . dominik is working on multi-source speech consilation . fixed tool ( capitalizating first letter for proper nouns ) . structure of talks ( 03 / 2020 ) . prepare data for iwslt ."}
{"src": "( ma ) ( ? ? another language ) hello ? ( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( ma ) yeah , i 'm here . ( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , okay , so if there is no noise from me then let 's speak quick today . again , thanks to all of you who- okay . who made it . and the shared document are highlighted that there is two events that are going to happen . one of them is the ( ? ? ) conference on march 3. , which is already in less than two weeks from now . and another instance on march the 24 and i would- so the the dominic please confirm that we can take part in those . if you do n't know now how uhm , uhm - if you do not know now please check with profesor profesorka \u010denkov\u00e1 . and hopefully we 'll be allowed to go there . we have already had the session in that room and i would like uhm not many of us just one or two , so sangeet primarily and maybe maybe someone else to to attend that session and test live following of the many sources . so that we relay the record they uhm the session , and we also can choose from the many sources . so most of this can be tested off-line , but still is good to run it at the life session with ( real ) people , because the pressure then causes more errors , and it is important to be to be resilient to the user . so . so we actually need to record the sessions ourselves . so this ( ? ? ) conference is something for which i do n't know whether any materials can be obtained . dominik , could you also check ? ( do ) i think we will receive the program of the conference sometime before . and and that will be everything what would be there . ( on ) ... noise from the microphone , i suggest that whoever from you group is do n't present , should come over to recorder and present from main machine , because it does n't seem to create the noise . ehm , okay , so when you have the program , please send it to all of us . so that we know if there is anything that we could ehm do for adaptation . so , you are welcome . and the other event is the ( ? ? ) student firmsware . and there the goal is to get their new ( ? ? ) new set of recordings . and to test domain adaptation . and to test live subtitling in adverse conditions and the test . and we should also try to record another video what we are doing . so now i would like to ask ( ? ? ) so , well , just say what were doing . so this is the update from the the upcoming event , just mention what you were doing . ( pe ) yes , so i was helping sangeet ( ? ? ) that in ( ? ? ) asr was slower than running in carslruhe ( ? ? ) when on the on the machine where where the worker training is is some other process for someone else from \u00fafal and this cause the delay for several seconds . so we just need to use- we just need to make sure only one whose whose using the machine when we running . we are not say ( a star there ) and and maybe maybe you and read other workers . that seems to be sensitive ( ? ? ) and i 'm starting to - i 'm training mnt model for ( ? ? ) to prefix and i ( bring ) to start validation evaluation sets so on spoken data . and i right now i will i will adapt ota 's events events so so it will print the correct timestamps , not the fake timestamps . and i will ( ? ? ) somehow . i already have the idea . so that 's from me . ( on ) abdul . ( ab ) this week i it was supposed to in this it takes some times , i do n't like german , france ( ? ? ) but almost i will finish some ( part ) so and it 's tomorrow and i ( am not ) sure but ( ? ? ) we can ( ? ? ) so he can excercise ( ? ? ) so and i 'm going to train back transcription system , next- from monday on this week . and i ( ? ? ) to finish my one people to sangeet . so i really start my training proces bad tranclations ( ? ? ) from monday and to search some other languages . ( ? ? ) six languages . for election ( ? ? ) , for collecting monolingual data . so this is the brief summary . ( 1 ) so this week i have done the evaluation of the martin popels talk like that two place i ( ? ? ) two weeks ago . i corrected the trancsription and evaluated the our czech asr . and i also evaluated ( ? ? ) google , czech asr and against the asr of university ( ? ? ) that is avalaible on ( linda ) and the result seem quite promising that the adaptation help to reduce the word error rate i like almost of third from like three point five for the baseline model to like two point one i think for the adaptive model . and , yeah , so this is , yeah and google had like above five percent of ( rank ) at the university ( ? ? ) six point five so that was encouraging results . and i 'm also started working on use- using the uhm some czech corpus which is collection of over one million czech articles which have available abstract entitles . so i would like to be able to search through this corpus for the relevant articles for our domain , and use these texts for domain adaptation on on on our ( ? ? ) of the main . i would like to use the approach of sentence embeddings , that i have been working on already couple of weeks . so from like a input sentences , i would like to query this corpus with articles and select the relevant plans and then adapt the language model at lexicon of our asr . ( on ) okay . thanks . so , matus was not talking , right ? ( ma ) yes , so this week , i have been working on many too many neural machine translation and actually ehm i hope that it would be already done . but i actually encountered some interesting problems . which is uhm that i got data from edinburgh . and i actually tried training using these data . and i found that if you just use uhm the data english ( century ) , such as such as it was mentioned in the paper from ooh from ( orhan fira ) . then it actually works quite well , ehm on english it works like- when you translate to english , it works obviously even better than two the other other languages , because that there are more data in english . but actually , if you just use random language pairs it will start to forget basically , it will start to mistake translation in different languages . so you only have one token for the target . and for example you tell it to translate to czech , so it will actually translate correctly . but ( it ) will translate to russian for example . so so now i 'm trying to ehm ehm- ( on ) sorry , sorry . i mean that point produces some translation , but in the wrong language , right ? ( ma ) yeah . exactly . so , you always have one like ( ? ? ) control token , whit you preparein order to- ( on ) yeah , but the ( ? ? ) system desides to ignore this token any desides to emit ehm different language . ( ma ) yeah . and i think that i might have either alone backsides , or or the new just ca n't ca n't remember all the combinations of the input and output because there is no work inputs token . so i guess that if it is strange- if it is always trained just on english and some other language , then it can always like understand that one of them must be english . and and that 's would they actually be doing the model for the paraphrasing , and then actually it did n't work for the other languages , because of this . i think . so . ( on ) first , the first thing is that we are ehm- it would be sufficient for us to have reliably english centric model . it is fine . i do n't see that 's big problem to do ( ? ? ) file english , so let 's let 's simply run the machine translation twice , first into english , and then output english at that will be ( us ) all the combinations . the data that you have condens all the pairs or it 's english centric ? ( ma ) uh , yeah . that ' the problem that actually the data that i got contains random pairs in random laguages . so it 's really really like just just tell me to to random languages for every line and and produce to to sentences in those languages . but also i have my data that i made from open subtitles that 's english centric and it worked quite well . ( on ) and if you restrict the datas from edinburgh to english ( ? ? ) that works , right ? ( ma ) oh , no , because that will be really small . so i will probably have add the sentences from other other corpora as english centric and i will train it on that . ( on ) please , email phil williams about this . please describe in the email the problem , ( ma ) okay . ( on ) because i do n't think that there is any good reason why the data set is like we used in ( sides ) . i think that uhm like he should- he was also extracting data from opus and ehm or sometimes- ( ma ) yes , ( he ) was the first the data sented he - ( on ) yeah , so , so i , i understood from his email that did n't restricted in any way . so i think that the english centric are- if we filter out his corpus should be the same as you obtain if you only get ring the english sent with part yourself . so please ask him and also mentioned the fake that we are not able to to train the fully multilingual system . but as i said , it 's not too important . it 's more important to have reliable english centric system . and even with the english country centric , we know from the past uhm that the input token which indicates i want this english to be translated to russian , or into the ukrainian can be easily ignore by the system , if the domain of the inputs sentence is much closer to the english uhm russian data then the data . so like the more the the majority of tokens will kind of implicitly indicate , well this is this is on cars and and sports . so it should be russian , and these single token which says go for ukrainian is ignored . is like overway we flip , it 's flips it over to the other side of of the of the training data . and that is something we do not know how to get tha the aside from filtering out the the wrong language . so we can run language id on the output of the multilingual sysytem , but we do n't know how to totally ensure that it ( ? ? ) language . ( ma ) actually there was a paper also from orhan fira , where they just they just train the model on one language per pairs and then they inserted like they call it adapters . and they , they basically put as small layer between every to transform blocks , and then they tried it on and other language language per writing . and i i 'm not sure would result it got but it it interested me quite a lot . hm , have you- have you seen that ? ( on ) uh , i do n't know now , i ( ? ? ) to the to the source document a link to resent google block about masivelly multilingual systems . and this is the beyond the scale than we can afford . it is three years of of google work , so . ( ma ) yeah , yeah . we can see . yeah , it 's here . can i sent it somewhere . ( on ) do you have the- what hmmm . ( ma ) yeah , i can elitr ( source ) document , ( on ) yeah . ( ? ? ) ( ma ) yeah , so this is basically one way that they found out . ( on ) yeah . ( ma ) ok , so for now , i will just train it 's to be english centric and and- ( on ) ( ? ? ) about the ( ? ? ) of the data ? ( ma ) yeah , and it should all around the work on gpu , so than i will tried on the virtual machine that i get for paraphrasing . ( on ) hm . you can try but it 's actually better to test it on cluster and avoid than the machine part . because we are happy to run the workers on the cluster , they can connects the mediator , so there is no need to run it on on the ( ? ? ) . so you said that it should order works , so that mean that your ( tpu ) trained model seemed to work on gpu , right ? ( ma ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , please , deploy it on the cluster , so that we can start worker on the cluster , it will be some some preping . this is tensor tenderflow serving or what is the backend ? ( ma ) ehm , yeah it should be tenderflow serving . ( on ) so , dominic , would you have any- ( do ) yeah , yes . models are is are in tender flow or in tender to tensor and they are served through data serving , so ( ? ? ) control we have we have some scripts . ( ma ) yeah , i actually did it on ( ? ? ) that i just took the deep fault model from tensor to tensor , and i just replace the the preproser thing and others ( ? ? ) around it . so the model should be the same , ( do ) yes , yeah . so it will works ( ? ? ) i can send the the ( ? ? ) and then you connect it to the mediator . ( ma ) okay . okay , i think that 's everything for me . ( on ) yeah , okay . thank you . so , that 's all , we have any one else . i miss the presentation by abdhul and ( ? ? ) , but you can recall that- is there any- like synergy matu\u0161 and that of abduhl , i think there is . ( ab ) the monoligual data . ( on ) the monolingual data , yes . so this is something that was opened last week . and obviously , you still did n't have the model . are you now in the position , where so where the english centric model would be available to translate a lot of data ? ( ma ) i have to admit , i do n't know how- if it 's good enough now . because , because the english centric model technicaly yes but the english centric model is right now just trained on subtitles and nother anything else . ( on ) ok , so because it will likes the ( ? ? ) data , it is if does- ( ma ) yes , so maybe i would wait until i can , at least at least some data from other domain , because when ( will ) translate ( ? ? ) . you can really see that the- like it is subtitle each- ( on ) ( ? ? ) need will be a problem for our domain of spoken language translation that much so , in the training will take some time that would be again at least a week , i guess , right ? ( ma ) no , i think it will be like tomorrow , ehm . ( on ) the ( tps ) are this fast , right ? ( ma ) yeah , well , basically basically the problem is the ( delete ) to to give them that you see in a specific format , and half a day but then the training dates like one day , maybe so . ( on ) ehm , yeah , please email phil today , and if it 's not responding , then maybe still use your existing models , so the ( quee ) tested and we translate the monolingual data that are ( ? ? ) and will see . i think is alwayas good to have the some bad baseline , because then you have the the provement and that makes you happy . so , let 's let 's , if there is any delay with getting more data from phil , let 's use your model that will be test of it anyway , on the cluster to translate the large data by abdhul , and then to retrain the domain specific- on this train domain specific model on this synthetic data by abdhul . ( ma ) ehm . ( on ) because the ( ? ? ) like process like first ( tv ) to translate , then you read to train of that and only then you can deploy it . so there will be another delay . so i 'm not here ehm next week , the whole of next week . can i nominate someone to to make sure that this meeting happens ? yeah , yeah , dominic ? i 'll check the document ehm like do n't on the ( ? ? ) but i 'll check it at the name . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( do ) i do n't know anything about of the ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , this is- ( do ) i ca n't ( ? ? ) this . ( on ) no , well , you do n't have to run it . you don't- you do n't provide any any- just ( information ) that you meet and that people like matu\u0161 , abdhul cooperate , and like there is no on that ( ? ? ) , do n't worry that's- you are not providing content to at me . only your part . okay , so , that 's it to let 's email phil , we do n't have anyone , we do n't have daniel such\u00fd and we do n't have vojt\u011bch state\u010dn\u00fd , so we do n't have anything- sangeet is he would recording so i 'll i 'll double check . and maybe we will shif the the time for this . it would be regularly a problem for them . maybe they are on vacation , because it is another ( ? ? ) frequent vacation ( ? ? ) . we will see . please make sure that the doodle ( fall ) request your general available dates . that is important . okay , so i think that 's that 's ( ? ? ) everything , matu\u0161 , if you have any questions or not , is that all ? ( ma ) yeah , yeah . ( on ) yeah , okay , so , thank , thank you a let 's let 's close the and i 'll just we would like to talk to abdhul to write down , what is okay , bye . bye everyone .", "tgt": "peter training mnt model . matus working on neural machine translation . data random pairs in random languages . english centric model may not be good enough to translate a lot of data . translating monolingual data . conference ( 03 . 03 . 2020 ) . test domain adaptation , live subtitling in adverse conditions ."}
{"src": "( j ) hey sangeet . ( s ) hey ( ? ? ) how are you ? ( j ) i 'm good , how how are you ? ( s ) i 'm going well too , thanks . ( j ) so where did quarantine go to ? like are you at the dormitory ? ( s ) yes , i 'm in the dormitory , i have n't left the floor since 4 days . ( j ) oh . sounds dep- depressing . ( s ) yeah , ( ? ? ) ( e ) hey . ( j ) hello . ( e ) ( ? ? ) because ondrej sent e-mail ( ? ? ) and he can join us . ( ? ? ) i 'm not sure he he gets in on time . ( ? ? ) just now . good morning guys . ( s ) good morning . ( e ) ( ? ? ) ondrej ( ? ? ) ( s ) ( ? ? ) he did n't mention ( ? ? ) i think ondrej ( ? ? ) ( e ) i think now he , yes , he join . ( o ) yeah , hello . ( s ) hi . ( e ) hi . ( j ) hi ondrej . ( o ) yeah , so i 'm happy that it works and i 'm happy to see more people than normally on thursday . so that 's , that 's great . and we have , the time is limited quite sharply . we should spend 30 minutes and then there is 15 minutes slack of like extra time . but the session will close at 45 pas , at quarter to 5. so we must not speak longer . so thanks for joining , thanks for those who are still still coming in . i see that sangeet has already briefly summerize so , yes . so that 's a message for matus who is also on the call , that sangeet is struggling with boost . in some way . and aside from that so i 'll i 'll briefly start with what i 've been doing . i 've i was with help of sangeet and dominik as well i was running zoom subtitling and also i 'm now using my talks on thursday , my lectures on thursday to do the subtitling tests . and we ran into new into new issue and that was simply one of the workers running on a slower machine , because the machine was swompt . so that 's another issue that we have that we have struggled with . for unknown reason until it took us about an hour to figure out that we need to restart the workers and reserve the full machine for for them . and other that i 'm supervising the the creation of adoble slt test set , the forced alignments which will hopefully be finished soon . and i 'm also- so that 's you know that atul is , for example atul and others are working on elitr test set . that 's what will hear in the second from them . the deadlines as heard that probably the congress will be in a year from now , so postponed . and that gives us more time , but still all the test set we have prove that our systems are not very good . like not stable . and we have not done any progress in the multilingual setting like in the run where we have many input channels . so i 'd like to ask sangeet when he he 's talking to say if he had any chance to get to the mock conferences . that 's would be ehm a thing and then so that 's that 's one of the deadlines which got delayed by far . the other deadline that i wanted to mention is the adoble slt task , which has the deadline not today but on the twentieth of april . so i still have n't updated the deafset but i would like to make sure that we use the splendid days to make better better submission than we 've done so far . so dominik has provided good baseline but good means that it runs not good that it recognizes and translate correctly . the the performance ( ? ? ) is very bad . because it 's a harsh test set . so that 's delibered . we wanted to have the test set hard , but we should now try to to improve that little . so another think that what i would like to ask anybody who is working with the data , maybe dominik is the the best person to know , he 's not here but maybe sangeet could also remember . or jonas would know . we for for peter polaks thesis we need czech speech which is ehm czech speech which is translated into english . and i do n't know whether whether we can ha- find that in any way anywhere . so that's- if you have any idea , please let me know . ok that 's from me and i 'm , so please start talking and i 'll try to increasing the capacity of the room , because i 'm afraid that with all loaded . ( j ) can i just have a quick question about the test sets ? there was a e-mail like 4 days ago about the about the new set up of the repository for the test sets . and you you said that we should also put the asr test sets into this github repository . but did you mean just like the text files or like links to the actual audios on the cluster ? because- ( o ) so the , you mean elitr test sets , yes . that is not related to adoble slt . please put there mp3 file , that are reasonably small . and if the files are too long , even in mp3 , then please just put them somewhere to the cluster and to the repository upload some file which says these like a read me or whatever . these files live on ufal here and here . ( ? ) ok , ok , thanks for the clarification . ( o ) so i 'm trying to figure out if we can increase the the size of the room , but i do n't know whether is possible . yeah , ok . yeah , so please now go fo- one by one , to say what what you have done recently . and this does n't really work . so whoever , sangeet i think i 've interrupted you . ( s ) ( ? ? ) i was basically working on domain adaptation and i basically run and issue with fading the language model . so basically i think it means establishing of the download speak- ( ? ? ) and i'm- ( ? ? ) and see what he says . ( ? ? ) i 'm struggling with establishing issue ( ? ? ) recently i 've been ( ? ? ) so i think that 's all from me . ( ? ? ) so yeah jonas you can speak next . ( j ) ehm , ok , though i 've been mostly working on my theses for last couple of weeks . so i 've been running quite extensive experiment . i have like a 4 different levels of domain adaptation of of the czech asr system . and i 'm evaluating these adaptation levels on 5 different test sets . so right now i 'm working on like analyzing precisely i have like a set of domain words from each of these test sets . and i 'm evaluating how many of these domain words were caught by ( ? ? ) adaptation level . yeah so so i 've been i 've been just turning many many experiments and mostly writing up my theses . and maybe one additional thing that i 've been like partially working on in free time was like on functination system as well i have found quite nice implementation from this nvidia tool kit . so maybe i can i can send it to sangeet if you are interested , it 's like it 's based on ( ? ? ) model and it trains both the punctuation and the capitalization task . so i 'm i 'm it 's like the version they have in their repository , it works for offline transcription . so there would- but but i think it it 's very interesting i 'm getting really nice results with this model , so maybe we can , i can send you the link or you can chat about it . ( s ) yeah , sure ( ? ? ) the czech segmenter is not that impressive as it should be . there 's lot of ( ? ? ) . ( j ) yeah , so maybe i can i will send you an e-mail after the meeting . yeah . ( o ) or maybe put it put it to the surge document . ( j ) oh ok , yeah , yeah . i will i will i will put it in . ok so i think this this is all from me . ( o ) thanks . so the next one could be whoever , ebrahim ? ( e ) hi everybody in here . about ( ? ? ) as you know i think this week i did n't do anything ( ? ? ) just i ( ? ? ) and i worked on the ( ? ? ) and and 2 different scripts for to get easier for other people when they want to run and do everything automaticly . and as you can see , there in smt week , ( ? ? ) help me for this one , i think we changed a lot and examples and the code output and killing it and make it more beautiful . and now if it see i think it 's somehow the last version . we can use it for your evaluation . and maybe if ondrej can help time to check it , we can- ( o ) yeah , yeah . this is on my to do list , i 'm i 'm failing to get to that . but i know , i will . i won't- ( e ) and also ( ? ? ) , now it 's using ( ? ? ) inside , so i think it 's based on our conversation everything we wanted to do it 's done . so it has a lots of impatient and we can , we should ( ? ? ) somehow . we can limit something from it . ( o ) yeah , so maybe dominik would be the best person to provide additional test sets that we know how they behave . so dominik not only has test set he also has his own slt style evaluation . but maybe we should run slt f on other data . so if dominik can comment on this . now or later . ok , so let 's move to someone further . so we had sangeet . so maybe atul . atul is now ready . ( a ) ok , hi . i have already app- updated in ( ? ? ) test so yesterday i throw up an e-mail to phil and phillip williams because i wrote an one website cult of justice of the european union . and this ( ? ? ) we have lots of data for test , it 's basically for eu languages . so i have started and to extract the , extract the data from this website using bytext . so it is running and before that i i extrated target data from the- what is the name , i forgot the name . but i have already mention in the ufal slt data sits . independent audio reput . so- and policy data is almost finish and some cleaning part is remaining . so i will upload as soon as possible . so we can ex- do experiment with english 's police and because english policy is not available in the other wmt 19 . ( o ) yeah . and i was curious what whether you have the the description for the annotators . those who are already like in the queue and waiting for jobs . like how they should proceed and where should they upload files , where should get , they get the files from . some like , this management of annotators who will be doing the curation or the refinement of the test set . how this is far- this is this is like management work , but it needs to be done well because we have quite a few of them already . ( a ) ehm , i have not prepared right right now . but i think i can send you by tonight . ( o ) yes , so no no not send it to me , please update the document which the annotators have also seen . ( a ) in the gate up repository ? ( o ) no , they well . the annotators are people who are not very technical . so they , we have the google document for that , that describes and also includes like one section or will include one section per language . ( a ) ok . ( o ) and this is where the nor vision is mention for example . this is this is where we should have all the instructions for them . in clear but concise way . so that they know how to proceed . and the the sooner you get this the sooner you get in touch with them , the sooner they will start doing something . so then it will like save your time , so you don't- ( a ) yeah definitely . because i spent too much time for the cleaning sometimes unnecessary characters ( ? ? ) . i do n't know what is- ( o ) yeah , this is exactly what what the annotators should be doing . so you should you should like do the automated jobs and all the manual refinement should be then put them . because it will save your time . ( a ) ok , sure . ( o ) so that 's the , that 's the point . that you do the automation , you do the honey line and other things . maybe the pdf conversion , but primary the honey line , the conversion of the google sheet , if they are not able to to process text files which only very little of them would be . and then converting back from the google sheet like the trick or two column view or 3 column view . and then to to put it to the github repository . ( a ) sure , sure , i will do . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . ( a ) thank you . ( o ) so that 's atul . then we have dominik . for example . aha , i do n't know if dominik can speak or not . so dominik - ( s ) ( ? ? ) he seems ( ? ? ) ( o ) he was writing to the document and he 's yep . dominik , does it work ? so before dominik successful- yeah . does it work dominik ? or not . so then matus , in like while dominik is trying to connect . ( m ) yeah , ok . so since thursday i have- i implemented the evaluation for for my multilingual model . and my all of my implementation is almost ready to , so that i can release it somewhere on github as open source . and i 'm right now trying to evaluate ehm my multilingual model switch i have two of them . i have i have one for 42 languages and one for 6 languages . i 'm trying to evaluate them on iwslt 2015 . and i will know the results in about an hour . but so far i have i have evaluated before on new test 2018 . and it is giving me on on german english and english german it 's getting about 31 blue score . which is which is given that it 's 42 languages i think it 's quite quite all right . ( o ) yeah , so this is something we really should put into the pipelines . and have it tested in our way . and there is so far no standard way for us . so i think that i 'll send you also the the link to the elitr test set . and i would like to ask probably you to to like , well . yes , definitely you to put the edible slt language pairs into this elitr test set directory . and then you and sangeet to negotiate what is the best way of regular testing of this models . so this is very similar what jonas has been doing for czech asr . we need to regularly test the system , so your system and also the the normal standard deployed system on large number of test set parts . so like the test set consist of multiple multiple documents and multiple sources . and we need to observe this this progress . so i 'll i 'll include you so that you should test it on the elitr test set . which should include the test set that you have now and it should also include our test sets from from the past . so this is , this is something that like will help us to to polish the test sets . yep , ok so that 's that 's an important thing . thank you . and what else did i want . ( m ) ok , yeah and for sangeet , we were just discussing that there was an issue with with boost installation on his machine . so hopefully you 'll be you 'll figure it our with sangeet and- ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( m ) understand . ( d ) hi , can you hear me ? ( o ) yes , yes , it works . ok , great . so now is your turn actually . you can start talking directly . ( d ) yes , so , so implemented the batching for edinburgh workers with phil . and ebrahim and mohamed process slt f on my data but it 's it 's useless for now because i ca n't interpret the results because i do n't know what is the definition of the latency . ( o ) so please talk directly to ebrahim and clarify it . ( d ) ( ? ? ) and he replied finally that that there are too many ( ? ? ) because they are not decided which which one are use- use language , they will really use in future . and we did n't move from this part . ( o ) yeah . so please try going like one by one , and discussing what they are technically . and then help with the selection . ( ? ? ) ( a ) oh sorry , ( ? ? ) i think that problem is yes , there is a lot of numbers and but , but maybe some ( ? ? ) system which number is because , ok we have number and we do n't know it 's good or not . maybe now the problem of dominik is something ( ? ? ) . ( d ) yes . so we should plan to watch watch the outputs from in subtitler . and then you will see . and i propose to choose the the major from the google paper . which i implemented . that 's that 's the issue . and i have right now , i finish the edible slt litter board . and i 'm going to ( ? ? ) i can share screen with you ( ? ? ) . can you see this ? ( ? ) yeah . ( d ) so , so here at the top is the the values on all documents into czech for the workers into czech , so we have this rainbow ( ? ? ) . this is czech from ( ? ? ) it 's from martin popel , and this is my czech worker , and this is alternative edi- edinburgh worker . and this is the ( ? ? ) from the original speech- so from the transcribed audio , this is from the asr . this is normalized ( ? ? ) so it 's a flicker measure . this is average ( ? ? ) and this is translation lag in miliseconds . so so their lag caused by only by empty not together with asr . so it 's two point eight seconds late for the finalization of . and here here it 's for german . and some values are missing for the kit , this is the kit worker , this is again multi target edinburgh and this is during that worker . i do n't have this for ( ? ? ) and the latency for for kit karlsruhe is minimalise for now . but i i would need lots of work to improve it . yeah and it 's evaluated on documents and we have two ( ? ? ) references and it 's very unstable so the blas cores are not not thing anything , for example this untercorp , untercorp to has quite very big blas core according , in comparison with other documents because the final , the very last sentence is thank you , and it was translated correctly . so one sentence has blas corp one hundred and it and it shift the average to very high number , but there are ( ? ? ) the others . do you have questions about it ? and later ( ? ? ) by e-mail and suggest the others to improve asr , because it seems to be the the worst component in the pipeline . ( ? ? ) writing a paper and maybe ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , perfect , thank you . so i think- ( ? ) maybe ( ? ? ) ( a ) can i say something ? ( o ) yes , please do . ( a ) in the last 2 days i ( ? ? ) to the results and if you want i can run again slt with ( ? ? ) you can see a better maybe ( ? ? ) result up it . and then we can discuss about that . if we agree . ( d ) ok . ( a ) i will run just ( ? ? ) the results . ( d ) do you want my my table or- i do n't have any update- updated runs from ( ? ? ) ( a ) ok , so i 'll be ok . in this case i will run and i will evaluate them and give you the new version of results and you can discuss about it later . ( d ) ok . ( a ) thank you . ( o ) yeah , ok , so it 's amazing , time is exactly 30 minutes . and i suggest that we really close the meeting at this point . next week same time , four o'clock . and please double check the report from today , like whether you have added all the details and remember to to get in touch with everybody . i think we 've done a great job in in the synchronization . i know that if there were other people , such as daniel suchy , but he can not make it at this time , not for surely , then we would again move a bit , but yeah . let 's let 's keep up this this good work . ok , so thanks a lot . and do the pervoice communications as you wish . is there anyone who would like to keep talking for 15 minutes on the call , while the call is still running ? ( m ) maybe if i could ask dominik somethings about the about the assets . ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , so other all others who do n't want to talk ( ? ? ) but atul , maybe atul should be listening as well . so atul please stay here and matus you ask and i also stay in and double check . so thanks to all , thanks the rest- yeah , thanks . ( d ) yeah , so what do you want to ask , matus ? ( m ) ok , so right now , basically , i have i have the iwslt data set , which is just two examiles files . one in german , one in english , right ? ( d ) hmm . ( m ) then apairs from that , yeah ? ( d ) it does n't have to be examile , you can have two text files . one as source- ( m ) yeah , ok , but but like i have the default examile and now i have the outputs from your asr . which is , which is like 12 or something text files with the outputs . ( d ) yes . one for each document . ( m ) yeah , for for each of the of the talks . ( d ) yes . ( m ) and now , i 'd like to somehow align it and merge it into one document , so that i can compare it with the standard data set , right ? ( d ) yes . if you want to evaluate ( ? ? ) on the whole document , or the whole data set , then there is some- ( m ) no i just want to evaluate exactly like like you did , so . maybe . ( d ) yes , so then align with mws segmentor , every document seperately . then ( ? ? ) them . then then run ( ? ? ) to the difference . ( m ) ok , so if i just ( ? ? ) them in the in the order they they are in ? it will , i can run the ( ? ? ) between this and the original data set ? or or what is the reference ? ( d ) i can show you . i 'm going to share the screen again . so here i have compact data . can you see it ? ( m ) yeah . ( d ) slt test 2015 and full- yes , it 's examal . so the reference is here . sentence by sentence . there is this file order . so you must ( ? ? ) in this order . ( m ) ahh , ok . ( d ) and then . somewhere i have- but i have references somewhere else , where is it . and ( ? ? ) i think there are text from the excel ( ? ? ) so i can pass it to you . and actually you can evaluate on more languages . here . so in the google paper , somewhere , they have link to to ted ted webpage , where you can download the subtitles for for any language which is available for any talk id . so i downloaded references for around 10 languages . you can- and i have script for it . which- ( m ) i have the same data as you . ( d ) yeah , sure , i will find it and sends it to you . ( m ) thanks . ( d ) and also removed the words in paranthesis , because there were usually music or laughter or applause and so on . this is not not spoken . i have a script which ( ? ? ) ( m ) and also i have been thinking about like how to , how to make sure that when you are translating para show para show outputs , how to make sure that the that it does n't you know change wildly when you just add one one word to the end of the input , right ? when the asr produces partial outputs . ( d ) mmm , i send you only the final . hypothesis . ( m ) yeah , i know , i know , i know i have been just thinking about this . and . ( d ) we evaluate ( ? ? ) only on the final hypothesis . ( m ) yeah , yeah , yeah i know . this is like a difference different think . so so i just like to hear your like your thoughts . i have been thinking about it , and i have like two two things that came to my mind . and one thing is that we could like use our data to train the model also with the partial inputs and we could use like a special token , like end of stre- something like ( ? ? ) but the different one to indicate that that just the partial output . and we could like train them in sequence . and my second idea is that i could try it just initializing the decoder when when when i 'm translating when i have like you know a partial output and then i have like the next output , then i could initialize the decoder with the last translated sentence . and maybe maybe that could also help to like have the have the translations close to to each other . so that they do n't change too much . ( d ) yes , so you have ideas how to stabilize the output . how to- ( m ) yeah , basically . ( d ) how to reduce the flicker and ( ? ? ) every others . ( m ) yeah , i have n't done any research of this . ( d ) yes , we have ideas but it works need implementation in mariam and c plus plus , in into the coder . and for example the prefixes are always the same , or the decoded prefixes are usually same so it will be good idea to cash them and start translating things from the prefix . and and so it saves translation time . and , but it 's difficult to to do it for us in mariam ( ? ? ) ( m ) yeah , i also actually ( ? ? ) the prefixes . and actually discover that if you do n't use any prefix at all , than it will it will produce a valid translation . but it will decide on its own . in which language each token will be , which means that that they will get the perfectly valid translation , like most of the words will be in czech and just some of them will be english , but it 's still like a valid sentence that someone might said ( ? ? ) from me . ( d ) yeah . definitely . and the only way how to stabilize the input we tried was masking last key word of the asr output from unfinished sentences . because they- cause their tail is usually unstable and this changed so much . so our translation is always five words behind or some key words . this simple ( ? ? ) which works . and the other some others ( ? ? ) translation strategies for long form simultaneous spoken language translation . so paper from google , and they put it only to archives and they have the- ( m ) could you say it again ? ( d ) the translation strategies- ( m ) translation strategies . ( d ) redetranslation stragies . ( m ) ( ? ? ) because i ca n't hear it very well . ( d ) ok , i send it to you on slack . ( m ) yeah , thanks . ( o ) yep . so there are still 4 minutes and then the call will probably close . and i see that mohamad mahmudi has join the call . he 's our intern who was supposed to be in prague since the beginning of of march , already . and he wo n't be able to come in person from iran at all . he 's been supervised by mainly by ebrahim and then partly me . so he is working on the forced alignments like running them and all that . and let me just test if the connection from mohamed is is good enough so whether it make sense for him to to join these calls . mohamed , can you hear us and can you say something ? yep . so it does n't look very- ( d ) ( ? ? ) time to start it in pexip . and i have issues . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so there is , you have to unmute yourself which is at the bottom of the screen , probably . ( d ) i ca n't use any headphones because they have broken mike . ( o ) oh , yeah . so i just brought but you should you should order some new ones there 's there is twenty headphones in a box now in our room and i put it to secretary yet . so there is plenty of headphones at ufal but you 're you 're elsewhere . ( d ) if you can send them send them to me by post . ( o ) yeah you know what what the post office looks like . there is a queue of of like half a kilometer in front of every post office . ( m ) recieving like one one letter from from slovakia birthdays . ( o ) yeah , so probably it does n't work with mohamed so let- i 'll try to chat with him . so , mohamed can you say something , do you hear us ? so let 's see . ok , so i 've send in the meantime not yet send , this is test , in a second i will send an e-mail to matus and also dominik and daniel suchy and sangeet . on the test set , elitr test set . so i would really like everybody who is developing any type of system for elitr , to move to using this elitr test set . the you will read that in the read me for for that repository . but there is directory called in this is and that 's for ( ? ? ) and each of these ( ? ? ) correspond or contains the subset of files which are relevant for a particular type of evaluation ...", "tgt": "subtitling . slt test set . domain adaptation . different levels of czech asr . data eu languages . description for the annotators . evaluation of multilingual model . slt f data . edinburgh worker , czech worker , martin popel \u2019 s worker . iwslt data set ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello . does it work ? i do n't hear anything . ( j ) ( ? another _ language ? ) ( o ) ( ? another _ language ? ) hi ebrahim . ( e ) hi ondrej . ( o ) yeah . yeah . i 'm . i see people coming in . that 's great . yeah . i am totally failing to get down to the slt ( ? ? ? ) iw slt evaluation . the deadline is may the 20th ? ( e ) the 27th . ( o ) 27th , yeah , yeah , okay . yeah . it 's getting worse and worse . yep . okay . ( e ) i think this weekend . if we speak the weekend , we can put time on it , but do n't worry about it . i i i 'm just doing my stuff , and i 'm not contributing in elitr now . and so it 's not blocking things . but i think maybe this week yeah . we should have a meeting and decide about it . and just- . i am touch , i am in touch with mohammad . and mohammad is preparing that , that jupiter . so i think everything is there and everything is fine . i saw it and it 's good . so now we need you know something to me and you decide together i think so . ( o ) yeah . i am happy to hear that it it 's making a good progress . yeah , okay . great . i see most of you are actually here , thanks . so let 's , let 's go quickly over the topics that you have listed . today is the last tuesday meeting before i have to somehow close the surge points for this month . and so if you have not listed yourself yet , this is the last call . and i 'll i 'll somehow process it onwards . so just serious reminder . and then on friday we 're running the demo for the project officer and it is surprisingly complicated . be , given how many tests we have already done . so i 'm i 'm really like- . i was not anxious before the preparations for the demo started . and i 'm getting more and more anxious as as they are running . and uh , i have 2 questions for sangeet because today he mentioned in another call that we had , that we lost some of the copies of the of the karlsruhe model . is is s that true ? can you- ? ( s ) that is definitely true . ( o ) yeah . so this is- . ( s ) i tried get it back from- . so actually had some autom some scripts also which made work- . oh sorry . i also had some scripts which made the work easier . those have also been deleted . ( o ) yeah . so this is a big big warning for everybody . never , never keep only one copy of things . always have things versioned and always have things like on multi , in multiple directories . so to say . ( s ) yeah . probably you are right . ( o ) so and and and if you remember many months ago . uh . i have set up with directory in net data elitr , which was called something like models . uh . and that was supposed to be the copy off all the systems or maybe systems . net net data elitr systems . and that was supposed to be like a static back-up copy of all the systems . uh . so that if anything goes wrong , we would have a a source to to copy them over . so , so , how much work is is needed to get this to get this local copy up again . ( s ) so actually i have the links from tyson so i just need to download them . so that is not a- . so that is like- . almost like 50 percent work and then i get into to do more 50 percent . like writing the scripts again . then , as you said , you need also domain adaptation . and . yeah . ( o ) so these days there is no way to do the quick domain adaptation that we used to do ? ( s ) no , not quickly . like single person , not like a key person . ( o ) and it used to be like that ? ( s ) it used to , yeah . ( o ) that's- okay . that is really a very big warning for for , everybody make . it is much better to have half the the mess in the files and too many copies , then to have one copy somewhere , because accidentally can get deleted or or damaged . and it 's then , yeah , okay . so the talk level domain adaptation is also out of question for the fri for the friday session , right ? ( s ) yeah , that could be all released subject to worry right now , so . like right now our main focus should be to get the pipeline and the whole system running successfully at least . you do n't want to lose that . forget about the domain adaptation level . ( o ) exactly . yeah , yeah , yeah . and my last question bef before i let others speak well . it 's stupid . is if anybody has ever tried injecting sound output to an application which is recording the microphone . so , what we want to do is to- . imagine that i wanted to play a music to all of you now . so what should i do ? how how should i send the sound from the music player whatever m player into the exip call . and i 've read that ( ? power ? ) control should be able to do that . but i 've actually failed . so i 've found a link- . so if anybody has ever experimented with with redirecting sound in linux , please let me know ( s ) . yeah . just give me a minute and i can try it . ( o ) yeah , okay . so actually , i think that it works for everything . except- i try it now . if you will hear some some strange czech person talking instead of me , then i have successfully switched it . ( s ) do you hear something ? so , did you guys hear something ? ( ? other language ? ) ( j ) i hear a czech lady talking . ( ? other language ? ) ( e ) yes . ( s ) yes , we can h- . ( ? other language ? ) ( e ) yes , i think ondrej we can not hear you . ( o ) and now you can hear me again and not the lady anymore . ( s ) yeah . ( e ) yes . ( a ) yes . ( s ) i think you change the sound setting and took the input from the monitor , right ? ( o ) yes , but this was not possible with zoom . so zoom ignored this . so that 's a problem of the zoom platform . ( e ) maybe you could just br bring the zoom on the zoom developer forum and they they will probably reply to you even in like a day . ( o ) they will reply . i saw some messages which where they said it 's only in windows and mac os . ( e ) oh , yes . that 's that 's the desktop kind . ( o ) ondrej , i think zoom has . you need to configure the input sound for zoom separately . so if you 're seeing zoom at the bottom left , there is a mike option . and if you click there is a- . i will open a dialog box , which has a list of input sources . and i think you need to explicitly change it there . ( o ) okay , so . so if . so that . let 's lets dis discuss it later with sangeet when i managed to get to work . so i 'll i 'll get there around 5 i guess . and then we will try it . ok , so it 's . thank you for for this test and yeah- . it 's always little bit more complicated than than we like expect . yeah , okay . so with vojtech there is now no need to ask for for the domain that talk level adaptation . ( s ) no . we should definitely have it in case it runs you know- . i can like manually do the things . i can get it ready . so i i definitely want the domain adapted words to get , to have ready in hand at least . ( o ) okay . but we do n't have . we never had the german asr , right ? ( s ) no , no , no no . we we did n't have german asr . ( o ) so for english there is nothing to- . there could be like our elitr talks that we could list in . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so i 'll think about it ans i 'll ask vojtech what what he can prepare for for friday . it 's very very soon . okay . yeah . thank you . so now , let 's go over the list . so dominik . oh , yes , dominik is on mock con interpreting conference . i would like to join that when get to work as well . and he was reviewing the data from the past mock conference . fixed some bug , going to- yeah , yeah . so so there is an inter speech submission , which we did . and there is still 3 days to update it . so , uh , and then . and then so there is some sense things delated related to the paper . then uh , we should receive the feedback on our iw slt submissions in 3 days , again . and then we will have 10 days to improve the paper . and the important thing is to work on the slt deliverables for the elitr . okay , that 's that 's good . so i did it . i did the summary for dominik . and now , mohammad , he is working- oh , you are here , right ? ( m ) yes . yes , i 'm listening to you more right now than to the conference so . ( o ) yeah . so was there anything you wanted to add ? ( m ) i replied to pe petr about the slt yesterday by email . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) yeah . and i fixed one bug in the back end asr . so sangeet if you are using it , then you can pull new version . ( s ) yeah . yeah . i 'm using it right now . ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah . yeah . so , speaking at , still getting back to sangeet and the demo for the project officer . who is available for or- sangeet are there tasks where you need a hand ? do you need some coders who would frantically help you in bug fixing ? ( s ) like what kind of bug fixing are we are we talking about ? ( o ) exactly . that 's the , that 's like- . is there something that you could delegate ? ( s ) i i i 'm sorry . i did n't get your question . like what is- . ( o ) is there , is there something that you could get some help with ? like getting something running , getting to putting together script which whatever- . ways- . ( s ) like some extra hand . kind of . ( s ) yeah . some extra hand ? ( o ) hmm . yeah . i mean- . ( m ) i think the best would be if someone reviewed the scripts before the event . ( s ) yes . yes . i would like kin kind of tester kind of . ( m ) . yeah . ( o ) yeah . so someone who would be kind starting the pipeline from scratch , right ? like on his machine , getting getting the same set up running . ( m ) yes . ( o ) is that the thing ? ( m ) yeah , and just check the outputs whether languages are correct . whether there are not some duplicated lines in the output . ( o ) yeah , i saw i saw the en language text in in interleaved with in the romanian outputs and things like that . ( s ) so today i had an issue that the german to english lindet worker , it has been integrated with dominik 's mt wrapper and it it it- . i mean it was running successfully until few days back . i tested it during the weekends but it was repeatedly failing today . and there is like a specific error which i see now and then or along with other workers also . i i exactly do n't know how it is . maybe when i i can talk to dominik about it . ( o ) yeah , so- . so the now in this call who would be available for this immediate help , and and bug fixing in the coming days ? so i 'm looking at at the list of you , who are present in the call . i can think only of jon\u00e1\u0161 actually and matu\u0161 . i think you 're the the only 2 candidates , who could help immediately . ( j ) but , maybe i m- what is there like some exact work that needs to be coded ? i can- ( o ) not . not yet . ( j ) i can help to co code something if it 's if you need hands sangeet . ( o ) but we are- . various debugging . for example the testing whether the port is free or not . so sangeet are we going to use back end asr or are we going to use the old set up . ( s ) back end asr . back end asr . ( o ) okay . so the back end asr that connect to mediator and that 's it , right ? ( s ) yep . and if you 're worry for the pipe like checking if the pipe if the port is and came on , i 've already fixed that . in my current . so when i s at the check- when i start the kaldi it starts locally , it first- ( o ) it will tell you . ( s ) no . it will delete . it will kill all the exi existing kaldi server in there . and just start the new . ( o ) this is again risky . because imagine that you run the script where you actually want some other instance running . so , it's- this , yeah , this is the w- . it is a working solution but it is a risky solution . ( s ) yeah . this is like , i do n't know , i kind of agree , kind of . ( o ) yeah , so , but can we ? i think it would be , yes . so what we could do , is that is that we would give one of the set ups to jon\u00e1\u0161 and jon\u00e1\u0161 should test it so that it runs . and another set up to matu\u0161 . if matu\u0161 is here . matu\u0161 are you are you on the call ? ( ma ) yeah i am here . i just i just do n't know if i if i will have enough time . how how much do you estimate that it could it could be in hours ? ( o ) it 's only until friday . friday at 10 is the event . so actually it 's like tomorrow , and today tomorrow and the day after tomorrow and how much you can give . because it will involve some learning how to run it . ( ma ) yes , so maybe like i i have i have very little time these days . so maybe . if it woks , i can do it . but but if something breaks i ca n't guarantee that i will have the time to- . ( o ) yeah . so , let 's not count on you at all . and and jon\u00e1\u0161 , you are you available kind of in these days ? ( j ) yeah . i can ha , i will have some time on a thursday . so- . ( o ) so , that 's too late . ( j ) maybe tomorrow like evening . ( o ) yeah . yeah . so , we 'll yeah we 'll . maybe we 'll send you some some command that you should try running regularly and let us know if that worked for you or not . and maybe not . okay . so that 's . yeah . so thanks . i i think that 's that 's that 's it for now . we we can not like do any any better . oh , okay . yeah . so . now , let 's lets move on with the with the progress report for the various people . ( ? another language ? ) so mohammad is maybe on the call , but it does n't work or him . and then he is working on the analyses of iw slt . and , yes . so that 's that 's it . there is . that 's a lot of work to be done . sangeet is working on the preparation . the mt wrapper , wh wha so so far you have not used mt wrapper and you are starting only now ? is that correct ? ( s ) this weekend i integrated it and i 'm using it from monday . whatever test we have done until now from monday . ( o ) mhm . okay . ( e ) ondrej . ( o ) yep . sorry could you- i think because i spoke with mohammad maybe if you ca n't you know if you ca n't you know . make a- ( o ) look at this email- . ( m ) no , no , no , no . maybe if you can give the de the details of this task you want , maybe mohammad can contribute also . because he has some times this week , based on what we have spoke before . but he- . because i i think you should just inform him about what you want exactly about this . ( o ) yeah , thanks . so i 'm i 'm . so we have like three halve or quater persons yeah who who we could ask . thank you . ( e ) yes . okay , okay . so just- . ( o ) yeah . thank you . so the the mt wrapper is now in as part of the demos , part of tests , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and the nmt model ? so the delay has been fixed , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . i 've i 've tested it also . ( o ) yeah . so which- . ( e ) ca ca can i just ask . is it is it completely fixed or is there some some small still some small delay ? or is it completely- . ( s ) so , i have not run kind of like a regress tests . it was like maybe 2 or 5 to 7 minutes minutes of read recordings it played and it was pretty fine . and i could observe a significant im improvement ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) le let me make a wo big warning again . we have now replaced a critical part of infrastructure , the mt cache with mt worker . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) which behaves differently and also the mt model going from phil 's to matu\u0161 , right ? so you are now using phil 's or matu\u0161 's set up . ( s ) i have both of them . which is . i have both of them right now . ( o ) and we have no idea which one of them is better . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) and both of them are new . so it 's , that - ( s ) ( ? ? ? ? ) so basically i 'll tell you that in terms of like- so basically both are like fast on ss same levels . but the quality ? i can not judge the quality . so someone has to do this . ( o ) yeah . yeah . ( j ) from the submission it looked like phil 's model was better . ( o ) from what submission ? the iw slt ? ( j ) yeah . ( o ) but that was tested only on the dev set , right ? ( j ) i think so , yeah . ( o ) so , maybe i 'm thinking what would be the best task- would be the iw slt test set indeed and everybody should translate the iw slt test set with their models . so someone should do it with the phil ones . but we did we have this , right ? so so we need only like a preliminary number from mohammad , right ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) plain translation but the problem is that this this involves also the asr set up . and we want to just assess the quality of the mt system alone . and we have not fed the true correct transcripts to the mt systems , have we ? we have not , right ? ( e ) for some of them , yes . i think for all of- . ( o ) i think none none of the systems has access to to that . yeah . so the task is is now , yeah , there is there is some to do . for a few people . so that 's like to do for the demo . so that would be sangeet to fi or so mohammad to share with everyone the true transcripts of english iw slt test set . sangeet to feed this through phil 's model . matu\u0161 to feed this through his model . mohammad to evaluate it , right ? ( s ) ( o ) in the terms of ble only . ( m ) we have it , so- . ( o ) yeah . so could this , could this be done today or tomorrow ? ( s ) yeah . i i can use dominik 's scripts which he used for iw slt . and it it depends on how , how many files do we have . ( o ) yeah . it 's not too many files . it's- . and it should be actually the sao files and then the khan academy is not that interesting . well , maybe to concatenating all ? what about concatenating all ? yeah . and then we can split it afterwards . concatenate it for mt systems and split again before evaluation , right ? ( e ) you mean the voices , ondrej ? ( o ) yeah , yeah . the transcripts . ( e ) transcripts only . ( o ) so the number of lines is fixed . it 's only the ble evaluation . yeah , so only ble scores . so the number of lines needs to be preserved . ( s ) i have i have like ( ? ? ? ? ) which is like a quick to fix the friday deadline . so maria said that she can review the romanian transcripts . if if if we generate the transcripts of any video and an we can give her . so , what i say is that we give the romanian transcripts generated from the matu\u0161 's model and from phil 's model and that maria decide which which one is better . ( o ) is better . yes . ( s ) because we want to be sure of romanian at least . ( o ) yeah . so here , here is the requirements . common constraints , preserve number of lines , translate form english into czech , german , romanian . so manual check by maria and- . sorry a second . ( ? another language ? ) okay , so- manual check by maria . and what else can we do with the list ? do we- ? we are going also from german into english , right ? ( s ) yeah , so right now i am using that lindet workers and that was crushing today . ( o ) and why lindet workers ? are they the best ones ? because karlsruhe has this world war ii bomb , right ? yeah , they had world war ii bombs found in their office so they have barred people from entering . ( o ) yeah . ( s ) and it happens to be that that very office is very close to the server room where all the all the elitr systems or records are . ( o ) so in the- to to make life easier in 3 or 4 upcoming days to make life easier , they are going to diffuse the world war ii bomb found during reconstruction and they must not enter their building , so- and they also had some hard drive failure again so they lost some files as well . so this is like- . yeah . ( s ) yeah . everything crushing at once . ( o ) yeah . yeah , exactly . so . so please mohammad concatenate all for mt systems . transcripts of english and also german as the- . and we also want czech actually because we also have one system for czech . yeah , we want everything . so we want translates from german into english , translate also from czech into english . ( s ) yeah , so we basically- . ( o ) yeah , and then we will- . . ( s ) yeah , please please . ( o ) yeah , so so ebrahim please ask mohammad to concatenate all the files in a parallel fashion and send and or provide 3 files to matu\u0161 and sangeet . one will be english , another one will be german and another one will be czech . and all these 3 should be translated by all the systems . ( e ) and then mohammad can evaluate them . ( o ) yeah . ( e ) this . so you need , okay , 2 files . one for all the ( ? ? ) and for all test sets , yes ? ( o ) for all test sets toge together , yeah . ( e ) yes , okay . ( o ) the whole iw slt test set . ( e ) okay , okay , so- . maybe he is listening to us , but i think- . ( o ) yes , please double check . yeah . so this this should be done today . and today it should be translated with the existing systems . from english into czech , german and romanian . from german to english and from czech to english . and then we will thrust the pivoting . ( e ) okay , yes . just , who can- . who should receive these files ? ( o ) sangeet and matu\u0161 . ( e ) sangeet and matu\u0161 , okay . ( o ) okay , great . and then we have atul and atul says that there is test data for almost- . so , let 's let 's move on to atul . atul are you on the call ? ( a ) yes , yes i am on the call . ( o ) yeah , okay , so you could help us equally . test data almost finished for 40 languages . let 's do this comparison as well . so , let 's do it only for the english to- . . ( e ) i just , ondrej . ( o ) yes . ( e ) i leave a call because i have a call and i want to answer the phone . can i leave the call now ? ( o ) yes , yes , yes . than you . i think we have discussed everything . thanks . ( e ) yes , ok . thank you . bye . goodbye everybody . ( o ) yeah . so atul you should do the same thing as mohammad should do . only going from english to the many languages . so , please have a look at your elitr test set that you are putting together . concatenate all the english files in a way in which you can easily break it up back again . ( a ) mhm . ( o ) and then provide this long english file to matu\u0161 and to sangeet and they should translate into all the languages that you have . so , what what is the set of languages that you have ? so the- . in your email- . so , so the , please concatenate all the english files in reversible way , so that you can easily break it up again . and send to matu\u0161 and sangeet , uh , sorry sangeet . so this file concatenated file , the names of languages where you have the target side . so this will surely be belarusian and or whatever you have . ( a ) yes , sure . ( o ) and into all these in- . ( a ) all those files are not validated . only 4 languages are validated by the annotators . so . ( o ) yes . are are the files at lest parallel ? ( a ) yes . but , i am not sure because yeah some sal some files have 1 sentences and some files has 2 has 2 sentences in the target and source side . so . so that 's a problem maybe . so that 's the reason i co discussed on friday if we can assign- . ( o ) let 's preserve the line for line convention . ( a ) okay . okay . ( o ) let \u2019 s not care if there is more sentences on one line . some of the systems will survive that and produce more lines , more sentences . but they must always produce the same number of lines . so it is critical that the number of lines remains correct . ( a ) okay . ( o ) so sangeet ant matu\u0161 , can you make sure that this holds ? ( s ) yeah . this is focus , this will be the focus after after friday right i do it . ( o ) i wanted this to be- . to help us to decide which system to use . but you 're right that it 's safe to give this task only to matu\u0161 and not to you , because you need to debug the pipelines . ( s ) yes , because you would n't want to risk the whole system . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . so , and matu\u0161 you have never run anything through mediator or have you ? ( m ) i have but i do n't know what to run and uh- , uh- . yeah , maybe it wo n't be- . just . i i think that it would be just simpler to just do like a visual test . like , like have the have them in the on the website . like like in two columns and someone who knows the language would just see directly . i think that- . ( o ) it 's not that simple anyway . because it 's like circulating 40 emails to 40 people . it and asking for their judgement . ( m ) okay , okay . sorry . i i meant like for romanian or or something . okay . so . ( o ) okay . for romanian , we 'll do this for romanian . ( m ) okay . ( a ) i think we have romanian already evaluated in different ( ? ? ? ) maybe i need to check . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( a ) i have a spanish , spanish and spanish data . ( o ) so anyway , atul please make sure that your , that you have as many languages parallel . like line for line . that the number of lines matches and concatenate the english side and send it to matu\u0161 and sangeet . ( a ) okay . ( o ) and also let me know where the references are . and be ready to receive the translations in all the many languages . and if we succeed , if sangeet succeeds , then we will give it to you and you will score it with against the references . ( a ) okay , sure . ( o ) so , actually none of these test sets are multi-parallel , correct ? ( a ) uh , some we have 22 languages , not only 20 , 22 languages have multiple multilingual parallel ( ? ? ? ? ) . like court of european and eurosai data is equally parallel but equal translation so we can use this data . ( o ) and it is ar all committed in the properly committed in the directory , right ? in the elitr test set . or is it still floating around somewhere ? ( a ) yes . court of european data is already uploaded on the data in the elitr test set . and i think , uh , if i 'm correctly reme if i remember correctly so polish and some spanish and cata catalan is already uploaded on elitr but some languages are n are not uploaded . so i will upload maybe tonight or tomorrow . ( o ) not maybe but for sure and do it within an hour , okay ? within an hour after the call . and i 'll i 'll have a look and you- . so so the assignment holds but there is a pre-requisite , before concatenating the files , put everything into the repository . and then do the concatenation . essentially , send us the command line that does the proper concatenation . so that we we will do the the clone get clone and we will concatenate it ourselves . and send us both , the output of the concatenation and the command line to run . and we will compare whether we got the same thing . okay ? ( a ) okay . ( o ) so test data . please concatenate so actually it's- . so please , there is one thing , uh , uh , make sure to have all current test sets components . current test sets components pushed to elitr test set repo . send us the command to concatenate the english sides and send us also the output of the concatenation . yeah . and that 's so that we can compare . so that we can double check we got the same thing . the- . yeah . reversible way . yep , yep , yep . so this is all . this all has to be . this all has to be done in a reversible way and sent to matu\u0161 and sangeet , right . ( a ) okay . please , if you just really coul could make it as simple as possible for me because i really really- . i 'm trying to do all the those stuff at once , so- . ( o ) yeah . so for matu\u0161 it is a- it should be one plain text file in english from atul that should be translated into all the languages in your model . and for matu\u0161 it should be 3 input files from mohammad . one in english , that needs to go to all the languages but we need czech , german and romanian . one in german that needs to go in english . ( a ) mhm . ( o ) and one in czech that needs to go to english . and this is it . so it should be 4 files for matu\u0161 , right ? ( a ) okay . okay . ( s ) german to english ? what what model is it ? what model are we using ? ( o ) well , matu\u0161 has a german to english model as well . it is multi , it 's english to many and many to english . ( s ) okay . ( m ) yeah . ( s ) so english is the pivot language , okay , okay . ( o ) yeah . yeah . ( m ) okay . okay . that is fine . okay . ( o ) so sangeet . for sangeet it should be these same 4 input files but sangeet should run on for now only for those files from mohammad and not fight with the with the with the atul file yet . and i will try to help with that . ( s ) okay . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( s ) and update with the czech segmenter is that so i observed that the czech segmenter is segmenting- . sorry . the number of segments in the okay ( ? ? ? ) . okay , so i manually . i segmented and punctuated a i 'm lost . so i punctuated and segmented and punctuated a transcript using my segmenter which has also been also punctuated manually by you . it was one of your youtube lectures back in back in back in months . and it has more segments than a manually that 's good . devised transcript . ( o ) that 's better . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so you have this new version and that that seems to have a higher recall than even the manual one . or whatever . okay ? ( s ) so i i i i have no nothing as of like numbers . experimental data which says it has a more recall than a manually devised transcript . kind of . but you . but i i visually i visuall i visually observed this . ( o ) yeah , that 's better . ( s ) so , this that 's better , yeah . ( o ) mhm , okay . so , let 's let 's quickly finish the the rest of atul 's contribution . i 'll be finished , hoping to be finished tomorrow . promised this sunday to finish it today , but unfortunately it did n't happen . yeah . cross examination of annotated data sets . so this is now going to happen very quickly in this test concatenation . yeah , and we we still- . yeah , i need to revise the emails . but the demo for the project officer is now little bit more urg urgent . yeah , building the test , filling the rest of the test data . assigned tests to annotators for evaluation . start preparing synthetic data . yes . yep . okay . that 's good . and matu\u0161 worked on the performance fixes . and now will translate the the 4 files . yeah . okay . i think , i think that 's it for today . we 'll be kicked in a minute , i guess . ( s ) yeah . yeah . ( o ) yeah . so thanks everybody for participation . and jona\u0161 we may ask you for some assistance later on , when we decide . and i need to wait until my daughter comes so i 'll come to the office only later . so sangeet until when are you in the office ? ( s ) maybe 7 or 8 . ( o ) yeah .", "tgt": "eliminate the time delay , operational and reputational impact related to the significant system and data loss caused by a human error and also external counterparty server failure . significant work on the system recovery and testing is to be done to assure optimal performance of newly built system . so far around 50 % of the work has been done . request has been made to pull immediate resources and work capacity to complete this task and focus on fixing bugs in pipeline and checking the scripts before the project demo event . location has been given for files serving as a static back-up copy for all the systems . all available test data need to be uploaded to the elitr test set repository . reversible parallel concatenation of all available files in iw slt test set needs to be performed by two separate individuals and all existing translation models . this should be done on the 12th may 2020 . the concatenated output as well as the relevant command line is to be circulated to relevant team members and output will be then compared . pivoting will be done afterwards . it is critical that the number of lines provided in the output remains intact ; line for line convention needs to be preserved . translation is to be done from english to czech , german and romanian ; from german to english and from czech to english . as well as from english to all other languages where target side is available . inter speech submission has been made and feedback is awaited by the 18th of may 2020 . by 28th may 2020 submission needs to be updated if deemed necessary after the feedback received . iw slt evaluation deadline is 27th may 2020 and decisions need to be made within a week in relation to this . preparation of talk level domain adaptation for the project officer demo . work on slt deliverables for elitr project . performance of the czech segmenter has been improved to the level of manually devised transcript as per visual observation . work on \u201c jupiter \u201d is progressing well and further steps are to be decided . to fill surge data table in order to transform points into bonuses and pay . meeting results: areas of attention have been identified , priorities assigned , action plan agreed and responsibilities have been distributed ."}
{"src": "( ? another language ? ) ( o ) so let 's switch to english right away . thanks for all of you , for for , to all of you for for the work and thanks for joining the call . as always the call will close sharply at quarter to 5 and we have 30 minutes to to discuss . so i see dominik connecting , so i 'll start and i would first of all make a big thank you to to dominik , sangeet also an and jon\u00e1\u0161 and and peter . and also matu\u0161 but i 'm not sure how how much you contributed there for the edible slt submission . so i i 'm still totally lost in how many submissions we actually made . so i 'll organize that . hopefully ebrahim is little bit more oriented in . we have now 4 or 3 days to to write the papers . so these are system papers and they should be as detailed as as necessary to explain what the systems are . so please , actually , let 's let 's make use of this call to summarize the submissions . so dominik , if you 're still here-oh , i see sangeet twice . is that correct ? ehm . ( d ) i think , sangeet exists only once . ( m ) i do n't see sangeet even once . ( o ) oh , that 's interesting . like i 'm a participants . there is- ( m ) sangeet . ( j ) i i see him 3 times now . ( o ) yes , ok , i think it 's going crazy . so sangeet , how many times are you corrected ? ( o ) yeah , so i suspect , i suspect that you have 2 devices connected and they are now trying to mute each other , so we do n't hear you , eh , much . it was very interrupted . so if you , if you could , if , if these 3 sangeet connection are from 1 room , then it 's very risky . yeah , if it 's someone else , just re-using your name , then that 's ok . yeah , ok , so dominik , can you summerize what are the submissions , because i 'm , i know that you have done a lot of work , thank you , but i 'm i 'm lost . ( d ) yes , so there is online asr , it 's karlsruhe . and it 's the hybrid worker for antrecorp and and the worker number 1 for the other domains . this is the ( ? ? ) submission . this is translated by ( ? ? ) into german . and by there , edible slt 2019 into czech and that 's the primarys submission for online slt . then we have offline asr , the primary tyson's . and primary , primary offline slt uses the same workers as online slt . and then us non , non-primary submissions i i submitted . tyson 's asr translated by every worker we have . and except the karlsruhe german , because it 's not easy for me . and peter 's asr translated by the workers i could get in the time pressure . ( o ) mmm-mmm , yeah , ok . yeah , so i suggest that you still run even now after the deadline , that you still run also the other mt , like to to make the tables complete , so to say , in the paper . so not all of the , not all of the submissions that that , not all of the runs will be officially evaluated . but most of them will , and for the others , it is still interesting to know them using like they the scoring that that you will use in the in the paper . so , so to make the tables complete , please finalize the runs . i missed some of the details , but well , if if you can them , for summary edit this document . so , the the primary online , that 's the very main thing , how did it work , how did it compare to-so the google translate , another things have you obtain that or not at all . or has jon\u00e1\u0161 obtain that ? ( d ) yes , but they they were not online . the only online asr ( ? ? ) . ( o ) say it again . ( d ) the only online asrs are the 3 by karlsruhe . ( o ) yeah , ok . yeah , and ( ? ? ) the offline ones . how how well did they score in your measures ? like i 'm i 'm curious about what can we expect , ehm . whether we can- ( d ) i have n't evaluated . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( d ) then by blas scores . ( o ) yeah . so we know just the asr scoring and their the- ( d ) and blas scores on the 3 karlsruhe online asrs . because they were ready in advance . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) that 's why i could evaluate them , but but still . in the end i decided to drop antrecorp . because it 's very unstable . so i , i made an average of the scores of the 3 asrs and pick the best . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) worker . ( o ) regardless , regardless antrecorp files . regardless the 2 antrecorp files . ( d ) yes , so only ( ? ? ) and auditing , because- ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( d ) long document . ( o ) yeah . and we have , we have peter on the call . so a big warning that i was discussing with-so actually and and also jon\u00e1\u0161 , the big warning is about the edinburgh asr system by ond\u0159ej klejch . because that was trained on ami corpus , so they 're , but you were not comparing this system dominik , if i understand correctly . making the judgement , base on the ami performance , or based on a deaf set , which includes ami would be an over estimation of the edinburgh ami trained system . but that was not in your comparison , so that 's , like , the choice was not affected in in anyway . ok . ( j ) i 'm i 'm trying to figure out better the ami deaf set was included in the edinburgh ami- ( o ) it 's very likely . because we have selected the files . and they are the first files in the corpus , so it 's very likely that they were included . we did not-so , we selected or daniel such\u00fd selected these files from ami corpus . and the goal was to have as non-native speakers as possible in this in these files . and also the domain should be somewhat related and these were the criteria to select it . so we did n't follow any trained deaf test division that would be available for ami corpus . so it 's it 's very likely . ok , so thanks , thanks also for the details . now , i need to synchronize with sangeet , probably at the end of the call , but the main question is , yes no question . whether sangeet could make sure that from 11 or some time before that actually , our system is ready to subtitle or well , not subtitle , the paragraph view is what we what we want now . the czech meeting it 's , that 's a very formal thing actually , that 's one of the one of the departments of the prague city-so the prague city is run by several organizations , this one is about the new development , so when they are deciding where to put bridges and where to where to make new suburbs , this is the , this is the people who are deciding . and they have theyl their weekly meetings , and they agreed to have their meetings recorded so i 'll i will forward you zoom link and i have the permission that i can connect then and you as well , and we need to record that as a back up in case the recording button does n't work for them . they are not sure whether they will a manage it . and we can use that for the minuting later on . and i also told them that we will subtitle it , they 'll be talking czech . so i would like to send them the link to the to the only the quest view , not the subtitles and for in- , like i would just for curiosity it will be interesting to also translate it into english and german , maybe . so it 's not not the point to have too many languages , but the point is just to illustrate it . so if you could prepare the set up . and we should probably test it either late toni- later tonight or with one of the zoom links that matfyz , the school can provide . that 'll be ideal . or tomorrow in the morning , but that would be kind of tricky . so if you could after this call , get your machine ready to follow the sound . make sure that you can record the sound . so that we have the back up . and do not trust ( ? ? ) if possible . but , and to to have the pipeline for czech asr into displaying czech , english and german . yeah , so that 's that 's one one like last minute request . i known this while ago but i forgot to ask it specifically . yeah , thank you . and then , for for edible slt i know that mohammad is here and he has also type the the progress , but i 'm afraid that his microphone somehow not excepted not recognized . maybe it is forbidden in the in the browser , so mohammad maybe you need to like de- maybe you have click remember permanently not to use the microphone or something like that . so mohammad probably can not speak , so i would like to know what is the status of the elitr of the edible slt test set . you have been working on that , you 've created the the visualization of the subtitles , the word level time stamping of those and you 've we 're working on the evaluation script , that 's that 's good . ehm , but still , the asr files are something which we are not ready to evaluate . we 're ready to evaluate slt , so thanks for that . but what is the status ehm , and how many files are not manually processed yet . that would be something that i would like to hear from mohammad . so let 's this is a test for mohammad was able to listen to me . ( mo ) yes . ( o ) oh great , amazing . so please just let me know how many files are still in with the annotators . ( mo ) yes , hi all . e-mail contain the remaining files , but the most question is about ( ? ? ) files in because the words in ( ? ? ) files and the ost files are not the same . do they need to be talk again ? ( o ) ehm , we can change the-so that 's , some of these files are correct and some are not and this is , this is what i was trying to explain to you in in an e-mail . so the the goal is to had the transcript match the sound and one really has to listen to the sound and check which of the files matches the sound . i do n't think that there would be inter annotator agre- disagreement that different people would hear different things in the sounds . it is possible with , if someone is mumbling , but that would be like a rare thing . and at this rare thing it really does n't matter . so if it 's this rare thing , someone mumbling , and 2 annotators doing di- differently then feel free to switch to the eaf because that is word level annotated and modify modify the ostt . that 's like as as if switching to another goal standard . but it 's it 's mumbling region . so it is not too important . most people would not understand what is being said anyway . but if it 's if it 's like a technical difference , that someone like , it 's not clear to me why we have this difference . so if it 's a technical difference , that some people spell out abbreviations and some do n't then again we need to make like an annotation decision and choose one of these . so this is essentially where there is a conflict , it means that it has to be manually revised . and i think it would be best if you could do it , mohammad . so if you could look at these this mismatches , and manually choose . we we want to have the time labeled transcripts . so choosing the eaf file is better is an easier option . because you will get the time stamps with that . but if the eaf files are wrong , we do n't really want to to like make this regression and go to something worse than what we already have . so in that case , you should modify and like correct the eaf files based on the ostt . because the ostt were created by experienced people , like most of them pro- not all of them , maybe that there could be errors everywhere . but i would be tempted to trust the ostt files a little bit more . but we do want the annotation from the eaf files . so that 's why the the merge the manual merge is is inevitable i think . so does that make sense ? ( mo ) so , correct eaf files per yeah ? ( o ) i , there were many gaps in your in the sound from you . i think you said that you will correct the eaf files based on the ostt files . ( mo ) yes . ( o ) yes and no . i would prefer you to correct the eaf files based on the sound . add the places where the ostt files show the mismatch . so in another words , go over the points of the mismatch as you locate them in the texts . but to decide what is the correct thing , do not trust the ostt . trust only the sound . ( mo ) if you agree , i will tell the 2 version of them . once per ( ? ? ) and one base on corrected version . ( ? ? ) ( o ) but what what will you based the correction on ? what will be the basis for the correction for the eaf files ? ( mo ) ehm , can change eaf files based on ost f- ( o ) no , no , no it 's , you really have to trust the sound . the only golden trust is the sound . so we , the eaf files and the ostt files are equally likely to have transcription errors . so it 's like an annotators mismatch and to resolve the mismatch it 's not a good idea to just flip a coin and choose one of those . the correct idea is to use these mismatches to find the spots and hear again what it 's what is in the sound . ( mo ) but i listen to sound but there are very ( ? ? ) and i could not find , i could not understand ehm- ( o ) ok , ok , so so if you but you should do this for every place . so for every place of the mismatch , if you do not understand choose the eaf and modify the ostt according to the eaf . if you do understand then choose the correct thing . and that could be anywhere . ( mo ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , so please prepare this list , complete list of mismatches , which file which words , like generated automatically if it 's too long . or if it 's too too limited then just do it yourself . and fix it on the spot . but if this list is long , then generate automatically and send it to me and daniel and we will check whether will decide whether the annotators could do the the decisions . so you do- you would not have to do the listening yourself . but you have to list all the not just the files , but the spots in the files . ( mo ) yeah , i will do it . ( o ) yeah , ok , thank you . ( mo ) and excuse me , and the for- and i make an kaldi for them by tomorrow or- ( o ) yeah , so the ami corpus should be correct . we generally trust the word level time stamps . show i sh- i would not worry too much , but yes please that would be good if if you still create it . ( mo ) yeah , thanks . ( o ) yeah , ok thank you . so that that was mohammad , i 'm happy that you were all able to to hear his voice , because he he was supposed to be in prague , but he is now running his extern ship instead , suppose to internship . and yeah , so let 's go quickly further . for the elitr test set i would like to , i i do n't know , yes atul is here as well . so later on when atul presents i would like to hear what is the status . where is the table , if atul could put here the table the link to the table where there is each of the files . and the annotators who are now processing them and at what status are are there . what is the overall status . so-yeah . ( a ) i will link here . ( o ) yeah , wha- what is the overall status and also how many annotators are waiting and for what . so i want to see the length of the queues kind of . so these are our workers they should ehm they should be working and not waiting . so we need to to give them some some work . put it directly to the not as a comment , put it directly as a as a sub sub point . thank you . and for the elitr test set usage i would like to ask sangeet and matu\u0161 to start using the elitr test set . so we already have 1 or 2 files , that 's not too many . but i would like the cruise control to start running still manually but so that we would see how are mt systems are processing the files in the elitr test set . so this is , this is something that it ha- it does n't have to be done this week but this is something that you should like plan and hopefully from the next week for example you should know how to do it and then it should become like push of a button thing for you . yeah . then we have this list of submissions thanks for all the details . then we 've already discussed mohammad , so thank you . and now sangeet , please can you briefly say what you have been working on ? if if we have at least on the 3 sangeets . sangeet , can you hear us ? i s-yeah , sangeet can you hear us ? yeah , and does it does the microphone work for you , can you just briefly summarize so we have what you have been working on ? ( s ) yeah , sure . so i have been working on - and using pre-trained fastest ehm ( o ) hmm-hmm . ( s ) because it was ehm- solution and everyone advised to - this could be a bit of task . ( o ) ok . ( s ) and - because the repositories where links to check - ( o ) sorry , so so the sound for some reason your network connection is very bad . i do n't know if you 're running on on wif- on on wi-fi or wired connection or ehm . your connection seems to be much worse than normally and this this worries me especially for tomorrow . so for the for the recording , if if you were som- yeah , ok , but anyway , yes i i i know that you are working on these 2 things and there 're like serious technical issues . this failure did i understand correctly that the repositories are not available ? that the source code in is missing ? or did i guess wrongly ? yeah , i i still do n't understand so so like probably some strange programming language used . that 's that 's my guess what you are saying . yeah . and then you were working on the edible slt segmentation and punctuation . ok . ( s ) ( ? ? ) programming language . ( o ) just write it down i do n't , yeah , i ca n't that it 's , i can not understand . ( d ) he he found us ( ? ? ) in the r programming language . ( o ) oh in the r , yes , that 's a horrible program language with the worst , yeah . that should be surpassable but it 's complicated , yes . ( d ) ( ? ? ) 2014 . ( o ) yeah , w-that 's the the r language is extremely old and it it did n't i 'm sure it did n't change in the last 6 years . so it it 's probably it should be possible to to get it running the best r expert in this department is silvie cinkov\u00e1 by the way . so you can ask silvie but she 's a linguist not a programmer but she she has done some serious r coding herself . and she- ( m ) yeah , anyway , anyway i have n't done much r coding myself but i know that basically r is maintained at in zurich . and i and i also have some subject in r so maybe if like if . ( o ) yeah . ( m ) if something totally does n't work maybe just ask me and maybe i will know but i i 'm i by me no by no means i i 'm no expert . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so so sangeet you have now 2 people to ask , silvie , she will probably not understand the technical things but she wa- she was in touch with people who use it more often . and then and then matu\u0161 . so we should be able to get get over this and also do get in touch with the students actually from from that seminar of mine , martin jen\u010d and sunit , because the it 's also their their task . so by discussion with them you should be able to overcome this . yeah , ok . and then you have done all the all the technical work for the segmentation and yeah . so , ok , thank you , let 's let 's let 's proceed . and , but sangeet please let me know by e-mail what 's with your connection because for tomorrow session that will be very bad . if we-yeah , ok thank you . so we have dominik , who has submitted all the many system , thanks . the definish of translation lag was sentence catch up it 's still imperfect . it make a negative ( ? ? ) ok , so there is still an improvement of the definition . feel free to describe that to the edible slt submission or whatever . ( d ) yes . and we need to decide how many system description papers . ( o ) yes , yes . yeah , so that 's a main question for pe- peter as well . and for jon\u00e1\u0161 and and you . so how many , is it 4 pages ? what is the limit ? ( d ) i do n't know , i have n't looked yet . ( o ) yeah , i 'll let me check . ( d ) but the more papers the better for me , because i wo n't need to care about the others . ( o ) yes , that 's true . ( d ) mostly peter 's work and jon\u00e1\u0161 's in the others . ( o ) system papers are due april 24th , ( ? ? ) must be ( ? ? ) . well system papers do not need to be . and 4 to 8 , 4 to 8 so 4 is the lower bound actually . ( d ) ok . ( o ) in in way if , yeah . so so how many , so the question is so peter can probably re-use some of his thesis text . as the description of the systems that he used . so that could easily like made sufficient content . but it should not steal to much of like new things . it should be just brief summary . and so i think that peter 's submission is the most distingue from others . so peter , are you are you here , can you can you talk , can you , can you confirm ? ( p ) yes , yes , yes . ( o ) yeah , so so do you do you agree to write a separate paper ? ( p ) ooo , yes i can . because i can , as as you said i can re-use my part of my thesis . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) and i done 5 separate submissions . we need to figure out which are which we take . because , because i just 1 minute after me dominik send me an e-mail with si- where i was sees it . that with some with some of my some of my systems . but i i submitted all the task , i submitted asr slt to to czech and slt to german . and- ( o ) that was with linda , right ? that was with linda translation . ( p ) yes , yes . both both slts will were with lindat . i i do n't know if i had use the good , good models , because there were many models to choose so- ( o ) for lindat ? ( p ) yeah . i i think there were many many english model , i do n't know how much german models there were . but for english there were at least 2 or 3 systems . ( o ) like from initiating to watch . ( p ) english to czech . ( o ) english to czech 3 , oh , ok . ( p ) at least . so i chosen the default ones , so hopefully- ( o ) hopefully , yeah . ( p ) yeah . and so i do n't know i i checked random leader quality of the translation and it 's it was horrible , i would say . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) but but so are the so are the- ( o ) the sources . ( p ) slt so so i do n't think there 's much to to translate actually . but hopefully we will see . ( o ) yeah . ( p ) so this is a question for dominik . which which submission should we take . he-dominik you you s- you have written something like that it 's like subset of my word or something . ( d ) yes . i think your asrs , your offline asrs can be mark as primary in your submissions . and i do n't mind to to pass the translations i did from your source as as in your submission . so you i think you still can mark 1 as primary , ca n't you ? ( p ) ok , so and which the translation model did you use ? ( d ) many of them , but one of them is the one that i used as as primary for our submissions , for the ( ? ? ) new rainbow worker for german and- ( p ) and it 's the different one from the from the online ufal translation model . ( d ) do you mean the one that is in lindat website ? ( p ) i do n't know whether it is lindat or ufal . ( m ) yeah , it has to be a different one because it 's daniel worker anyway . right . ( d ) which worker ? ( m ) well . ( o ) so matu\u0161 created their new rainbow worker . ( m ) no no no . ( o ) last night , no ? ( m ) it phil 's so , phil 's new worker . ( o ) phil 's new wo- , ok . so the the easiest thing the easiest way to organize this is actually to have the 2 papers , so peter please set up . you already are probably on on copy , you know the overleaf for the dominik 's submission . ( p ) yes . ( o ) please make similar one . and let 's simply organize what is the primary submission and what what all submissions are there in the paper and then this is what i 'll use for the official summary as as well . so use the papers , now follow what what is now in the google document , the su- the submissions . so maybe discuss still for a while , like what , yeah it 's it's-i i have n't expected , this is actually a big achievement but i have n't expected that we 'll have so many systems to to choose from . so that is , that is great . but we need to no not to loose ourselves in that in that long list . so . ( d ) i i can show you ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah , please do . can you share the screen ? ( d ) i i 'm going to put here the link . ( o ) ok . ( d ) here . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( d ) and it it 's too very messy and i organize . ( o ) and why is it called copy of ? ( d ) because matu\u0161 evaluated blascors of all the systems and then pass pass it to me in his spreadsheet and i did the copy- ( m ) i did n't give you really any access so how ? ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so now which sheet should we be looking at ? because there is , i saw this table in the morning from you , thank you . but i i did n't know where where to look . ( d ) see as final view , the first sheet in the left . yeah and i highlighted both the tool , the the one that i 've chose as a candidate for czech . ( o ) so this is primary right ? this is primary . ( d ) yes . ( o ) so actually i 'll put here primary and ash- it should have a name . so like primary for dominik 's in dominik 's paper , right ? ( d ) yes . for czech . ( o ) for czech , yeah yeah . primary and 2 cs in dominik 's paper . and then what else . this is the the other one , so is it , this is the same thing , right ? primary in . ( d ) yes . ( ? ? ) by the document . ( o ) by the document , yes , exactly . ok . ( d ) maybe the other defaulted thing . and in the second sheet in the ( ? ? ) ( o ) in deol right ? yeah . ( d ) yes , below there is , if you look at the auditing part , that 's here the option for english to german . and i . ( o ) am i correct that line 54 is the primary ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , ok . so primary english to the in dominik 's paper . right . ( d ) this asr , edible slt 20 others core 1 . ( o ) yeah . s-ok so the first column is the machine translation system , the second column is the asr , right ? ( d ) yes . ( o ) yeah , ok . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) mt asr document , then ble and what , what is the last one ? ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok . yeah , s- , yeah that 's a goal translations . the asr , yeah . so the , that 's clear . yeah , yeah , ok . so this is it is a little bit clear . the first sheet , which is empty , can we actually delete it or is there something on on that ? this list ( ? another _ language ? ) ( d ) where is it ? ( o ) the very first sheet . ( d ) aha , i did n't see . it was , i i 'm going to delete it . ( o ) yeah , ok , please do . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok . so so it will be good if dominik you could evaluate also the peter 's runs or and and and jon\u00e1\u0161 , jon\u00e1\u0161 where are your systems ? are their included in these tables ? ( d ) no because they were not segmented . ( o ) ok . yeah . ( j ) so because i i did n't know whether to evaluate all the systems on test set that it 's seems unnecessary that we like should i evaluate even like the google submission and microsoft and- ( o ) yes , please do . exactly , please do , yes , please do . this will useful for- ( j ) because so far it 's only on deaf set , but i have n't eval- i have n't proc- process the test set . ( o ) yeah , yeah plea- please do process it . so i 'll i 'll have to write the the summary paper . and the question is whether we want to use these numbers also in the submission papers or whether i 'll simply steel these numbers from you and use them in the in the overview picture . but i 'll need the outputs in any case . so if you can run this . it 's like the ans- the an- well , simply the online submissions , the the submissions that we just ran . ( j ) and should i ran them on all parts of the test set ? ( o ) yes . yes . so please do and please send them to- ( j ) ok , ok . ( o ) to me and mohammad and also ebrahim . ( j ) ok , so i i will do that . ( o ) yeah , thank you . so your systems are not included , the question is whether they-so they they make secondary submissions , right ? like non-primary submissions . or sh- do you have enough submissions based on your asr so that it would make a third paper ? ( j ) ehm , i i do n't think that there is too much to write about them to fill in a whole paper . ( o ) so the question is whether we , whether whey are s- , where some of them are very likely to be good ones . and that could be either yours or by ond\u0159ej klejch . which systems do we really trust . so i would trust the karlsruhe system for asr and then whatever dominik has chosen for mt but i would equally much trust the the system that you have . and also the the ond\u0159ej klejch . system . so , what what what scored better in terms of asr for , was it your systems or ond\u0159ej klejch 's ? ( j ) ehm , well it 's , i think the mozilla and ( ? ? ) models are almost likes , ve- very similar . and then google scored slightly better . and there is microsoft somewhere in the me- middle . and the ami based system scored quite well , but it very likely that it may - ( o ) so from my point of view , it would actually make more sense if you wrote a third paper , because this is like distinct tables . dominik would supervise what he evaluated , you would supervise what you evaluated and peter would supervise what what he evaluated . so that the main author , the first author of each of these papers will be responsible for the tables to be like internally consistent . and that 's the easiest way to achieve this . another option is that that we put all the submissions into 1 folder , and 1 will oversee each measure . so what do you prefer ? that 's for each for up to you each of you . ( j ) well , i i 'm not sure if i can fill like 4 to 8 pages of paper by describing the systems . well i can describe like all the i do n't know , hyper parameters and stuff , but i- ( o ) so so then please please write it as like a separate section into dominik 's overleaf for now . but please describe it there . ( j ) yeah , ok . ( o ) just a warning , in 2 minutes we 'll be cut off . or maybe less . yeah , so so please describe it in dominik 's paper . and we 'll we 'll see . so make it like a separate table for now and as i wrote already some time ago , please put full paths to the outputs in the paper , as comments at least . or make it , make them even visibly in the in the pdf . ok . have we missed anybody ? atul , you 'll be cut off . so you 're still preparing the test sets . oh . ( a ) yeah , actually i got to resend the link from karolina for ( ? ? ) and other languages . so- ( o ) yeah , so you 're preparing more , ok that 's good . ( a ) i think it 's already prepared and maybe i 'll send-because i 'm waiting his res- her response . as you know we have already send some tested data for validation- ( o ) please , please check the outputs that daniela sent . so that we can confirm whether this was good or not . ( a ) ok , i-", "tgt": "filling up system papers online and offline asr data in corpus - source recording prague council meeting annotators - transcripts timestamps r programming language description paper submissions dominik 's file jon\u00e1\u0161 's systems filling up papers - who will do which one"}
{"src": "( moderator ) : i hope that everybody 's fine with recording this meeting , eh , yes . yes . ok eh , thank you eh . and i see , that it is indeed being recording so eh being recorded , so , eh , that 's good . eh , yeah , so . i 'll try to share my screen , because i was given the presentation options , so probably you see my screen now ? ( milo\u0161 ) : yes , we do . at least i do . ( moderator ) : okay , and , yeah and there is this , eh , i 'll minimize this , so there is a small agenda for eh the call today . unfortunately , there is no overlap between eh alfaview and pervoice eh in this week , so i 'll ( try to do ) the doodle poll for the next week as well eh and hopefully , we will find something eh there . if no , then we 'll , i 'll just transfer whatever is whatever is needed . umm , yeah . okay , so eh for today , we have this eh small call and the news is , that , are there any news from sao about the status ? because you have asked the official contact points and eh i 'm not sure whether you have received any response from them whatsoever . ( milo\u0161 ) : i am not sure either but i hope , that there will be a resistent answer soon . i was tasked to prepare the exact questions we are asking so i hope that 's on track , but i 'm not sure . ( moderator ) : yeah , so that 's already like two weeks since you have contacted them , at least . so hopefully they will be able to respond in some reasonable time . eh , the second question is: can we go on and , like split the budget , that we previously allocated for sao , among other parties ? this is your internal sao decision , and i know , that you are like not the `` this is a very decisive person '' , but still , do you think do sense , that within sao , the idea is , that you do n't want to get any money from this project , eh ? is that correct ? ( dario ) : yes , that 's absolutely correct , we do n't want any money . i , that that could be considered official already , mm . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay , so we will we will proceed and will modify the budget without you . but at the same time we will allocate person months to you . or like you should allocate those in the overleaf and i will somehow make it clear in the tables , that the person months that are by sao will not be paid for from the budget , but you will be assumed to have your own funding for those person months . ehm , so i do n't know , how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards , but just promise some sensible number of person months , that you could indeed claim , that you have worked on project , and definitely , it should be tasks you want to do within the scope eh , of the project , so just like broadcasters further within sao . thank you . so then the , eh the speech to speech translation is something that eh alfaview does n't want to have in the eh , like they do n't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the , eh remote conference calls . i do n't think that this is a big problem . i think that we 'll just make sure that in the project , there is no promise on this , and eh eh with pervoice , this makes the situation easier , because you would only eh make sure that the platform ( ? ? ) produces subtitles and sends them to to alfaview . for the real use case , like not remote , eh but but eh , the physical word use case , eh we are still probably undecided how are we going to ship the translations to the participants , but my baseline eh idea is some web page that gets updated , so that would be again speech to text translation , and eh eh , i do n't know em , dario , whether you have experience with shipping voice to individual cell phones or , how should we approach this for the for the conference or the workshops at eh at sao events . ( dario ) : no , we do n't have experience . we always provided subtitles , basically . ( moderator ) : yes . ( dario ) : we have to identify eh , in fact , how the the final platform for the delivery of the of the translation , i think , but the ehmm , text to speech does n't add the so much information to the text , in fact , and probably - ( moderator ) : that actually - ( dario ) : please . ( moderator ) : yeah , eh , i just wanted to confirm that i also think that it actually makes the information harder to digest eh . ( dario ) : yes , because it 's ehh it does n't provide any prozaic information , so that 's the - the text to speech does n't provide any information more than that . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay , yeah , thank you . so , we will ( board ) in the project as you specified or you , within the integration work package should , like make sure the description is clear , and sao should be aware of this , like for their workshops . that sao should somehow make sure that participants have some devices at hand , that can display the subtitles in in some form . because each of the- the idea is , that each of the participants will be seeing the translations in his own language . eh , so the eh pervoice eh eh integration should eh translate from the single speech signal that comes in to a into the many target languages , and ship those subtitles to the different eh users at eh the workshop . ( dario ) : yes , that 's correct . just a question , because maybe it was not clear to me . eh the ehmm application to provide the subtitle would be alfaview application , correct ? ( moderator ) : that 's for the remote meetings , but i do n't think that this is the case for the live meetings eh the sao the eurosai congress , so there is the plenary session of the eurosai congress and then , there is the individual meetings , like the workshops . and eh , in the plenary session , there is the single speech given by the speaker , and then possibly some some questions , and we 'll try to connect to the interpretors eh and eh and eh transcribe their voices , and or directly the main one eh and then eh , this will be shipping the subtitles to somewhere . eh , and this somewhere , eh in a very baseline solution , can be just the web page with , like autorefresh eh and ( unknown _ voice ) : yeah ( ? ? ) . ( moderator ) : and , yeah . ( dario ) : sorry , it was n't clear to me , so i will also ( ? ? ) asking the integration work package for the let me say presentation application development . ( moderator ) : yes , yes for live meetings ? yes , yes . so , the idea is that that you , in this project , you are the integrator for all the technologies , and you are also the final eh application provider for their live use case . because alfaview will not be involved in the the live meetings eh . and i think , that the alfaview should be in , like present at the at the conference at the the eurosai congress for dissemination purposes , because there will be also the eh meetings eh done remotely among the sao delivery sai institute . and for the remote meetings , they will use the alfaview platform , and then the subtitles are delivered through pervoice into the alfaview platform . ( dario ) : okay , that 's that 's fine . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . so this was this was this was also for milo\u0161 , just to make to make that eh , to like , known in within sao that ehm . and maybe , sao should contribute to that integration task some person-month on like , agreeing on the interface . ( milo\u0161 ) : you mean for the eurosai congress ? ( moderator ) : yes , and for the workshop , for the live events . ( milo\u0161 ) : yeah , that 's , for me , it 's a part of the congress . yeah , of course , this has to be . ( moderator ) : hm , hm , hm . yeah , so simply , dario will create a task in the work package 7 on the integration , and this task should have some like many more person month by pervoice , because they need to develop this . but also , there should be some small amounts of person month by sao to , like make sure that sao is aware of what the platform needs and and how to , like make sure that the participants can use it . ( unknown _ speaker ) : ( dario ) : yes , okay . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( dario ) : okay . ( moderator ) : thank you , so now let 's move to the next eh , item in the agenda , and there 's the task and the task and deliverables related to the eurosai congress , and other sao events , and this is something , that would like to just clarify how i see it , and make sure that you you see it similarly . eh , so there will be the main eurosai congress eh , in the middle of the project , and then , before that , there could be some dry runs workshops , or there will be some , we will make sure that there are some . and after that , there will be also other events again , this workshop style eh events mainly . so when i say workshop style , i mean: it 's a live meeting of up to 20 people , and each of them strives to speak english , but they are non-native speakers and there is the subtitling running , and that subtitling translates this non-native english into all the participants languages , so that they can eh follow the discussion with , like more input and better confidence . i hope that everybody sees it the same way ? so , sao should make sure that there is that there is enough events happening and that we know about them , and that we like , connect to them . aside from the main eurosai congress . and pervoice should be ready to . well , i do n't know , maybe maybe maybe you should have like . you definitely have person month and travel eh plans eh in the budget for the main congress , but maybe you should add some extra for the other events . the dry run and also the follow-up ones . ( dario ) : yes ( the ) we have the non-apriori the number of events , that would be eh manageable . i think but at least one event per project year should be very important . also , for the view for the- ( moderator ) : yeah . ( dario ) : the review meetings . ( moderator ) : yeah , exactly . so , i think , that in the first year , we should have at least one dry run workshop , eh which is like actually a complete test , but it 's still before the main eurosai congress . in the second year , there definitely should be the main congress , and then eh maybe one more in the same second year , or eh like two in the third year . so i would eh ask eh sao , if it seems reasonable to have one dry run , one main congress and then 2 follow up workshops . could you check , if this is eh if this is feasible , or if we have to go for just 1 dry run main conference and then one follow-up ? ( milo\u0161 ) : well , it is , i believe it is not decided yet eh . we have only a vague idea that , of course , something will be happening the year after the congress , but what and how many is not decided yet . but also , you reminded me an important thing: i need to also ask about the way the follow up thing will work . because there is the clear distinction now between the plenary and the workshops . and from yo your your speech , i get the idea , that you are interested mainly in the workshop-type thing . ( moderator ) : yes , that 's because it 's eh like ehh it 's more in line with the speech research partners want to focus on , that 's non-native speech . and , it like reduces the the further burden of the source languages , so eh it 's maybe the more important setting . the congress with the plenary sessions is something too to show off , but the eh the workshops are eh , like more practical , i would say . so , that 's the that 's why i kind of promote them now . a bit more . ( milo\u0161 ) : yes , it makes sense , but i need to ask . i have no idea what ( forum ) the other events will be in . ( moderator ) : yeah , i 've understood that from what i 've heard from your colleagues , i 've understood , that it 's mainly these workshop-style sessions that the congress is with plenary sessions is is something eh , not that frequent . so , i think that ehh , dario , for now , i think , we 're quite on the safe side to say that will have 1 dry run , one main and then 2 follow-up experiments . so if you can plan 4 events in total , 1 of them being the the longer 1 , that that will probably be easy to to accomplish . ( dario ) : i ( was about ) to answer the anchor point you put into the google doc . i would n't create i would n't like not to create separate task , but to have a one single task sao events . ( moderator ) : okay . ( dario ) : ( and ) one believable ( prior ) . ( moderator ) : okay , eh , yea . so , eh so the then this task should be planned for the all the 3 years , like ehh , maybe starting at month 7 , because nothing could happen earlier , but running until the end without any specific dates , right ? ( dario ) : exactly . ( moderator ) : okay , so let 's make this one task for sao events , and then , in the task description , we will say , that we plan to have the dry run and then the main and then the two follow ups . yeah , so that 's clear . ( dario ) : exactly . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay thank you . and then , related thing is the eh the view , like where the events should be mentioned , and i 've put that into that into the agenda here . so the the integration work package eh is the one that makes sure that everything runs . that actually delivers the software and the tool to that to those events . while the work package 7 dissemination helps to promote the project and its results at these events . so this is like , collocated activity and the dissemination is something , ehh that ehh should include eh alfaview . whereas the eh integration for the events does not need alfaview . because the alfaview is not providing eh anything any remote platform eh into these events . is that clear ? ( dario ) : yes . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay . yeah , so now let 's move on to the next item , which is the the italian . so i understand that the pervoice would like italian . ( dario ) : yes . ( moderator ) : i 'm not sure how the ( word ) extend is like covered in italian . well , we do n't have karlsruhe on the call . but they already have some italian . eh , so , eh i do n't know , how much person-months do we have to devote to italian to , to move it to level where eh where pervoice would like it . and at the same time , we need to justify eh this additional resources for italian . from like the ( overall ) project 's use case . eh , so maybe , dario if you could say more about like what the level of italian , how much effort is needed there , or eh and then sao will comment on on eh eh , like , the availability of the need of of that , or maybe , we can squeeze some of this need from alfaview , possibly . i 'm just guessing . so if yeah . ( dario ) : okay , just let me add 1 thing to this . and also pervoice is active in the asr field and provide asr for not only for italian language but but for 30 language , currently . so italian - so italian , obviously , being our mother tongue language , is that the one where we perform better . and we already specialize the italian asr the for many many eh , domains , so called domains . currently one of our customer is the constitutional ( court ) ( ? ? ) and depending on the availability of the data , the person-months required the for training and dedicated the italian model , for the italian asr model eh let me say , can vary from eh 3 to 6 month person months for maximum . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( dario ) : so , it 's not a huge task and we can we have perform the eh tests also on the on a at the italian parliament . we have been competing for the italian parliament , and we reach the accuracy up to 98 percent of accuracy . that , emm ( moderator ) : yeah . ( dario ) : it is considered the most accurate italian speech recognition system , so it's ( moderator ) : okay , yeah . that 's , that 's very good and i think , that the that needs to be like advertised for in the project proposal as well , and that extends your role from being just the integrator to also working directly on the asr work package , right ? ( dario ) : yes . ( moderator ) : yeah , so please make sure that your person months are already are also included in asr work package and in the description , the asr work package is not yet ( populated ) very much . so karlsruhe role is even a little slower than we are with the writing . so this , this is like very good , you can easily propose your own person months there in the work packages and then they will see that you want to be a body or in touch with them anyway , probably . so a just let 's let 's make that clear in the proposal , and italian is not one of the big languages of sao , but it 's still one of the official languages , so it it 's totally acceptable to to have that in . and since we have the italian partner and the best eh asr system for italian in , it 's , it would be a pity not to use it i would say . so eh so it 's up to you to to put 3 or 6 person months there it 's i just see that it 's not too much effort needed , which is good , at the same time , it 's it 's good to put that effort in so the justification is something that can , like be easily ( awarded ) , it it 's that 's perfect . eh , okay eh thank you . so we probably do not need any specific need from from sao on this , but still , maybe ask around and or mention , that in the project , there is this partner , who has the best italian recognition in the world , so that there is the chance to to use it . milo\u0161 , right ? ( milo\u0161 ) : ehm i guess i can ask around , but i 'll probably get the official reply reply again that it would be unfair to prioritize any non primary language over the other . but what to do is probably for you to decide to talk about it in this way anyway . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah , okay . so eh , yeah , i see . so sao , yeah . so simplified well . eh , mention it only when when appropriate and when no eh no one could be offended by the fact that we are interested italian than ( doing ) italian as well . eh , okay . so now the the the next item is the this table on the re-speaker data . so if we can open that , that 's part of the eh , budget , that 's the third sheet on the budget . and this is something where we need to eh like eh . this is for us , this is for our ( sao ) , and estimate , how many person months should we allocate eh in the data collection word package eh and ehh ehh , this is already eh doing eh detailed accounting on how many hours per speaker do we need ehhh for ehh to be able to adapt to to ( ? ? ) the speaker . and in which languages do we plan this eh and so on . so eh , and also eh . so , 1 purpose is to adapt to the speaker and second purpose is to have this person as the re-speaker at 1 of the live events . so eh as you see on online 17 and below , eh there is what i entered for for our sao 's but this is a very raw guess , and i do n't know , rico is is here , but maybe pervoice also knows . how many hours per speaker do we need to be able to adapt to them ? so my understanding is that for each re-speaker or interpreter that we want to reliably recognise , we will ask them to sit a certain number of hours and read aloud some written text . and record this . is that the way this is done ? or is it done differently , the speaker adaptation ? ( dario ) : speaker adaptation is done essentially how you described , usually . the number of hours depends on the asr system . because the ( ability ) to record the 40 hours of speech is - ( moderator ) : that 's a lot of work . ( dario ) : yes , yes . ( moderator ) : i know it 's i know it 's i know it 's a lot of work , so i do n't know how much should we say that we need per speaker . ( dario ) : ehmm , let me say ( whether ) usually , we collect eh fewer data in order to eh maximise both the ehh effort needed and the result . but we really ask , let me say a maximum of a one hour . but i 'll repeat , it depends on the asr ( engine ) . and also obviously eh the more the data the most effect that the adaptation has . so it 's eh always eh . ( moderator ) : so what if we said like 4 hours instead of 40 . 4 hours to adapt to each of the czech speakers , like we would have 3 re-speakers eh eh eh , that that could be like eh some re-speakers and also like the main person giving the plenaries interactory speech eh . and then , for english , eh we , as charles university would have like to get hold of 2 of them and each of them eh this this re-speakers could be , may be asked to do more , maybe up to 5 hours per per re-speaker . and then , for the presence eh of these re-speakers , at the conference , that actually needs to estimate the full duration of the event . so 3 full days of dry run , and 5 for main conference . now i heard , that the main conferences is 4 days , right ? milo\u0161 , is the main conference 4 days ? ( milo\u0161 ) : from the top of my head i do n't know . ( moderator ) : i think it 's i think it 's 4 days . so this is here is a formula that eh it does n't really work eh . here 's a formula that i 'll edit it , can i edit it ? that estimates eh at now like 70 hours that need to be covered and this is obviously no longer like uninterrupted speech . so this eh hours per speaker should be also like the eh total hours , so we need the speaker for . so if there is like some training phase or whatever , that should be included in this , so that 's why when dario said that you ask the person to speak for 1 hour , it 's it would be probably good to put here like 2 hours and if i say four , then i actually expect than i do n't get more than 3 hours of the recording or something like that . eh , so , i would like now ehh everyone . ( dario ) : you just to - because i was being eh about the numbers . the adaptation starts from an already existing acoustic model for the language . so all of the - ( moderator ) : yes . ( dario ) : okay . so it 's mandatory - ( moderator ) : so - ( dario ) : to have a a a czech and the english an acoustic model to ehmmm start with the adaptation . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . so , i assume that the the adaptation model for , ehh , so , well , actually , when the when the recording happens , eh , you need just the person and a proper device to record the voice . but , then to actually make use of these data , you do have to have the model . ( dario ) : yes . ( moderator ) : and i have , i assume , that for english . ( dario ) : i have lost you on ( ? ? ) ( moderator ) : eh ( believing ) , okay ? or what did you say ? ( dario ) : i have lost the your sentence , i have lost eh . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . so , i was just saying , that for the recording , you have only the person and the device , and then , for the usage of this recording for the actual model adaptation , you need to have the the baseline acoustic model and i assume , that for english , this will be given to to or provided eh to the project by karlsruhe or edinburgh , or possibly even pervoice . we we will try to create our own , but we are still starting with this , so i do n't expect that we 'll be able to to have eh like the best perform models ourselves . and for czech , of eh i 'm in touch with the czech radio and they should be able to provide us with eh like a considerable number of hours em . i 'm like getting the numbers right now and put them into proposal a to create the baseline acoustic model . so , there will be more person-months necessary to process this , eh and like clean and train the acoustic model on that , but we should not need any recordings for the baseline acoustic model for czech . hopefully , the data is already out there somewhere . ( dario ) : okay , and eeh most important for the also for the adaptation , is to also have the transcription of these which - ( moderator ) : yes , yes so , that 's what the czech radio also has , an there has there was a a a project here , that also did this transcribing of of eh czech recordings , so there is some transcribe data for czech . ( dario ) : my eh , my final suggest in regarding the adaptation is to be able to collect real eh re-speaking sessions in order to also be able to model not only the voice , but also the way it is . the speech during a real life session . because you know , reading ehmm without the pressure of the event is different than on the event . ( moderator ) : yeah , i see . yeah , so let 's that that 's a very good idea eh i will make sure that we have this like , it it actually fits nicely in the eh in the hours here in this table , so we could have like one more purpose and that would be , eh like recording or adapting eh at at re- re-spoken events , so that could be part of this these conferences already . or it could be a separate thing . i think this is , that in the proposal , that we should write that this will happen at the dry run , but we may want to have like more such respeaking sessions eh as well . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( dario ) : okay . ( moderator ) : yeah - thank you . so for italian and for the other languages: eh , can you please populate this table eh as i said this is for us , eh , so eh the idea is , that we will eh like this this table , the upper parts eh in on this sheet do the add ups so this , the blue one adds the hours eh by the different languages that we want to record , and the red subtable summarises these person-months by a partner . so then , each of you once like , you have indicated , that on that type of language and the type of a speaker , we 'll see how many person months it creates and this number should be accounted for in the in the data work package . ( unknown _ voice ) : okay . ( moderator ) : so we we can obviously process also english speaking a re-speakers like giving short term contracts to them and to and do the recording here in prague eh , so if if eh , for example eh , edinburgh would suggest , that they want to have some english re-speakers like at hand , then just make sure that you , like create this line here and say that it is to be included in our budget , because , like we should be paying those people , but it is for the purposes that edinburgh wants to do something specific . if that would be the case . ( dario ) : eh , but this has to be filled by each partner . ( moderator ) : all the teams , who- . ( dario ) : add the needs for german . ( moderator ) : yes , so all that , this should be filled by all the teams , that want to get , like direct access to data for speaker adaptation , and i would leave this to up to the karlsruhe to decide , how much time do they want to invest into speaker adaptation for german . the the project eh will so , so , eh yeah , it 's it 's it 's like , very uncertain at the moment , but we hope to get hold of eh of the actual interpreters , who will be interpreting at the sa- eurosai congress , and it would be great get these for the adaptations sessions . and these would be speaking german , french , a a as well eh , so eh , maybe our create here like all these , for for each of these languages some charles university-handled re-speakers and hope that we will get these people and record those . but if karlsruhe or your would like to have more data for your particle language of interest , then enter this here eh . well , as i said this is only for us to see how much how many person months do we have to have in in work package 1 on the data . and this is , this is what we 'll add there . so , eh then , these person month here do not make it directly to the eh to the spreadsheet here , to the efforts . they should get to hear only through the overleaf involvement in the data collection task . ( dario ) : okay . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . so , is there there 's one more thing , and that would be the other direct eh the other direct costs . so for the equipment: eh yeah , it 's i do n't know , how to how to go about this , but darrio , you previously said , that you were just fine for for the conference interpreting that you already ran , for the for the insurance company . you are just fine with the audio equipment that was that was there . can we simply trust that the same luck will happen for the eurosai congress , or do we want to be specific , as i initially suggested , that like you would describe what equipment is is needed and sao will then eh include this in their eh call for tenders or ? ( dario ) : ehm let me say , that i've started checking the availability of specific hardware , eh , especially for the re-speakers . because , you know , if we have re-speakers , they have to be , they have to use a specific headsets in order to be sure . but the audio signal is the the better for eh for us . so it 's , i will add some ehm hardware costs for the equipment , because we will have also to set up the local infrastructure for publishing . we will have to get all of the all of the audio from the emm all of the audio from the emm equipment and send send this audio to all of the asr , we have to ehh identify , where the all of the engines will decide , if remotely or locally in during the eurosai and ( ? ? ) conference . and then , also the hardware for the publishing services service . basically for publishing the result . so that would be also some equipment on pervoice side . i will make a rough estimation as soon as possible , obviously . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . ( dario ) : about the cost . ( moderator ) : yeah , so this so the idea where this belongs eh the thanks for ( ? ? ) that this belongs exactly to this sheet tool that detailed other direct sheet in the google sheet , eh so so far you do n't have any line for equipment , because i have n't realised this . and then , just write down , like insert one line here and write down that this is for equipment , and write down that this is the equipment for the re-speaker recordings and this is the other equipment , this is the hardware for the conference or or eh whatever , whatever is is needed . and this should get automatically edit up for each of the partner here eh and also it should get listed by type , like edit up by type . and if there are more types , if you need to create more types than just to create those and i will fix this table so that the ( ? ? ) work again . and the total numbers , the eh subtitles per partner , then get automatically copied to this first sheet so you 'll see how that balances the overall budget . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : some for , for the equipment eh , i think , that we will also need some of those devices for the re-speaker adaptation . so if you could , like estimate how much is like one kit , ehh for recording one person em , so that we can do the recordings with the re-speakers here . and then we will , depending on how much is that , we will probably purchase eh like 2 or or maybe even more for this ( site ) so that we can do the recordings of the re-speakers here . ( dario ) : okay , okay . ( moderator ) : so if you can make like a separate line for one kit , of for for ( re-speaker ) recording and i 'll copy that for ourselves then . ( dario ) : okay . i will eh eh let me say , put the note , that this is the one unity eh cost of eh the equipment . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay eh , thank you . so this should , we will have a next call a without pervoice but with others on thursday , so if you could do this before thursday with some rough numbers , that would probably be good , well the time is running up . it 's we have like 14 days to finish eh the proposal and that 's that 's very little . okay , so the last bit is the missing text parts , and eh here , i think that it 's probably more efficient , if we just say goodbye and everybody will spend the remaining 15 minutes in writing and writing and writing . or do you have any other ideas how to make sure that we create a good proposal ? is there anything ( remain ) to discuss ? ( dario ) : i think it 's eh important , also for the integration part , the other parties needs to integrate because all of the parties will need to integrate , also participate in the drafting the text . putting , just putting ideas i can elaborate on an ideas to improve the integration . and that 's all from my side . ( moderator ) : yeah , so there 's one thing actually that i want to wanted to comment on . thanks , already , you created the tasks in the integration work package , but primal titles only , and it was not clear to me what is the integration with publishing platform , so the publishing platform is for the minutes , that 's like the , eh , or wha- wha- that 's task 6.4 . emm i 'll try to open that here , if i- ( dario ) : task 6.4 eh was the one what was not so clear to me and yo- we already thought about that before and if- ( moderator ) : i see . ( dario ) : the the imple- , the development of the plot- of the publishing platform of the ( moderator ) : ah , yea , i see , okay . ( dario ) : for live meeting yet . ( moderator ) : yeah , so as of now , the tasks i i i like it 's hard for me to locate it , but the task integration still , i should , maybe ( not here ) , where 's the overleaf , overleaf , overleaf , yeah . so , task 6.1 is the integration of asr ( essential ) from multiple partners into the pervoice 's platform , and eh that 's , so everybody is involved in there , which is expect- to be expected . the integration of multi target empty engine should definitely include us and edinburgh , i guess . ( rico ) : yes . ( moderator ) : so , rico , make sure that you are there as well . i 'm talking about this , if you can see my screen then i 'm talking about task 6.2. yeah . and then , we have this automatic minuting , there will be more involvement eh from us and eh from al- from alfaview . ehm , i 'm not sure about so this is record regarding the other e-mail , the the work package leadership . i do n't know how much you want to eh delve into minuting yourself or how much karlsruhe wants to delve into minuting . eh , so depending on that ( dario ) : we can discuss on ( ? ? ) properly on the other ( ? ? ) ( moderator ) : yeah , exactly . yeah , yeah , exactly . so this is this is where your involvement could also eh raise in our ( submitting ) there , and the integration with publishing platform is probably something , which will be mainly pervoice and almost nothing from others . or maybe exclusively pervoice , right ? ( dario ) : yeah , maybe i will eh , i would like to also add that sao of all of the design and testing purposes because that would be something- ( moderator ) : yeah , good one , exactly , yeah , so sao sao and pervoice should be here . at the eurosai congress , this is actually something , which fairly named today , but it should be at all the sao events and these should include eh everyone eh , because everyone will be a eh , like eh at eh like everyone should be available for the eurosai congress , and also for the other for the other events . so , that , the involvements in terms of first months will vary , but eh everybody should eh eh be there . ( rico ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay . so , the deliverables . i think that will probably promise reports only . or systems ? i do n't know , yeah , maybe , maybe rico could comment on there design of deliverables , because that 's what like in the spoken language translation , and maybe we could mimic this layout in , in in the integration work package 2 . ( rico ) : yeah , so what can i say here . em , in ( ? ? ) project , we had similar we had similar ( ? ? ) division that we had to prototype to ( ? ? ) the actual systems . that we eh packed into the deliverables and we had some reports that we wrote . em , the thing we pay attention here is that there is a kind of a ehh ehh ( ? ? ) so not all is the deliverable ones and we had to find a prototype a couple of months before the end of the project to allow the integration of it as well . well , i 'm not a 100 percent sure like eh whether all the prototypes should be deliverables , we just promised to deliver systems that ( ? ? ) be ready for em starting the integration thing , that was mentioned some months , six was mentioned somewhere , eh , but maybe that should n't be a deliverable ( for ) ( ? ? ) the prototypes , so i do n't know all ( ? ? ) and other work . ( moderator ) : that 's a milestone . that 's a milestone . ( rico ) : a milestone , okay . ( moderator ) : yeah . so milestones are , i 've heard that milestones are something , that you just tick off in the system where 's for each deliverable , even if it 's software , there has to be like a cover letter , cover report , is that true ? ( rico ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : i think it is , yea . ( rico ) : so deliverable is a typical pdf , and copied ( ? ? ) ( moderator ) : yeah , exactly . ( rico ) : well , we did a ( few ) prototypes . in fact , those were small reports , to be said well , this is a prototype , just how you install it , this is the number of languages covered here 's what it stands for , ehm . ( moderator ) : ( promo ) . ( rico ) : the prototype , like eh i ( prepared a few amateurs ) ( ? ? ) and stuff like that . so it ended up being ( ? ? ) report . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . let 's eh , so i suggest , that to do the same thing . it 's the question , the hard question is the timing . eh , so , eh , maybe , darrio , if you eh could suggest something for a for your for your work package ? like by when should be what version available , and then we will check it . in the timing of the deliverables should be somewhat in line with the timing of the work packages . and this the work package that we have just talked about is eh spoken english translation and that 's that 's 3 , work package 3 , so recourse tasks all run throughout the whole project . so the organisation is then kind of eh taken over by the individual prototypes and the releases . i would slightly prefer to have some , like progress visible also in the tasks , and that 's what i do for my multilingual mission translation . eh , so this is like the current tentative plan that will first focus on multi-target and then multi-source and then flexible multi-source and whatever . and there g- will be deliverables related to those , and i like the idea of having a few months between the software and the report and the integration , so eh , for the asr , eh , sorry , for the integration work package , work package number 6 , there is also this like compact block of eh , of tasks . all tasks running through all the project duration . and i would like to see this somehow eh , somehow graded . eh , so the for for example the minuting integration is definitely something that can start only like in the middle of the project . so i'll- ( unknown _ voice ) : yeah , yeah . ( moderator ) : so , will just either dario or myself will just review that . the more you do , dario , the better , because the more reliable the estimates are . i would just make something up , but if you do it . yeah . ( dario ) : just to speed up , so the text the ( let me say ) development of the the right ( ? ? ) . is it okay if i write it in a doc , a word document ? ( moderator ) : yes , yes . ( dario ) : it 's much faster for me to wor- . ( moderator ) : yes , totally okay . totally okay , i prefer google doc , if you do n't mind , so , well i do n't have microsoft word at all , so if you send me a word doc , i will upload it to google doc anyway to just open it , actually , eh . ( dario ) : okay . ( moderator ) : so , if you start a google doc , separate one then i 'll , i 'm happy to do the merging of the text into the overleaf . ( dario ) : okay , that 's fine . google doc is fine for me . ( moderator ) : yeah . okay , so i think that 's that 's it for now , let 's indeed eh close the call , unless there 's any other questions ? ( dario ) : no more questions from my side . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay . so thanks very much everybody for joining today and eh , rico , we 'll talk again on thursday , and otherwise we keep exchanging e-mails and , hopefully , the text will like get created quickly , yeah . thanks . thanks . ( darrio ) : bye . ( moderator ) : yeah , thank you , bye bye . ( rico ) : bye bye . ( unknown _ voice ) : goodbye . ( moderator ) : ( ? another language ? ) tak , milo\u0161i ? ( milo\u0161 ) : no , jasn\u011b ? ( moderator ) : jo , jo , te\u010fka schv\u00e1ln\u011b , jestli to m\u016f\u017ee\u0161 jako n\u011bjak uzav\u0159\u00edt , ulo\u017eit a pak mi poslat . ( ? another language ? )", "tgt": "ond\u0159ej , milo\u0161 : ond\u0159ej asked if there are news about sao status . milo\u0161 do n't have any answer yet . ond\u0159ej , dario: ond\u0159ej and dario clarify situation about money from elitr . dario assure that they really do n't want any money . ond\u0159ej notice that in this case they will modify the budget but at the same time will be allocated person month . sao should allocate those in the overleaf . alfaview does n't want to have speech to speech translation and they do n't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the remote conference calls . sao do n't have experience with shipping voice to individual cell phones and have to identify the final platform for the delivery of the translation . for the remote meetings will be used the alfaview platform and then the subtitles are delivered through pervoice into the alfaview platform . talk about other direct costs . ond\u0159ej show how to include these to table . ond\u0159ej , dario , milo\u0161 : ond\u0159ej would like to clarify the task and deliverables related to the eurosai congress . they agreed on 1 dry run , one main eurosai congress and then 2 follow-up experiments . pervoice would like to work on italian . ond\u0159ej accept it and need to know more details . dario inform about pervoice activity in the asr field - provide asr for 30 language . person month for asr model vary from 3 to 6 month . in test at the italian parliament they reach the accuracy up to 98 percent . ond\u0159ej talk about re-speaker data , explain the table . currently there are raw guess . for usage of recording is needed the baseline acoustic model . dario notice that the hours depend on the asr system and most important for the adaptation is to have the transcription . dario recommend to collect real re-speaking sessions to model not only the voice , but also the way it is . ond\u0159ej , rico: discuss deliverables ."}
{"src": "( moderator ) : i hope that everybody 's fine with recording this meeting , eh , yes . yes . ( moderator ) : ok eh , thank you eh . ( moderator ) : and i see , that it is indeed being recording so eh being recorded , so , eh , that 's good . ( moderator ) : eh , yeah , so . ( moderator ) : i 'll try to share my screen , because i was given the presentation options , so probably you see my screen now ? i'll ( milo\u0161 ) : yes , we do . ( milo\u0161 ) : at least i do . ( moderator ) : okay , and , yeah and there is this , eh , i 'll minimize this , so there is a small agenda for eh the call today . ( moderator ) : unfortunately , there is no overlap between eh alphaview and pervoice eh in this week , so i 'll ( try to do ) the poll for the next week as well eh and hopefully , we will find something eh there . ( moderator ) : if no , then we 'll , i 'll just transfer whatever is whatever is needed . ( moderator ) : umm , yeah . ( moderator ) : okay , so eh for today , we have this eh small call and the news is , eh , are there any news from sao about the status ? ( moderator ) : because you have the official contact points and eh i 'm not sure whether you have received any response from them whatsoever . ( milo\u0161 ) : i am not sure either but i hope , that there will be a resistent answer soon . i was tasked to prepare the exact questions we are asking so i hope that 's on track , but ( darrio ) : i 'm not sure . ( moderator ) : yeah , so that it 's already like two weeks since you have contacted them , at least . ( moderator ) : so hopefully they will be able to respond in some reasonable time . ( moderator ) : eh , the second question is: can we go on and , like split the budget , that we previously allocated for sao , among other parties ? ( moderator ) : this is the ( our ) internal sao decision , and i know , that you are like not the `` this is a very decisive person '' , but still , do you think do ( sense ) , that within sao , the idea is , that you do n't want to get any money from this project , eh ? ( moderator ) : is that correct ? ( darrio ) : yes , that 's actually correct , we do n't want any money . ( darrio ) : i , that that could be considered official already , mm . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay , so we will we will proceed and will modify the budget without you . ( moderator ) : but at the same time we will allocate person months to you . ( moderator ) : or like you should allocate those in the overleaf and i will somehow make it clear in the tables , that the person months that are by sao will not be paid for from the budget , but you will be assumed to have your own funding for those person months . ( moderator ) : ehm , so i do n't know , how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards , but just promise some sensible number of person months , that you could indeed claim , that you have worked on project , and definitely , it should tasks you want to do within the scope eh , of the project , so just like ( broadcasters ) further within sao . ( moderator ) : thank you . ( moderator ) : so then the , eh the speech to speech translation is something that eh alphaview does n't want to have in the eh , like they do n't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the , eh remote conference calls . ( moderator ) : i do n't think that this is a big problem . ( moderator ) : i think that we 'll just make sure that in the project , there is no promise on this , and eh eh with per-voice , this makes the situation easier , because you would only eh make sure that the platform ( ? ? ) produces subtitles and sends them to to alphaview . ( moderator ) : for the real use case , like not remote , eh but but eh , the physical world use case , eh we are still probably undecided how are we going to ship the translations to the participants , but my baseline eh idea is some web page that gets updated , so that would be again speech to text translation , and eh eh , i do n't know em , darrio , whether you have experience with shipping voice to individual cell phones or , how should we approach this for the for the conference or the workshops at eh at sao events . ( darrio ) : no , we do n't have experience . ( darrio ) : we always provided subtitles , basically . ( moderator ) : yes . ( darrio ) : we have to identify eh , in fact , how the the final platform for the delivery of the of the translation , i think , but the ehmm , text to speech does n't add so much information to the text , in fact , and probably - ( moderator ) : that actually - ( darrio ) : please . ( moderator ) : yeah , eh , i just wanted to confirm that i also think that it actually makes the information harder to digest eh . ( darrio ) : yes , because it 's ehh it does n't provide any ( prozaic ) information , so that 's the ( darrio ) : the text to speech does n't provide any information more than that . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay , yeah , thank you . ( moderator ) : so , we will ( board ) in the project as you specified or you , within the integration work package should , like make sure the description is clear , and sao should be aware of this , like for their workshops . ( moderator ) : that sao should somehow make sure that participants have some devices at hand , that can display the subtitles in in some form . ( moderator ) : because each of the- the idea is , that each of the participants will be seeing the translations in his own language . ( moderator ) : eh , so the eh pervoice eh eh integration should eh translate from the single speech signal that comes in to a into the many target languages , and ship those subtitles to the different eh users at eh the workshop . ( darrio ) : yes , that 's correct . ( darrio ) : just a question , because maybe it was not clear to me . ( darrio ) : eh the ehmm application to provide the subtitle would be alphaview application , correct ? ( moderator ) : that 's for the remote meetings , but i do n't think that this is the case for the live meetings eh the sao the eurosai congress , so there is the plenary session of the eurosai congress and then , there is the individual meetings , like the workshops . ( moderator ) : and eh , in the plenary session , there is the single speech given by the speaker , and then possibly some some questions , and we 'll try to connect to the ( interpretors ) eh and eh and eh transcribe their voices , and or directly the main one eh and then eh , this will be shipping the subtitles to somewhere . ( moderator ) : eh , and this somewhere , eh in a very baseline solution , can be just the web page with , like autorefresh eh and ( unknown _ voice ) : yeah ( ? ? ) . ( moderator ) : and , yea . ( darrio ) : sorry , it was n't clear to me , so i will also ( ? ? ) asking the integration work package for the let me say presentation application development . ( moderator ) : yes , yes for live meetings ? yes , yes . ( moderator ) : so , the idea is that that you , in this project , you are the integrator for all the technologies , and you are also the final eh application provider for their live use case . ( moderator ) : because alphaview will not be involved in the the live meetings eh . ( moderator ) : and i think , that the alphaview should be in , like present at the at the conference at the the eurosai congress for dissemination purposes , because there will be also the eh meetings eh done remotely among the sao delivery sai institute . ( moderator ) : and for the remote meetings , they will use the alphaview platform , and then the subtitles are delivered through pervoice into the alphaview platform . okay , that 's that 's fine . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . ( moderator ) : so this was this was this was also for milo\u0161 , just to make to make that eh , to like , known in within sao that ehm . ( moderator ) : and maybe , sao should contribute to that integration task some person-month on like , agreeing on the interface . ( milo\u0161 ) : you mean for the eurosai congress ? ( moderator ) : yes , and for the workshop , for the live events . ( milo\u0161 ) : yeah , that 's , for me , it 's a part of the congress . ( milo\u0161 ) : yea , of course , this has to be . ( moderator ) : hm , hm , hm . ( moderator ) : yea , so simply , darrio will create a task in the work package 7 in the integration , and this task should have some like many more person month by pervoice , because they need to develop this . ( moderator ) : but also , there should be some small amounts of person month by sao to , like make sure that sao is aware of what the platform needs and and how to , like make sure that the participants can use it . ( unknown _ speaker ) : ( darrio ) : yes , okay . ( moderator ) : yea . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : thank you , so now let 's move to the next eh , item in the agenda , and there 's the task and the task and ( deliverables ) related to the eurosai congress , and other sao events , and this is something , that would like to just clarify how i see it , and make sure that you you see it similarly . ( moderator ) : eh , so there will be the main eurosai congress eh , in the middle of the project , and then , before that , there could be some dry runs workshops , or there will be some , we will make sure that there are some . ( moderator ) : and after that , there will be also other events again , this workshop style eh events mainly . ( moderator ) : so when i say workshop style , i mean: it 's a live meeting of up to twenty people , and each of them strives to speak english , but they are non-native speakers and there is the subtitling running , and that subtitling translates this non-native english into all the participants languages , so that they can eh follow the discussion with , like more input and better confidence . ( moderator ) : i hope that everybody sees it the same way ? ( moderator ) : so , sao should make sure that there is that there is enough events happening and that we know about them , and that we like , connect to them . ( moderator ) : aside of the main eurosai congress . ( moderator ) : and pervoice should be ready to . ( moderator ) : well , i do n't know , maybe maybe maybe you should have like . ( moderator ) : you definitely have person month and travel eh plans eh in the budget for the main congress , but maybe you should add some extra for the other events . ( moderator ) : the dry run and also the follow-up ones . ( darrio ) : yes ( the ) we have the non-apriori the number of events , that would be eh manageable . ( darrio ) : i think but at least one event per project ( a ) year should be very important . ( darrio ) : also , for the view for the- ( moderator ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : review meetings . ( moderator ) : yeah , exactly . ( moderator ) : so , i think , that in the first year , we should have at least one dry-run workshop , eh which is like actually a complete test , but it 's still before the main eurosai congress . ( moderator ) : in the second year , there definitely should be the main congress , and then eh maybe one more in the same second year , or eh like two in the third year . ( moderator ) : so i would eh ask eh sao , if it seems reasonable to have one dry-run , one main congress and then two follow up workshops . ( moderator ) : could you check , if this is eh if this is feasible , or if we have to go for just one dry run main conference and then one follow-up ? ( milo\u0161 ) : well , it is , i believe it s not decided yet eh . ( milo\u0161 ) : we have only a vague idea that , of course , something will be happening the year after the congress , but what and how many is not decided yet . ( milo\u0161 ) : but also , you reminded me an important thing: i need to also ask about the way the follow up thing will work . ( milo\u0161 ) : because there is the clear distinction now between your plenary and the workshops . ( milo\u0161 ) : and from yo your your speech , i get the idea , that you are interested mainly in the workshop-type thing . ( moderator ) : yes , that 's because it 's eh like ehh it 's more in line with the speech research partners want to focus on , that 's non-native speech . ( moderator ) : and , it like reduces the the further burden of the source languages , so eh it 's maybe the more important setting . ( moderator ) : the congress with the plenary sessions is something too to show off , but the eh the workshops are eh , like more practical , i would say . ( moderator ) : so , that 's the that 's why i kind of promote them now . ( moderator ) : a bit more . ( milo\u0161 ) : yes , it makes sense , but i need to ask . ( milo\u0161 ) : i have no idea what ( forum ) the other events will be in . ( moderator ) : yeah , i 've understood that from what i 've heard from your colleagues , i 've understood , that it 's mainly these workshop-style sessions that the congress is with plenary sessions is is something eh , not that frequent . ( moderator ) : so , i think that ehh , darrio , for now , i think , we 're quite on the safe side to say that will have one dry run , one main and then two follow-up experiments . ( moderator ) : so if you can plan four events in total , one of them being the the longer one , that that will probably be easy to to accomplish . ( darrio ) : i ( was about ) to answer the anchor point you put into the google doc . ( darrio ) : i would n't create i would n't like not to create separate task , but to have a one single task sao events . ( moderator ) : okay . ( darrio ) : ( and ) one believable ( prior ) . ( moderator ) : okay , eh , yea . ( moderator ) : so , eh so the then this task should be planned for the all the three years , like ehh , maybe starting at month 7 , because nothing could happen earlier , but running until the end without any specific dates , right ? ( darrio ) : exactly . ( moderator ) : okay , so let 's make this one task for sao events , and then , in the task description , we will say , that we plan to have the dry run and then the main and then the two follow ups . ( moderator ) : yeah , so that 's clear . ( darrio ) : exactly . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay thank you . ( moderator ) : and then , related thing is the eh the view , like where the events should be mentioned , and i 've put it into that into the agenda here . ( moderator ) : so the the integration work package eh is the one that makes sure that everything runs . ( moderator ) : that actually delivers the software and the tool to that to those events . ( moderator ) : while the work package 7 dissemination helps to promote the project and its results at these events . ( moderator ) : so this is like , collocated activity and the dissemination is something , ehh that ehh should include eh alphaview . ( moderator ) : whereas the eh integration for the events does not need alphaview . ( moderator ) : because the alphaview is not providing eh anything any remote platform eh into these events . ( moderator ) : is that clear ? ( darrio ) : yes . ( moderator ) : yea , okay . ( moderator ) : yeah , so now let 's move on to the next item , which is the the italian . ( moderator ) : so i understand that the pervoice would like italian . ( darrio ) : yes . ( moderator ) : i 'm not sure how the ( word ) extend is like covered in italian . ( moderator ) : well , we do n't have karlsruhe on the call . ( moderator ) : but they already have some italian . ( moderator ) : eh , so , eh i do n't know , how much person-months do we have to devote to italian to , to move it to level where eh where per-voice would like it . ( moderator ) : and at the same time , we need to justify eh this additional resources for italian . ( moderator ) : from like the ( overall ) project 's use case . ( moderator ) : eh , so maybe , darrio if you could say more about like what the level of italian , how much effort is needed there , or eh and then sao will comment on on eh eh , like , the availability of the need of of that , or maybe , we can squeeze some of this need from alphaview , possibly . ( moderator ) : i 'm just guessing . ( moderator ) : so if yea . ( darrio ) : okay , just let me add one thing to this . ( darrio ) : and also per-voice is active in the asr field and provide asr for not only for italian language but but for thirty language , currently . ( darrio ) : so italian - ( darrio ) : so italian , obviously , being our mother tongue language , is that the one where we perform better . ( darrio ) : and we already specialize the italian asr the for many many eh , domains , so called domains . ( darrio ) : currently one of our customer is the constitutional ( court ) ( ? ? ) and depending on the availability of the data , the person-months required the for training and dedicated the italian model , for the italian asr model eh let me say , can vary from eh three to six month person months for maximum . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : so , it 's not a huge task and we can we have perform the eh tests also on the on a at the italian parliament . ( darrio ) : we have been competing for the italian parliament , and we reach the accuracy up to ninety eight percent of accuracy . ( darrio ) : that , emm ( moderator ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : it is considered the most accurate italian speech recognition system , so it's ( moderator ) : okay , yeah . ( moderator ) : that 's , that 's very good and i think , that the that needs to be like advertised for in the project proposal as well , and that extends your role from being just the integrator to also working directly on the asr work package , right ? ( darrio ) : yes . ( moderator ) : yeah , so please make sure that your person months are already are also included in asr work package and in the description , the asr work package is not yet ( populated ) very much . ( moderator ) : so karlsruhe role is even a little slower than we are with the writing . ( moderator ) : so this like very good , you can easily propose your own person months there in the work packages and then they will see that you want to be a body or in touch with them anyway , probably . ( moderator ) : so a just let 's let 's make that clear in the proposal , and italian is not one of the big languages of sao , but it 's still one of the official languages , so it it 's totally acceptable to to have that in . ( moderator ) : and since we have the italian partner and the best eh asr system for italian in , it 's , it would be a pity not to use it i would say . ( moderator ) : so eh so it 's up to you to to put three or six person months there it 's i just see that it 's not too much effort needed , which is good , at the same time , it 's it 's good to put that effort in so the justification is something that can , like be easily ( awarded ) , it it 's that 's perfect . ( moderator ) : eh , okay eh thank you . ( moderator ) : so we probably do not need any specific need from from sao on this , but still , maybe ask around and or mention , that in the project , there is this partner , who has the best italian recognition in the world , so that there is the chance to to use it . ( moderator ) : milo\u0161 , right ? ( milo\u0161 ) : ehm i guess i can ask around , but i 'll probably get the official reply reply again that it would be unfair to prioritize any non primary language over the other . ( milo\u0161 ) : but what to do is probably for you to decide to talk about it in this way anyway . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah , okay . ( moderator ) : so eh , yea , i see . ( moderator ) : so sao , yeah . ( moderator ) : so simplified well . ( moderator ) : eh , mention it only when when appropriate and when no eh no one could be offended by the fact that we are interested italian than ( doing ) italian as well . ( moderator ) : eh , okay . ( moderator ) : so now the the the next item is the this table on the ( re-speaker ) data . ( moderator ) : so if we can open that , that 's part of the eh , budget , that 's the third sheet on the budget . ( moderator ) : and this is something where we need to eh like eh . ( moderator ) : this is for us , this is for our ( sao ) , and estimate , how many person months should we allocate eh in the data collection work package eh and ehh ehh , this is already eh doing eh detailed accounting on how many hours per speaker do we need ehhh for ehh to be able to adapt to to ( ? ? ) the speaker . ( moderator ) : and in which languages do we plan this eh and so on . ( moderator ) : so eh , and also eh . ( moderator ) : so , one purpose is to adapt to the speaker and second purpose is to have this person as the re-speaker at one of the live events . ( moderator ) : so eh as you see on online 17 and below , eh there is what i entered for for our sao 's but this is a very raw guess , and i do n't know , rico is is here , but maybe per-voice also knows . ( moderator ) : how many hours per speaker do we need to be able to adapt to them ? ( moderator ) : so my understanding is that for each re-speaker or interpreter that we want to reliably recognise , we will ask them to sit a certain number of hours and read aloud some written text . ( moderator ) : and record this . ( moderator ) : is that the way this is done ? ( moderator ) : or is it done differently , the speaker adaptation ? speaker adaptation is done essentially how you described , usually . 23:29 the number of hours depends on the asr system . because the ( ability ) to record the forty hours of speech is ( moderator ) : that 's a lot of work . yes , yes . ( moderator ) : i know it 's i know it 's i know it 's a lot of work , so i do n't know how much should we say that we need per speaker . ehmm , let me say ( whether ) usually , we collect eh fewer data in order to eh maximise both the ehh effort needed and the result . but we really ( ask ) , let me say a maximum of a one hour . but i 'll repeat , it depends on the asr ( engine ) . and also ( obviously ) eh the more the data the ( most ) effect that the adaptation has . so it 's eh always eh . ( moderator ) : so what if we said like for hours instead of forty . ( moderator ) : four hours to adapt to each of the czech speakers , like we would have three re-speakers eh eh eh , that that could be like eh some re-speakers and also like the main person giving the plenaries ( interactory ) speech eh . ( moderator ) : and then , for english , eh we , as charles university would have like to get hold of two of them and each of them eh this this re-speakers could be , may be asked to do more , maybe up to five hours per per re-speaker . ( moderator ) : and then , for the presence eh of these re-speakers , at the conference , that actually needs to estimate the full duration of the event . ( moderator ) : so three full days of dry run , and five for main conference . ( moderator ) : now i heard , that the main conferences is four days , right ? ( moderator ) : milo\u0161 , is the main conference four days ? ( milo\u0161 ) : from the top of my head i do n't know . ( moderator ) : i think it 's i think it 's four days . ( moderator ) : so this is here is a formula that eh it does n't really work eh . ( moderator ) : here 's a formula that i 'll edit it , can i edit it ? ( moderator ) : that estimates eh at now like seventy hours that need to be covered and this is obviously no longer like uninterrupted speech . ( moderator ) : so this eh hours per speaker should be also like the eh total hours , so we need the speaker for . ( moderator ) : so if there is like some training phase or whatever , that should be included in this , so that 's why when darrio said that you ask the person to speak for one hour , it 's it would be probably good to put here like two hours and if i say four , then i actually expect than i do n't get more than three hours of the recording or something like that . ( moderator ) : eh , so , i would like now ehh ( everyone ) . ( darrio ) : you just to ( darrio ) : because i was being eh about the numbers . ( darrio ) : the adaptation starts from an already existing acoustic model for the language . ( darrio ) : so all of the - ( moderator ) : yes . ( darrio ) : okay . ( darrio ) : so it 's mandatory - ( moderator ) : so - ( darrio ) : to have a a a czech and the english an acoustic model to ehmmm start with the adaptation . ( moderator ) : yeah , yea . ( moderator ) : so , i assume that the the adaptation model for , ehh , so , well , actually , when the when the recording happens , eh , you need just the person and a proper device to record the voice . ( moderator ) : but , then to actually make use of these data , you do have to have the model . ( darrio ) : yes . ( moderator ) : and i have , i assume , that for english . ( darrio ) : i have lost you on ( ? ? ) ( darrio ) : eh ( believing ) , okay ? ( moderator ) : or what did you say ? ( darrio ) : i have lost the your sentence , i have lost eh . ( moderator ) : yeah , yea . ( moderator ) : so , i was just saying , that for the recording , you have only the person and the device , and then , for the usage of this recording for the actual model adaptation , you need to have the the baseline acoustic model and i assume , that for english , this will be given to to or provided eh to the project by karlsruhe or edinburgh , or possibly ( even ) per-voice . we we will try to create our own , but we are still starting with this , so i do n't expect that we 'll be able to to have eh like the best perform models ourselves . ( moderator ) : and for czech , of eh i 'm in touch with the czech radio and they should be able to provide us with eh like a considerable number of hours em . ( moderator ) : i 'm like getting the numbers right now and put them into proposal a to create the baseline acoustic model . ( moderator ) : so , there will be more person-months necessary to process this , eh and like clean and train the acoustic model on that , but we should not need any recordings for the baseline acoustic model for czech . ( moderator ) : hopefully , the data is already out there somewhere . ( darrio ) : okay and eeh most important for the also for the adaptation , is to also have the transcription of these which - ( moderator ) : yes , yes so , that 's what the czech radio also has , an there has there was a a a project here , that also did this transcribing of of eh czech recordings , so there is some transcribe data for czech . ( darrio ) : my eh , my final suggest in regarding the adaptation is to be able to collect real eh re-speaking sessions in order to also be able to model not only the voice , but also the way it is . ( darrio ) : the speech during a real life session . ( darrio ) : because you know , reading ehmm without the pressure of the event is different than on the event . ( moderator ) : yeah , i see . ( moderator ) : yeah , so let 's that that 's a very good idea eh i will make sure that we have this like , it it actually fits nicely in the eh in the hours here in this table , so we could have like one more purpose and that would be , eh like recording or adapting eh at at re- re-spoken events , so that could be part of this these conferences already . ( moderator ) : or it could be a separate thing . ( moderator ) : i think this is , that in the proposal , that we should write that this will happen at the dry-run , but we may want to have like more such re-speaking sessions eh as well . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : yeah - thank you . ( moderator ) : so for italian and for the other languages: eh , can you please populate this table eh as i said this is for us , eh , so eh the idea is , that we will eh like this this table , the upper parts eh in on this sheet do the add ups so this , the blue one adds the hours eh by the different languages that we want to record , and the red sub-table summarises these person-months by a partner . ( moderator ) : so then , each of you once like , you have indicated , that on that type of language and the type of a speaker , we 'll see how many person months it creates and this number should be accounted for in the in the data work package . ( unknown _ voice ) : okay . ( moderator ) : so we we can obviously process also english speaking a re-speakers like giving short term contracts to them and to and do the recording here in prague eh , so if if eh , for example eh , edinburgh would suggest , that they want to have some english re-speakers like at hand , then just make sure that you , like create this line here and say that it is to be included in our budget , because , like we should be paying those people , but it is for the purposes that edinburgh wants to do something specific . ( moderator ) : if that would be the case . ( darrio ) : eh , but this has to be filled by each partner . ( moderator ) : all the teams , who- . add the needs for german . ( moderator ) : yes , so all that , this should be filled by all the teams , that want to get , like direct access to data for speaker adaptation , and i would leave this to up to the karlsruhe to decide , how much time do they want to invest into speaker adaptation for german . ( moderator ) : the the project eh will so , so , eh yeah , it 's it 's it 's like , very uncertain at the moment , but we hope to get hold of eh of the actual interpreters , who will be interpreting at the sa- eurosai congress , and it would be great get these for the adaptations sessions . ( moderator ) : and these would be speaking german , french , a a as well eh , so eh , maybe our create here like all these , for for each of these languages some charles university-handled re-speakers and hope that we will get these people and record those . ( moderator ) : but if karlsruhe or your would like to have more data for your particle language of interest , then enter this here eh . ( moderator ) : well , as i said this is only for us to see how much how many person months do we have to have in in work package 1 on the data . ( moderator ) : and this is , this is what we 'll add there . ( moderator ) : so , eh then , these person month here do not make it directly to the eh to the spreadsheet here , to the efforts . ( moderator ) : they should get to hear only through the overleaf involvement in ( the ) data collection task . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : yea , yea . ( moderator ) : so , is there there 's one more thing , and that would be the other direct eh the other direct costs . ( moderator ) : so for the equipment: eh yeah , it 's i do n't know , how to how to go about this , but darrio , you previously said , that you were just fine for for the conference interpreting that you already ran , for the for the insurance company . ( moderator ) : you are just fine with the audio equipment that was there . ( moderator ) : can we simply trust that the same luck will happen for the eurosai congress , or do we want to be specific , as i initially suggested , that like you would describe what equipment is is needed and sao will then eh include this in their eh call for ( tenders ) or ? ( darrio ) : ehm let me say , that i've started checking the availability of specific hardware , eh , especially for the re-speakers . ( darrio ) : because , you know , if we have re-speakers , they have to be , they have to use a specific headset in order to be sure . ( darrio ) : but the audio signal is the the better for eh for us . ( darrio ) : so it 's , i will add some ehm hardware costs for the equipment , because we will have also to set up the local infrastructure for publishing . ( darrio ) : we will have to get all of the all of the audio from the emm all of the audio from the emm equipment and send this audio to all of the asr , we have to ehh identify , whether one of the engines will decide , if remotely or locally in during the eurosai and ( ? ? ) conference . ( darrio ) : and then , also the hardware for the publishing services service . ( darrio ) : basically for publishing the result . ( darrio ) : so that would be also some equipment on per-voice side . ( darrio ) : i will make a rough estimation as soon as possible , obviously . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . ( darrio ) : about the cost . ( moderator ) : yeah , so this so the idea where this belongs eh the thanks for ( ? ? ) that this belongs exactly to this sheet tool that detailed other direct sheet in the google sheet , eh so so far you do n't have any line for equipment , because i have n't realised this . ( moderator ) : and then , just write down , like insert one line here and write down that this is for equipment , and write down that this is the equipment for the re-speaker recordings and this is the other equipment , this is the hardware for the conference or or eh whatever , whatever is is needed . ( moderator ) : and this should get automatically edit up for each of the partner here eh and also it should get listed by type , like edit up by type . ( moderator ) : and if there are more types , if you need to create more types than just to create those and i will fix this table so that the ( ? ? ) work ( again ) . ( moderator ) : and the total numbers , the eh subtitles per partner , then get automatically copied to this first sheet so you 'll see how that balances the overall budget . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : some for , for the equipment eh , i think , that we will also need some of those devices for the re-speaker adaptation . ( moderator ) : so if you could , like estimate how much is like one kit , ehh for recording one person em , so that we can do the recordings with the re-speakers here . ( moderator ) : and then we will , depending on how much is that , we will probably purchase eh like two or or maybe even more for this ( site ) so that we can do the recordings of the re-speakers here . ( darrio ) : okay , okay . ( moderator ) : so if you can make like a separate line for one kit , of for for ( ? ? ) recording and i 'll copy that for ourselves then . ( darrio ) : okay . ( darrio ) : i will eh eh let me say , put the note , that this is the one unity eh cost of eh the equipment . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay eh , thank you . ( moderator ) : so this should , we will have a next call a without per-voice but with others on thursday , so if you could do this before thursday with some rough numbers , that would probably be good , well the time is running up . ( moderator ) : it 's we have like fourteen days to finish eh the proposal and that 's that 's very little . ( moderator ) : okay , so the last bit is the missing text parts , and eh here , i think that it 's probably more efficient , if we just say goodbye and everybody will spend the remaining fifteen minutes in writing and writing and writing . ( moderator ) : or do you have any other ideas how to make sure that we - create a good proposal ? ( moderator ) : is there anything ( remain ) to discuss ? ( darrio ) : i think it 's eh important , also for the integration part , the other parties needs to integrate because all of the parties will need to integrate , also participate in the drafting the text . putting , just putting ideas i can elaborate on an ideas to improve the integration . but so from my side . ( moderator ) : yeah , so there 's one thing actually that i want to wanted to comment on . ( moderator ) : thanks , already , you created the tasks in the integration work package , but primal titles only , and it was not clear to me what is the integration with publishing platform , so the publishing platform is for the minutes , that 's like the , eh , or wha- wha- that 's task 6.4 . ( moderator ) : emm i 'll try to open that here , if i- ( darrio ) : task 6.4 eh was the one what was not so clear to me and yo- we already thought about that before and if- ( moderator ) : i see . the the imple- , the development of the plot- of the publishing platform of the ( moderator ) : ah , yea , i see , okay . for live meeting yet . ( moderator ) : yeah , so as of now , the tasks i i i like it 's hard for me to locate it , but the task integration still , i should , maybe ( not here ) , where 's the overleaf , overleaf , overleaf , yeah . ( moderator ) : so , task 6.1 is the integration of asr ( essential ) from multiple partners into the per-voice 's platform , and eh that 's , so everybody is involved in there , which is expect- to be expected . ( moderator ) : the integration of multi target empty engine should definitely include us and edinburgh , i guess . ( rico ) : yes . ( moderator ) : so , rico , make sure that you are there as well . ( moderator ) : i 'm talking about this , if you can see my screen then i 'm talking about task 6.2 . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : and then , we have this automatic minuting , there will be more involvement eh from us and eh from al- from alphaview . ( moderator ) : ehm , i 'm not sure about so this is record regarding the other e-mail , the the work package leadership . ( moderator ) : i do n't know how much you want to eh delve into minuting yourself or how much ( causes ) you want to delve into minuting . ( moderator ) : eh , so depending on that ( darrio ) : we can discuss on ( ? ? ) properly on the other ( ? ? ) ( moderator ) : yeah , exactly . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah , exactly . ( moderator ) : so this is this is where your involvement could also eh raise in our ( submitting ) there , and the integration with publishing platform is probably something , which will be mainly per voice and almost nothing from others . ( moderator ) : or maybe exclusively per-voice , right ? ( darrio ) : yeah , maybe i will eh , i would like to also add that sao of all of the design and testing purposes because that would be something- ( moderator ) : yeah , good one , exactly , yeah , so sao sao and per-voice should be here . ( moderator ) : at the eurosai congress , this is actually something , which was fairly named today , but it should be at all the sao events and these should include eh everyone eh , because everyone will be a eh , like eh at eh like everyone should be available for the eurosai congress , and also for the other for the other events . ( moderator ) : so , that , the involvements in terms of first months will vary , but eh everybody should eh eh be there . ( rico ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay . ( moderator ) : so , the deliverables . ( moderator ) : i think that will probably promise reports only . ( moderator ) : or systems ? ( moderator ) : i do n't know , yeah , maybe , maybe ( rico ) could comment on there design of deliverables , because that 's what like in the spoken language translation , and maybe we could mimic this layout in , in in the integration work package 2 . ( rico ) : yeah , so what can i say here . ( rico ) : em , in ( ? ? ) project , we had similar we had similar ( ? ? ) division that we had to prototype to ( ? ? ) the actual systems . ( rico ) : that we eh packed into the deliverables and we had some reports that we wrote . ( rico ) : em , the thing we pay attention here is that there is a kind of a ehh ehh ( ? ? ) so not all is the deliverable ones and we had to find a prototype a couple of months before the end of the project to allow the integration of it as well . ( rico ) : well , i 'm not a hundred percent sure like eh whether all the prototypes should be deliverables , we just promised to deliver systems that ( ? ? ) be ready for em starting the integration thing , that was mentioned some months , six was mentioned somewhere , eh , but maybe that should n't be a deliverable ( for ) ( ? ? ) the prototypes , so i do n't know all ( ? ? ) and other work . ( moderator ) : that 's a milestone . ( moderator ) : that 's a milestone . ( rico ) : a milestone , okay . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : so milestones are , i 've heard that milestones are something , that you just tick off in the system where 's for each deliverable , even if it 's software , there has to be like a cover letter , cover report , is that true ? ( rico ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : i think it is , yea . ( rico ) : so deliverable is a ( typical ) pdf , and copied ( ? ? ) ( moderator ) : yea , exactly . ( rico ) : well , we did a ( few ) prototypes . ( rico ) : in fact , those were small reports , to be said well , this is a prototype , just how you install it , this is the number of languages covered here 's what it stands for , ehm . ( moderator ) : ( promo ) . ( rico ) : the prototype , like eh i ( prepared a few amateurs ) ( ? ? ) and stuff like that . ( rico ) : so it ended up being ( ? ? ) report . ( moderator ) : yeah , yeah . ( moderator ) : let 's eh , so i suggest , that to do the same thing . ( moderator ) : is the question , the hard question is the timing . ( moderator ) : eh , so , eh , maybe , darrio , if you eh could suggest something for a for your for your work package ? ( moderator ) : like by when should be what version available , and then we will check it . ( moderator ) : in the timing of the deliverables should be somewhat in line with the timing of the work packages . ( moderator ) : and this the work package that we have just talked about is eh spoken english translation and that 's that 's 3 , work package 3 , so recourse tasks all run throughout the whole project . ( moderator ) : so the organisation is then , kind of eh taken over by the individual prototypes and the releases . ( moderator ) : i would slightly prefer to have some , like progress visible also in the tasks , and that 's what i do for my multilingual mission translation . ( moderator ) : eh , so this is like the current tentative plan that will first focus on multi-target and then multi-source and then flexible multi-source and whatever . ( moderator ) : and there g- will be deliverables related to those , and i like the idea of having a few months between the software and the report and the integration , so eh , for the asr , eh , sorry , for the integration work package , work package number 6 , there is also this like compact block of eh , of tasks . ( moderator ) : all tasks running through all the project duration . ( moderator ) : ; and i would like to see this somehow eh , somehow graded . ( moderator ) : eh , so the for for example the minuting integration is definitely something that can start only like in the middle of the project . ( moderator ) : so i'll- ( unknown _ voice ) : yeah , yea . ( moderator ) : so , will just either darrio or myself will just review that . ( moderator ) : the more you do , darrio , the better , because the more reliable the estimates are . ( moderator ) : i would just make something up , but if you do it . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : just to speed up , so the text the ( let me say ) development of the the right ( ? ? ) . is it okay if i write it in a doc , a word document ? ( moderator ) : yes , yes . ( darrio ) : it 's much faster for me to wor- . ( moderator ) : yes , totally okay . ( moderator ) : totally okay , i prefer google doc , if you do n't mind , so , well i do n't have microsoft word at all , so if you send me a word doc , i will upload it to google doc anyway to just open it , actually , eh . ( darrio ) : okay . ( moderator ) : so , if you start a google doc , separate one then i 'll , i 'm happy to do the merging of the text into the overleaf . ( darrio ) : okay , that 's fine . ( darrio ) : google doc is fine for me . ( moderator ) : yeah . ( moderator ) : okay , so i think that 's that 's it for now , let 's indeed eh close the call , unless there 's any other questions ? ( darrio ) : no more questions from my side . ( moderator ) : yeah , okay . ( moderator ) : so thanks very much everybody for joining today and eh , rico , we 'll talk again on thursday , and otherwise we keep exchanging e-mails and , hopefully , the text will like get created quickly , yeah . ( moderator ) : thanks . ( moderator ) : thanks . ( darrio ) : bye . ( moderator ) : yeah , thank you , bye bye . ( rico ) : bye bye . ( unknown _ voice ) : goodbye . ( moderator ) : ( another _ language ) tak , milo\u0161i ? ( milo\u0161 ) : no , jasn\u011b ? ( moderator ) : jo , jo , te\u010fka schv\u00e1ln\u011b , jestli to m\u016f\u017ee\u0161 n\u011bjak uzav\u0159\u00edt , ulo\u017eit a pak mi poslat . ( / another language )", "tgt": "general organisation of the meeting , showing off agenda of the meeting . discussion about budget options and allocation of person-months in overleaf . how to ensure the smooth run of the subtitling platform among the conference participants , which will be the alphaview application or web page with autorefresh . there will be created a new task in the wp7 in the integration for more person-months by per-voice , because of the development . plans for the upcoming live events and dry-runs ; resulted in the agreement on one dry run , one main and then two follow-up experiments ( 4 events in total ) . making the details of the new task in wp7 clear , including person-months for this task . talking about italian \u2013 if there 's enough funds to have it in the project and if there 's enough person-months for italian . darrio reveals they have the most accurate italian speech recognition system . everyone agree on promoting italian asr , despite fact that italian is not a big language of sao . discussion about another part of the budget estimating how many person months will be allocated in the wp and how many hours per speaker is needed . making clear how will be the speaker adaptation done , discussing details and hours per speaker . moderator explains acoustic models and how much of them will be needed for particular languages . there was once a project that did transcription of czech recordings so there will be enough data for czech language . darrio puts a note about how is the pressure different when person reads aloud alone and when person have to talk on real conference . moderator decides to make spoken event part of conference . moderator explains how does tables in google doc work and how to fill them and that it will show how many person-months will be needed for each language . moderator ensure everyone that if they needed english speaking re-speakers , there are funds to have them . direct costs for the equipment , moderator reffers to darrio 's positive experience with audio equipment at conference for insurance company . asks darrio if he thinks it could run this smooth also at other conferences . darrio thinks that adding some hardware costs to the sheets is unevitable ; there are special needs on hardware for re-speakers . darrio promises to make rough estimation of the costs . moderator explains how to fill in tables for equipment costs . moderator announces that next call will happen on thursday . moderator asks darrio if he could prepare the table system for thursday 's call with rough numbers . moderator asks for any topics that should be discussed before end of the call . darrio points out the importance of integration of all parties . moderator asks darrio to explain details of the tasks in wp darrio created . moderator checks overleaf and task 6.1 , which should involve everyone . if everyone has to be included , moderator reminds rico to make sure he 's in task 6.2 as well . moderator talks about minuting , but darrio thinks they could discuss it on other call . moderator and darrio discuss sao and per-voice on eurosai congress . rico is asked to comment on deliverables and reports in integration wp 2. rico has some experience with reports and deliverables from previous project he worked on . moderator tells rico about milestones for deliverables , asking if it 's true there 's a cover report for each deliverable . rico says he did some small reports in his previous project . moderator asks darrio if he has any suggestion for his wp about the timing of wp and deliverables . moderator adds some further details like what the wp 3 consist of and says he would like to have visible progress in the tasks . moderator talks about wp 6 tasks and points out minuting , which can start in the middle of the project . darrio asks if he can use word document for his work , because he can work more effectively in word . moderator is okay with using word doc . moderator ask if it 's okay to close the call . everyone greet and leave call . moderator stays there with milo\u0161 and talk in czech about saving the call record ."}
{"src": "( d ) so- so we need to summary all the components that we have to deploy for the ( vat wide ) group , which is in the end of june . so , the first is eb client . at this point we still have the- we have the repo with- with sample clients , and- and we need to decide- and it 's still only the sample and it 's not production- so we need to discuss who- who is respons- who will be responsible to maintain it , as fo- f- who to create and maintain the production version , and whether it will be in c or python . ( f ) is there an option for doing it in python ? as far as i knew , there was no , uh , library to connect to the mediator in python . ( d ) yes . ( c ) uh , for us- em , we strongly encourage you to use the provided api , which are in java and in . net , in order to develop your own _ ( d ) aha . ( c ) clients . eb client , as you already explained , is just , uh , an example who explains how to _ ( d ) okay . ( c ) uh , connect and integrate with the service architecture . but we strongly encourage you to use the provided api . and , of course , the python 1 are not yet available . and _ ( d ) yes . ( c ) we have just uploaded an- an example . em , the maintained ones are the java and the . net . ( d ) okay . is there . net ? i- i did n't see . is it in -in the repo ? ( c ) should be , but- but i can check it again . ( d ) yeah , i can see only this one . i 'm always using this one . hmm . yep . python binding example . i tried to build- to start using this , but i would need some more explanation how to build this tool if we need- if we want to _ ( c ) okay . the py- ( d ) continue . ( c ) the python binding is an example of , em , let 's say automatic binding , uhm , using , em , c- c- c python . ho- wha- ( d ) yes . ( c ) ( but ) - uh , an example that , uh , dario has tried to develop in some automatic way , _ ( d ) mm-hmm . ( c ) uh , but it's- it 's not , uh , production api at all . ( d ) yeah . uh , so i _ ( c ) okay . if we have not yet provided the . net api , we will upload them asap . ( d ) okay . yeah , it's- it 's not here . ( c ) mm-hmm . ( d ) so , dot- . net soon . hmm . and any volunteers to maintain any version of production-ready ? version ? felix or- or phil or s- rico ? if not that i would- i personally th- think that the easiest w- will be to- to move the c version from sample to production , and continue in c version , cause this will be , i think , the fastest way to continue on it , and we- we- we need to made it robust and- and- and- continue on this , al- although my- i myself , i 'm not c programmer , so it will take me s- time to learn it , but it seems to be the easiest way for me . ( c ) okay , em , dominik , just _ ( d ) yes ? ( c ) a thing . please use the provided c library and _ ( d ) yes . ( c ) not- thank you . ( d ) yes , the- the library and the sample clients which- which we move from samples to production . we may- we- we update them _ ( c ) o- ( d ) and ma- made it _ ( c ) o- ( d ) m- more robust . ( c ) okay , thank you . ( d ) so , we need 2 text-to-text clients . yeah , so , there are al- already some samples , in the c sample code , so we can use them , this is okay . and the tests . we need some _ ( f ) i- xcuse me , i would like to mention that- ( ? ? ) highlighting c- we would still , for some other tools , be very much interested in having a python interface _ ( d ) yeah . ( f ) if it 's technically possible , because most of our staff works in python and it would be much easier to integrate with our soft . ( d ) yes , yes . and can you integrate c- c library into python ? ( f ) well , it- it can be done in- in a- in a similar way as- uh , as it 's done in the- in the repository with c , python , or cython or whatever , but , uh , i- i do n't know anything about that , so _ ( d ) yeah . ( f ) ( if the ) pervoice can- can help us with that , that would be very helpful . ( d ) mm-hmm . ( c ) well , actually , we- we do n't have , uh , python programmers . uh , it was just a test performed by , uh , dario . and , uh , hm , probably , uh , a python programmer will do a more w- clear and well-working solution . ( d ) yeah . ( f ) ( ? ? ) for our own solution . ( d ) ye- yes . if- if you want python client ( and ) python libraries , then feel free to create it for us and then share it with us , because i myself ( would ) be also happier with python . i 'm stronger with python than i- than- than in c , but it 's small walk to use- to start using python than c , so it 's up to you . so are you going to- to create a python binding , felix ? ( f ) i do n't want to promise anything on that . ( d ) okay , so _ ( f ) i 'll look into it , but i ca- i will not promise anything . i ( ? ? ) ( write that down ) . ( d ) okay , so _ ( f ) it might not work . ( d ) yeah . so we s- stay with python . maybe i c- oh- oh no . i ca n't promise anything too . so , the test to- we need s- some test scripts to test all the pipeline and- and r- r- run it in single command . i already did something , like this . or- so , we have this- this repository cruise control on- it 's a private repository , so- so please , felix and everyone in kit , make sure that you have access here . if not , send us your github accounts and we will add you . it 's not problem . so , later we- we- we will have here one command to install the- the client , and then run- run some test like- like this . and if your worker fails on the test , then you- you can up- update it and fix the bug and test it again . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( literal ) group , but i do n't ( ? ? ) ( d ) s- sorry ? i did n't h- hear you right now . can you repeat ? ( f ) uh , i am in the literal group on github , but i do n't access ( ? ? ) cruise control . ( d ) okay . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( d ) okay , so we will manage this later . so it 's felix , right ? ( a ) okay , if anyone does n't have , uh , access there , please write your name in the google docs and i will add you , okay ? ( d ) yeah . ( c ) okay , thank you . ( d ) yeah , or- oh , it does n't matter . so , so the- and , admin web- today , it's- it 's quite simple . it- it only- it only displays such list of workers . chiara , ar- do you plan to- to update it to made it more advance ? ( c ) well , actually , uh , we have n't plan it , uh , but , of course , we appreciate any feedback . em , hm , ivan told me you were looking for some kind of , em , check fingerprint functionality . ( d ) yes . ( c ) uh , the , uh , web- em , the web , uh , interface has also the search path- ( d ) yes . ( c ) uh , page , which actually , em , we already see , does n't work really well , and we will fix it . ( d ) hm . yeah . ( c ) let me know if it 's what you are looking for , or if you have any other suggestion . we can plan , _ ( d ) hm . ( c ) of course , improvements . ( d ) yeah . ( c ) but i have to say that probably we 'll not be ready for the june session . ( d ) okay , fo- for me it would be okay if you provided us a- a command-line example how to use this search button , so we can write a script to- to run it from command-line to- to use the search . ( c ) uh , a- actually , the admin web is database based , then the reason- the- the- em , the worker subscribes and when they subscribe , a database is written- ( d ) yes . ( c ) em , database record is written- em , then the reason t- uh , at the moment , a command-line solution perform the same functionality . ( d ) yeah . ( c ) em , but , uh , we can plan it to introduce you ( us ) . it- t's- of course . ( d ) okay . and if i want- if i have several workers from- f- for example from , from english- from english audio to czech- czech translation , and i- and the- and the workers are connected- and i hit the search , does it find the- the whole path through several workers , o- or only one worker ? this search . ( c ) the searcher will explain you the- em , the full path . however , you have to , em , write the exact , uh , fingerprint you will use . at the moment , the functionality of , uh , approximation of the fingerprint is disabled in order to _ ( d ) hm . ( c ) have more control over selected path . ( d ) okay . ( c ) then , if you write the exact input and output it will work . ( d ) yeah , okay . so which _ ( c ) at least i hope so . it should work , it 's much , eh , correct . ( d ) which- which machine translation from german is available right now ? or from english- english to the _ okay , so let's- let's- we can go- go through it later . ( c ) okay . ( d ) yeah , so , safe and- . yeah , my suggestion was to- to dis- to have a way to distribute the logs from all workers to everyone , so _ ( c ) yes , uh , this is , of course , a reasonable , uh , request . however , at the moment , the mediator is installed on our server , which are under vpn connection , _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) and it 's not possible . however , uh , we can schedule , em , some kind of coordinated checks . ( d ) hmm . ( c ) we can schedule-check and we will check the logs while you test functionalities , _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) or you can ask us to provide you the log of the last week , for example , and we can keep them _ ( d ) hm . ( c ) manually and send them to you , of course , and to all the- uh , the participants , of course . ( d ) hmm . ( c ) em , but at the moment , hmm , let 's say , ( sale ) servis on log is not available for , em , arc- architectural reason , because it 's under vpn , and we can not provide _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) you access . ( d ) okay , and the logs from workers which run on some other servers ? ( c ) uh , hmm , actually , workers are distributed , then we can not obtain logs of , for example , kit , uh _ ( d ) yes . ( c ) workers . ( c ) such workers has- such logs has to be provided by kit . ( d ) yes , yes , i- i 'm asking kit . ( c ) okay . ( d ) f- fe- ( f ) ( ? ? ) same story for us . the- em , _ ( d ) okay . ( f ) the workers are under some specific firewall rules . ( d ) hmm . ( f ) ( ? ? ) to connect the mediator but not much else . ( d ) okay , so- so it's- it 's not easy , so you 'll probably have to learn to live without it . ( also ) _ ( c ) well , actually , uh , we can schedule , for example , a coordinated test among all the participants in order to check altogether logs and- and also have access to all the logs together . ( c ) for example , kit _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) will have a look at kit 's log , we will have look at pervoice logs and so on . ( d ) yeah , yeah , yeah . my idea was- was that , whi- while the conference is running and i 'm trying to connect a client , then i want to see immediately what 's happening on- on kit's- kit 's asr worker without asking thai-son to- on slack . so this would be ea- much easier , but if _ ( c ) yes . i _ ( d ) if the logs can- can be available after the session , o- once- which ( ? ? ) from the whole week , then- then it 's not u- much useful . ( c ) yes , i - ( ? ) ( ? ? ) i completely understand . ( d ) yeah . ( c ) however , maybe we can ( reason- ) not for june , but maybe for , em , the further years- to plan some kind of logs publication service , let 's say _ ( d ) hm . ( c ) uh , in order to have centralized log application . ( d ) yes . yeah . ( c ) uh , it's- it- it 's not on plan , i have to say , but for testing reason might be useful . of course , this is completely out of _ ( d ) hm . ( c ) distributed system scope . ( d ) yeah . okay . so let _ ( f ) ( or ) i can try and- i do n't know f- if this can- can be arranged , but i can ask whether you can be given server access , so you could _ ( d ) hm . ( f ) look at the logs on our service yourself . ( d ) o- okay , yeah . ( f ) and i can see if that- if that can be arranged . ( d ) yes . yes , this- this could work . can get access to their server to check the logs online . thank you . so let 's move to asr workers for- for the wg vet . so , felix , do your asr worker emit some special tags ? like applause or laughter or s- or something like this ? cause if yes , that we need to- we would need to , uh , use them in- in our segmentation and maybe in mt . this ( would ) be good to know . ( f ) i can not actually tell you that , because i do n't work on the asr workers . i was hoping that- and i thought the thai-son would be good . em . so _ ( d ) yeah . ( f ) em , i ca n't say . ( d ) okay , so let's- let 's move this to thai-son . thai-s- , uh , to do- thai-son okay , and- so for the june event , we need- we need to run 2 se- 2 asr workers , because we will have 2- o- 1 english source and 1 english repeater , which wi- which is a students of interpreting , and he will repeat everything the s- the speaker will say . then german and czech asr . so be ready for it . and we need the segmentation workers- uh , uh , punctuation and segmentation for english , german and czech . and are we going to use sentence-level machine translation or subsentence-level ? so , the subsentence-level , it means that the mt is prepared to s- start in middle of sentence and , for example , translate on windows of for- 40 or 50 last words . ( f ) may- maybe i should clarify what the segmentation workers actually do . ( d ) yes . ( f ) em , the- the existence of the segmentation workers does not mean that it's- that translation is performed on sentence level . the segmentation workers- ( ? ? ) segmentation is not the right word for them- they insert punctuation , _ ( d ) yeah . ( f ) they remove some- some aspects of- of , em- em , of speech . so some of the- it ca n't remove everything- but some repetitions or- or discontinuities , em _ ( d ) aha . ( f ) are removed . but they do transmit partial sentences , and it's- and that was ori- originally what was the problem on the last event , ( of while ) we had the- the additional segmenter . ( d ) hmm . ( f ) em , these do use the- the so-called resending protocol , where , when more words of the sentence are available , the- the partial sentences will be transmitted to the ( mt ) . so , senten- so , translation is done at a- at a subsentence level , ( d ) okay . ( f ) but they know the context throughout , uh , the sentence , so no words from the past sentences , obviously . ( d ) okay , so- so the kit 's mt is done on subsentence level . the- last week i tried to update- or this week- i tried to train our english to czech mt on subsentence level too . so , maybe we'll- later we can talk on technical details: which ( ? ? ) to use , or which window size , and _ ( f ) it- it 's not a matter of- of window size . the- the way we have trained our- our mt is , we- we take the training set and you just , uh , cut off the end of the sentences , because _ ( d ) aha . ( f ) you do n't get parts from the middle of the sentence , you always get the sentence from the beginning to some part in the middle . ( d ) okay- do you ? o- ok- okay . ( f ) that's- that 's how the- that 's how the segmentation works . ( d ) aha . ( f ) it always ( ? ? ) come from- of the sentence- from the start of the sentence to as far as it- as we are right now . ( d ) yes . ( f ) as far as the ( ? ? ) ( always gotten ) . ( d ) yeah . ( r ) what are you doing if- are you doing that on the source and the target ? and where- how do you decide that ( some reordering ) happening ? ( f ) that is a good question . that would be a good question for jan , who has developed the system . unfortunately , he is no longer here , so i can- i can ask ( ? ? ) ( i did n't ) develop that system . um , i imagine there is some alignment model from- from smt ( ? ? ) ( monitor ) that decides where to cut off . and yes , it is done on ( assertion ) target . ( d ) of sentence and missing end okay , so , will we need , will we have all the mt workers subsentence ? if yes , then we wo n't need the buffer workers , which wait until the sentence is ready and then send it to mt , and we can skip this completely . ( p ) so , em , the systems- the mt systems i 've trained so far have all been sentence-level . i- i 'm not _ ( d ) yeah . ( p ) not sure if we 'll be able to train subsentence-level systems in time . ( d ) okay . and- and f- felix , can you run the s- the buffer worker for f- subsentence to sentence-level ? ( f ) i do n't think we can . ( d ) ( tra ) _ ( f ) the- the thing is , the kit has , at the same time as the vat ( members ) happening , has as an important demo . most of our capacities are used there , _ ( d ) okay . ( f ) which means that kit will not be able to run the display website for the event . ( d ) hm . ( f ) um , and we can provide the usual translation workers , em , at least the ones tha- that you wrote there , _ ( d ) hmm . ( f ) but we would prefer to keep as much of the capacities _ ( d ) okay . ( f ) uh , as possible . ( d ) so , we need to somehow th- to hack it some wow- somehow . maybe to filter all the sentences which don't- do n't end , and translate only the sentences which are complete , which end . an- and then s- s- send it to the mt worker . ( f ) i- i believe , incomplete sentences , that are marked as such when they 're sent to the mt workers , so whatev- however you program your mt worker , it can check whether the sentence _ ( d ) yes . ( f ) ( ? ? ) is incomplete and not translated . ( d ) okay . so _ ( ciara ) uh , sorry guys . but it's- em , if it 's just a matter of , em , hmm , power , let 's say , uh , which has to be , em , taken for your important demo . we can also , uh , be available to perform an installation of the punctuation and segmentation worker on our server if you help us to let it run it , and in order to provide it as test worker , uh , on the mediator . ( f ) uh , we can think about that , but it's- it 's also a matter of ( ? ? ) . ( c ) okay , of co- of course , i- i- of course , uh , i perfectly understand that it 's an asset , let 's say- em , but if- which- there 's something we can do in order to help you on th- hm , this thing , we are available , of course . ( f ) uh , thank you . em _ ( c ) ( f ) we are quite busy right now in preparing for this- uh _ ( c ) no . ( f ) for this template . ( c ) okay , okay . ( f ) ( ? ? ) demo at- at kit , so it's- it 's not just a m- a matter of- of process or ( power ) , it 's also a matter of manpower , and _ ( c ) okay , okay . i understand . ( d ) yeah . okay , so , i was- we will definitely need m- an integration of marian e- mt or marian server to pervoice platform , so i suggest to add these functionality to- to the integration , and , for example , to ignore incomplete sentences and do n't translate them and wait for- f- for the sentence-level mt from phil . okay ? does- does anyone agree ? ( ? ) yes . ( r ) we 've also been thinking whether we can have some incremental functionality , em , which returns- whi- which has its own policy ( bout return ) translation by common input . um , what we- one thing i ha- have n't quite figured out is , like when you say you 're submitting this multiple times . uh , are you submitting partial sentences ? is the next thing that is being submitted just the remainder of the sentence , or is the full sentence that i can submit it ? how does- how does the _ ( ? ) ( ? ? ? ) ( r ) ( sequential ) output ( start ) ? ( f ) as far as i understand , the sentence is always transmitted from the start of the sentence , but i 've also linked , uh , the paper that we published , uh , at interspeech , that describes at least part of the process . ( r ) okay . thanks . ( d ) hm . yeah . so , what is this ? low okay . s- hmm . no multisource uh . yeah . we- this is what ondrej 's wr- wrote us . ( where the t- ) we might have some experimental multit- uh , multisource system , but it 's not- not necessary . yeah . ( f ) so , for clarification , multisource means the- the system accepts multiple input streams at the same time ? ( d ) yes . m- mul- , em , input from multiple languages , or f- either from multiple languages , or 2 s- different sources from one language . ( f ) is that supported by the mediator ? ( can ) you do that ? ( d ) uh , i do n't now . ( c ) it 's not yet supported , but we have to plan it , actually , because it's a- a well-known- well-known requirement . ( d ) yeah . yeah , okay . and is it going to be available f- until june , chiara ? ( c ) uh , no , sorry . ( d ) okay , no problem . hmm . not in pv mediator in june . so , we need to- then we need to decide who is going to prepare which mt- which translation . so , thanks phil that he- he indicated the languages . ( p ) yeah , so this would be a single multi-target system , which does translation out of english . em , so i currently have a system that does translation , into all of the eurosai languages , _ ( d ) mm-hmm . um , but that 's probably not optimal , that 's probably trying to do too many languages in one system . ( d ) yes . ( p ) em , or i will train up the system that just covers , uh , the target languages we need for- for this event . ( d ) mm-hmm . yeah . great . and in- an- and felix , in the mediator i already saw some- s- some of your mt systems . it was into italian , spanish , maybe french . ( f ) we have systems into german , english , italian , french , spanish , and portuguese , ( i believe ) . ( d ) yes . so can you write which of the systems do you have ? like here ? you have english to french , right ? or i- was it german to french ? ( f ) em , we ha- i think we have all directions within- wit- within at least 5 languages , we have all directions . em , i do n't know about portuguese . ( d ) yeah . so please , if you have english to french , or english to german , or any of these directions , write it here , and we will know that we do n't need _ and then- yeah . yeah , we need to decide who is going to integrate marian mt into pervoice . s- i- i think this is either us , the charles university , or edinburgh , because we are going to use marian , right ? ( p ) uh , yes , we will be using marian server , em , or maybe a wrapper around marian server . ( d ) yes . ( p ) em , uh , currently , we have no experience of ( rooting ) , em , uh , the workers for , uh , the pervoice platform . like if we had- if we had an example for a different translation system , maybe we could adapt to . ( ? ) well , i would _ ( c ) well , uh , andy , em , should github repo . there are the example . but- please feel- write me , so we can have , uh , a one-to-one discussion over support on this topic . of course , we will provide you all the documentation required . ( p ) okay , thank you . ( d ) yeah . ( d ) yes , _ ( c ) you 're welcome . ( d ) there is- i can show you there is- exampleclient , smt yeah , this is 4 clients . there should be- yeah- backend smt- this is the way how to start . ( p ) oh , okay , i- i missed that one . ( one minute ) ? okay . ( d ) yeah . so can- can you do it ? because , hm , there is some sign- ( p ) uh , we- we- we can try . um . yeah , ho- hopefully , it will work out with a support ( form ) . ( uhm , chiara ) ? ( d ) yeah . ( f ) so i- i will link the github page to our , em , mt worker systems . em , of course , the s- the ( series ) code , it 's still a ( ? ? ) from being a deployed system , but if you 're interested , you can use that , it already has integration of 3 different , uh , mt systems . it should not be that difficult to integrate another one . if you want to _ ( d ) yeah . ( f ) do that . ( d ) yeah . so , this is perfect , that phil is going to do it , because some c programming is necessary to do it right now . i 'm not a real expert in it . so thank you , phil . ( p ) okay , no problem . ( d ) yeah . then we need some lifestream selection , cause at the conference we will have , hm , several options for- se- several sources of german interpreter- o- or german interpreters , or source- source , or respeakers , and we need- we need another skilled interpreter who will change which stream is going to be the main one , depending on the quality of- of the sources . and this is something between worker and client . we need to- we need the graphical user interface , or some- some interface to- to- to connect the sources into mt or mediators , or s- e- etcetera . do you understand what- what do we need ? what is this ? ( ca ) uh _ ( d ) or should i repeat ? ( ca ) no . if- okay , i try to repeat it in order to check if i correctly understood . ( d ) mm-hmm . ( c ) you need some kind- probably on the presentation platform , let 's say- you need , em , a- a kind of , em , graphical user interface in order to select the s- stream sources for , hmm , the- the transcription output . ( d ) yes . ( c ) okay . uh , it- it's- it 's planned to be like this . ( d ) okay . and this is going to be for- uh , this is one- one session for the organizers who distribute it for others , right ? it's- it 's not for the- it 's not that every user can use- or- ca- can choose their f- their- i- thei- their output . ( c ) no- no . no , no , no , no . of course , it will be protect by credentials . ( d ) yeah , okay . so , s- there wil- one organizer is going to control it for all- for the whole audience . okay , so- so chiara is going to prepare it ? ( c ) well , um , it will be part of the presentation platform , and _ ( d ) okay . ( c ) when we are ready , we will also share with you , uh , functional requirements and the ( word ) documentation , in order to check altogether . ( d ) yeah , great . so , we are moving to presentation platform , the next point . the platform must yeah . yeah , thi- these are some requirements what the presentation platform will need . that- it must jump on available session if we restart the eb client . ( c ) uh , okay , this is actually , uh , em , a- a reasonable request , ( d ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) uh , but , probably , it will not be , uh , ready as functionality for june . however , i take a note and we will introduce you in functional _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) requirements . ( d ) okay . probably not in june . yeah . ondrej promised to do video grabbing and streaming , in addition to global subtitles for the main screen . so for- for the june event , we need some version of- of presentation client , or worker or something , and he can add it to- to- to- to the screen . he already has some scripts to it . yeah . fallback needed . okay , s- so please take this note , chiara . ( c ) yep . em , well , actually , i 'm not , em , hm , so experienced in video streaming and so on , _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) but dario told me that everything should work until , um , everything is streamed using hls protocol , _ ( d ) h _ ( c ) which is the- the usual , streaming protocol for video . then if _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) slides are streamed as video , let 's say , _ ( d ) mm-hmm . ( c ) em , should work . ( d ) yeah . but , of course , when we , hm , have all the requirements and the architecture are ready , we can check again everything together , in order to check if we missed something , or if there 's something more required , or if we completely misunderstood something . ( d ) okay . i think , for june , we need either website which shows the subtitles as they are going on , or- or it can be command-line application . and- and we write _ ( c ) but _ ( d ) the s- the script to put the- the browser window to the- to the screen with- with presentation . ( c ) < other _ yawn ) well , actually , it 's , hmm , the idea is to prepare a web application . ( d ) yeah . ( c ) uh , since- em , i 'm going through the literal documentation and the requirements are both: user have to , uh , ch- hm , have a- assess to stream slides or stream video and subtitles on their personal devices , _ ( d ) yeah . ( c ) uh , but , of course , when it 's all web-based , i think that it will work well also full screen on the main screen . ( d ) yeah . okay , perfect . ( c ) we- um , a- actually , i- i 'm not really experienced in such , uh , em , technical data , but , hmm , my opinion should work . ( d ) yes . yes . the next- next question is that- whether- if we are going to the- the english asr adaptation based on documents provided by participants . i think th- that we- ondrej already wrote an e-mail that we 're not going to do it , right ? this is question to kit . ar- are you there , felix ? ( f ) and so for- for the- a demo this month , we will not be able to do that . ( f ) we are , uh , _ ( d ) okay . ( f ) already ( ? ? ) our asr workers for our own demo . ( d ) hmm . ( f ) um , can you remind me what is the event in june ? ( d ) it's- it 's on- on the last weekend of june , 28th until the 30th of june . ( f ) and that is ? wha- what event is that ? ( d ) this event is meeting of maybe 15 members of eurosai , a- and they 're going to discuss something on , uh , the value-added tags . and it will be in , uh- they- they are going to speak in english- or all the participants from like 5 countries or- or something like this- and w- and we can- we can , uh , interpret them , anyway . ( f ) so ther- there may have been some miscommunication . then what is the event taking place at , uh,16th of may ? ( then ) - ( d ) the- the event on 16 of may ? there 's not going any event on this , i think . it 's next week , 16 . yes , because ou- our demo is next week _ ( d ) aha . ( f ) and i understood that the- event was in fact that week . ( ? ? ) serious miscommunication . ( d ) yeah . ( f ) um _ ( d ) next week there is another call , on next friday at 10 am , so we need to discuss , probably , progress on all these tasks . yeah , but i do not now any other event . ( f ) i see ( ? ? ) in that case , some- some dates may ( ? ? ) . um , so , for next month , um , we may be able to do some- some adaptation . um , it will probably just involved adding some words to language model . ( d ) yes . ( f ) with- without actual , uh , voice from the speaker we- we could n't actually train and adapt the asr . ( d ) yeah , okay . so- so i write , yes , you will- you will- you will try . yeah , and similar question for adaptation of machine translation . the ch- the charles university can- can get some data related to the domain that will be discussed at the workshop from taus . and the question is whether we 're interested . this is for phil . and if yes , for which language pairs ? ( r ) this is- is this parallel data you can get ? or is this monolingual data ? ( d ) i do n't now , probably both . or _ ( p ) if- if it 's parallel data , we can use it for fine-tuning , i guess . ( d ) yeah . ( p ) em , monolingual data , i 'm not so sure we- what we do with that . ( d ) yeah . parallel yes , monolingual no . and for which language pairs ? i guess for all ? ( p ) yeah , any of the- the pairs _ ( d ) okay . out of english . for all . and- okay . and the last question from ondrej is: which metholo- methodology to use for selecting the final models ? because we may have several asr models , several mt models , and we need- and they will be adapted to different domains , or they will have different quality , different robustness to foreign accents , and there will be- it will be , uh , necessary to switch them online on the conference , based on some metric , either- e- either by some expert who will switch- switch it- who will look at the outputs and switch it online or use some test sets . so what- what do you suggest ? m- my suggestion is that we 're probably not going to solve this problem , because we will happy that we- we will have at least one system for all functionality . but he probably- f- for that- which test sets to use ? like ted talks , or- or create our own ones ? if- if we 're able to get parallel data for taus , then , of course , we could hold out some of that ( ? ? ) _ ( d ) data ? data from what ? i did n't understand one word . ( p ) um , so in- in the previous python , um- you 're saying we can get , um , vat data from taus . ( d ) yeah . ( p ) so , if there's- if there 's parallel data , we can use that for the mt test sets . ( d ) okay . yes . parallel from taus . yeah , this is good idea . ( r ) i- i 'm a bit worried that we might not be able to decide it too early , because , uh , even if we have some test set and then we measure translation quality on that , um , there will also be some interactions like with i- incomplete inputs that we 'll have to , um , see how these in- uh , different modules interact , and how robust , for example , machine trans- different machine translation systems we 'll have ( are to that ) . ( d ) hmm . ( r ) there might also be difference in t- differences in terms of lack that might be relevant for the conference to make the decision . ( d ) yes . yeah . so , thank you ev- everyone . i think we are done . or does anyone have any questions or comments ? or anything ? ( c ) no . if not that a- okay , so thank you everyone , and s- let 's call again next friday at te- 10 am . ( c ) okay , thank you so much . ( r ) alright , thank you , bye . ( d ) yeah . thank you , goodbye . ( c ) bye . ( a ) bye-bye . ( p ) goodbye .", "tgt": "eb client , production-ready version . use provided api in java and . net . suggested to continue in c , make clients more robust and update them . we will try to build python binding example , but cant promise anything . somebody may stay with python . text-to-text clients . suggestion to use samples in c sample code . test sets need to be done in single-command . example on cruise control . private repository , d informs participants to make sure they have access . admin web very basic , needs advancement fix search path page on the web interface , but not ready for wg vat . maybe a command line example to use the search path . browsing logs . mediator on pv server under vpn , not possible to provide access to all logs . schedule coordinated checks or provide specific logs from the past . same for kit , firewall rules , may be able to connect mediator only . try to arrange access to their servers to check the logs online , not sure . everyone will look on their logs , together ( kit , pv ) . asr workers that need to be ready for the meeting: en ( 2x ) , de , cz . punctuation and segmentation workers . en , de , cz . not everybody has experience in subsentence level , not sure if ready in time for wg vat . kit has an important demo at the time of the members happening . adding functionality to marian mt integrator: translate complete sentences only until sentence level . multisource is not yet supported by pv mediator , needs to be planned . will not be ready for wg vat . multitarget system for translation out of en into all eurosai languages . concluded it was too much , wants to cover only target languages for the event . kit has systems into ge , en , it , fr , es , pt . integration of marian as mt worker into pv . somebody has no experience , asks for examples - all documentation required will be provided . link github page to mt worker system so p can use it . it already has integration of 3 mt systems . live stream selection . needs gui / ui to choose the best source . pv is working on web application as part of presentation platform . presentation platform needs to be able to jump on available sessions after restarting eb client . presentation of streamed slides . as soon as it is under hls protocol it works . when ready , they will check everything together . web application . should work well in full screen . en asr adaptation based on documents provided by participants . kit will do it . mt adaptation . uedin is interested in parallel vat data from taus for fine tuning ( en into all ) . methodology for selecting final models . best is to use parallel data form taus as test sets . next call planned for 17th may , 2019 , 10:00 am ."}
{"src": "( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( a ) good morning . ( b ) good morning sorry . ( c ) good morning . ( a ) good morning at your place , is it ( ? ? ) . ( b ) no its morning actually . also have better flection of my screen right now . ( ? ? ) see anything . ( a ) who else will attend to this meeting . ( ? ? ) . ( c ) well , ondrej is writing that he will be here in a couple of minutes . they are restarting their systems ondrej and anja should join us . ( ? ? ) ( d ) good morning . ( c ) dario , okay . ( ? ? ) pervoice is here . the they are coming . ( o ) hello , so finally it works . apologies for the delay i we don \u2019 t hear you . ( c ) good morning . ( o ) okay so it works . it \u2019 s me and anja . ( an ) hi . ( o ) and we have . ( c ) hi . ( o ) we set it up so that we use loudspeakers and this microphone . this microphone , so that hopefully that so i can a- a- actually i can leave that on . so thanks everybody for joining this call , and sorry for being this call is to agree on what we will be doing in the next two years . and i wanted this call to happen before the review because it at the review someone asks we need to have one opinion on or we at least need to know like where are the where that where our ideas differ and how do we ( ? ? ) . and if you yeah , if you look at the document , i see only two people looking at the at the elitr minuting demonstration . do all of you have the link ? so daniel ( ? ? ) . so can you send it anja to to daniel ? so it was in your email , daniel . i dunno if you can find it . anja will send it again . so the the point on andreas do you see that document . yeah . beyond the same well not only the page but document . it \u2019 s called elitr minuting demonstrator and we me and anja . selected the first line . okay . okay . ( an ) andreas do you want to send- to set it to . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . ( a ) ah i just send it in . ( o ) okay , yeah yeah yeah . so here at the top of the . not at the very top of the document oh yes . the consents with the that \u2019 s what anja ( ? ? ) edit recently . we are again trying to to use this meeting as source for the minuting task . so i hope that you are all fine with being recorded and that we 'll then process the data and then eventually publish as as a corpus of meetings . as type . so there is a link to google document so- sorry to google forms , so please sign in by entering your name . and and and saying yes . and this is for , this particle meeting or is it for all the . ( an ) no this is for all elitr meeting i just added to the agenda because maybe not all of you are in the the elitr ( ? ? ) . ( o ) list so it \u2019 s mainly the link is here for daniel . and i don \u2019 t know where ( ? ? ) is , we haven \u2019 t seen him today , maybe he forgot about the call but it \u2019 s not too important and otherwise we have franz is not here but you can surely report to him , so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s . i don \u2019 t see that as a big problem either . yeah so , we need to tick off the milestone related to minut- and a a its a yeah there would be about 20 months to develop this demonstrator . so this is we are just going to discuss what type of of tool we want to develop ( ? ? ) and then the development will start first person months on this are scheduled only in january next year . so there is still plenty of time to like think in your free time on this . and then there is a lot of time available to know that . is a table which summarizes our internal breakdown , of person months as we allocated them to the various tasks related to to minuting . so to clarify minuting data is it work package one ? minuting demonstrator is in work package on integration which is is . is yeah . that \u2019 s six . and then these are five , so that \u2019 s like the that \u2019 s the internal that the the system our original . so this is these ? uh , i think that in in integration in work package six . alfaview has many more hours , many more person months than these 25 person months . the division between the various tasks of integration and and the minuting demonstrator is our internal decision . it has never been reported to the european commission . so you are , you have a lot of flexibility here . if you know that you are spending too much time on on other s- asks on integration . we can decide for a form of minuting demonstrator that that reduces the force needed . so this is this is totally up to you to to make sure that you fit in your overall thing is obviously money . so what what normally happens in the czech republic is that we spend more person months and less money or the same money , the allocated money on our tasks . that \u2019 s because usually we are not able the salaries because there ( ? ? ) . so is difficult to to to get to the salaries . and also . highly qualified stuff so we have more people working on this who have a lower experience . so this is this is our general reason why we spend more person months then planned but the correct amount of money . and the main point of view is is to make the division good for you . yeah , so the that \u2019 s it . so that \u2019 s the the main message is that alfaview should sp- . like two years on this full time . should spend a year is within the approximately 20 months of real time , because the demonstrator has to be ready somewhat before the before the of the end of the project . so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s that \u2019 s it . and we , we have only limited are in the development of the system under the hood . that that that can fail that \u2019 s pure research . but i would like overall the minuting demonstrator to to demonstrate also the user interface . so i see two main elitr ( ? ? ) so that people are happy with it and can use it for creating minutes . and the second step is the automation of the minute creation . and these two goals are more less independent they can one only one of them can succeed creation of minutes in the user interface that people like . but if our ( ? ? ) automatic minuting will fail . i would like to have good user interface where there is someone taking the notes or doing the the summarization behind the scenes . as this on users . if you wanted to , we there is no like requirement to do this but i think its useful to test it all users . so we could test it on users and we could say here have your meeting . we have this magic , automatic summarization . and while then while then meeting is happening . so this is what i would like this is what i would like to to a achieve . and what else is in the notes . yeah the two independent ( ? ? ) anja is taking the notes . i dunno if i can open the document . obviously we would need three machines to to to this though . yeah . so ( ? ? ) . so this is what i described i would like to see the demonstrator very flexible for the wizard of ( ? ? ) . job of the person should be made automatic and . yeah so th- the simples implementation i always see is ( ? ? ) project with daniel . daniel have you seen the minuting mockup figure from the project proposal ? so this is something that we need to find and paste here , its not not here in the document . so can you can you locate it in the meantime . the idea is that in in my simplest setup maybe you will find something even simpler . in my simple setup there is a single shared document similar to one that we are looking at the call . that that the call more or less follows . and then at the very bottom of the documents there is transcripts by individual participants . and to have these transcripts in the google doc can you see . so so its a shared document the this actually these two ( ? ? ) are both in the same document as no no no no . so the first part first box in the the agenda that is distributed in advance and then the lower part of the box illustrates what the document would contain as a whole . so you see that there is the agenda as well its pasted there at the top . the same and how the home user interface operates with with the background server . and the first point was to discuss whether the server will be pushing data or the client will be pulling . and then . times different people set various things that that like matches with whats illustrated at the top so at the top you see left to right what people are saying . at the bottom you see the transcript of this and ( ? ? ) even people to immediately correct what the asr has like messed up . so that is the transcript is part of the shared google document i could be looking at my own recognized speech and i could ( ? ? ) be appearing there as well . in the way similar to to the chat window that that now sees the like our messages . if we are looking at our speech translated to other languages . so this the transcript , get copied and summarized like shortened in some way and they populate the agenda . and you see these round recta- rounded rectangles with with the people images the agenda by this automatic minuting am too . and it is this pull easier to implement that \u2019 s someone someone mentioned that you see the person that was the first . if you like for example click this am ( ? ? ) button . it would give it would ( ? ? ) it will show you the transcript where it comes from . if i were to implement i would implement it is as google document or any other open source i think ( ? ? ) also has this online version now . so any other online document and . so for one for every participant , there would be one agent this agent would be connected to the pervoice platform and it would be stealing the transcript from myself and it would be entering it to the google document , because these google documents can be call . i would say i would somehow well the webpage or whatever i would indicate to the agent , this is the google document where my transcript should be appearing and this is the point . this this worker would be would be populating the transcript in some agreed annotation with some meta data that we could include like white on white background so that does- it doesn \u2019 t saying like at watched time that \u2019 s this was said or some id of that segment or whatever . so that would be one agent which puts the transcript to the document . and then i would like another agent and that only once like that \u2019 s at any and the other agent that would get the transcript , it would also see the agenda . and it would run our system that we are developing its not we are these months still . but we will have something which will get the transcript and it will summarize and it will populate the agenda . and this could again be done in this shared google document with the with the transcript text and then it would locate the agenda items again some hidden ids could be part of that . so that the location is is easier and it would populate the the agenda in the google document . and this could be run offline or live during the session not specific with in this respect at all so we can go for the easy offline implementation or we can do it online . so in my view we need for the integration we need these and that \u2019 s that \u2019 s it . these agents well one of them connects to our summarization like tool and the other one connects to the per . voice platform to get the transcripts . maybe you are able to come up with something easier maybe the integ my vision . and feel free to totally break it ( ? ? ) as you ( ? ? ) so at what else we have in this document as this is . what the user inter- or what the api of our tool is . our tool is one function that you will run by clicking on this generate summary button and the function has two ( ? ? ) . our tool will already do the topic segmentation of the agenda topic segmentation of the transcript and the meting and the population and the output of this would be the populated agenda . so something where extending the ( ? ? ) in one way or another so that would be the the output , the output is no long- is not not really well . this is maybe the output is is yeah i dunno what what the ( ? ? ) agenda shows it to ( ? ? ) . its probably already the output . its like visual illustration of what our summarization tool will do , but we need to decide on how to demonstrate this in in some way . yeah okay so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s i think everything from me , i 've described the the ( ? ? ) problems right away . what you then you we don \u2019 t have to come to any conclusion today . we still have weeks to think about this , but if you see any problems right away , we should be aware of them before the review . we meant until the end of the year . ( c ) sorry ondrej i have ( ? ? ) . has its own microphone or . ( o ) yes yes the ( ? ? ) freely assume this . so if if not the diarization will that that \u2019 s very good point but i think that we can for simplicity we can simply assume that every speaker is not separate channel . that \u2019 s that \u2019 s the general way of alfaview being used , like its i would say i think its its rather an acception that there are more people in the call . we we can say this as a requirement . ( c ) actually . i dunno if dario ever told you about one of our products which is called verbamatic ( ? ? ) . is it possible for me to show with you my desktop , okay but . ( o ) please do , if if you can share your that would be great . so its next to the coffee button . ( c ) ah okay . do you see me , no . okay . do you see my screen . ( b ) ( ? ? ) white box no . video screen . ( c ) okay . just a second . okay , actually this is one of the pervoice products which is called verbamatics ( ? ? ) . and when i read the , the agenda of today 's meeting , i understood it might be interesting for you to at least see our interface application interface because . ( o ) so at the moment we see only white screen nothing more . we saw vlc like welcome screen , but we don \u2019 t , we see your curs- , okay . okay yeah yeah . ( c ) nice . just a second . okay this is the vlc . its a video . well verbamatics ( ? ? ) is used for ( ? ? ) reporting real time ( ? ? ) reporting . which is not at all the minuting demonstrator use case . but it has some in italian but what what is going to happen is that someone . also different speakers are speaking and ( ? ? ) automatic transcription . and there exist a person who ( ? ? ) introduce a speakers tag on the left bar see th- . ( o ) so maybe can you can you zoom so can you s- make the rectangle smaller so that we see like the the font bigger . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and is there a way to to hide the right hand ( ? ? ) in alfaview like the participants the chat and all that , because it is occupying all of my screen and i i 'm failing . ( c ) just a second . ( o ) okay yeah yeah . ( b ) hide the chat with the button on bottom right . or . ( d ) with the pin . ( c ) to access here . okay lets . ( d ) that \u2019 s better . ( c ) the size . okay , okay . actually on the left bar we have the speakers name 's used for court reporting so that the ( ? ? ) speakers names are in this demo judged public prosecutor transcriptions start . and ( ? ? ) in the text area , and there exist user who . performs the autographic correction and fix autographic errors or asr errors in real time . and also introduce the speakers names , read that the agenda of todays . i saw that maybe it might be interesting to get at least inspired . ( o ) yeah yeah , thank you that \u2019 s that \u2019 s that was that was a good idea . this is with different this is like the first stage the stage that i was considering for the lower part of our shared document . more positions like more cursors appearing in the same area and the text will throw from all the parties at the same time , as if we were all typing to to the area . so then then its obviously like difficult ( ? ? ) how to put the timestamps there but that \u2019 s that \u2019 s like . yeah yeah yeah . ( c ) yes exactly now use case we have just . ( o ) if it would be good idea to start with this and edit the agenda and and the summarization to this interface or not , its up . yeah . ( c ) well actually is the document the application doesn \u2019 t work with architecture , and also like . ( o ) so maybe daniela i would like your . ( c ) and also editing the text area time . ( e ) yeah so i was originally not on supposed to be on this meeting . he should 've joined previously on so . i think what we are going for in the first iteration we ship the audio to where it can be downloaded and retranscribed from from um . because the tradeoffs that we do with the transcriptions are more latency specific we we push a lot of a lot of into media results . that \u2019 s not something you can use in in a minuting application it should only work through completed completed sentence that you can actually . ( o ) yeah yeah so . yeah so we face the same issues with machine translation and we have ran into the same issue the day before yesterday i was i failed to send an email to everybody thanking for . i also have a some videos which i will upload to to show like that the same problem affects machine translation . so it at the there will be some component which will be making some sensibility the asr worker . so from your point of view nothing would be changed , you would be only sending the audio to the pervoice platform as you are doing now . and you would not be receiving anything . which we 'll do the segmentation into sentences and insertion into into this transcript user interface . so for your point of view from your point of view i don \u2019 t think don \u2019 t see there itself the application . but you have the two years to work on something which will show it and now its for maybe not you personally but for franz to decide . whether you are find the google doc approach what weather you would like to make use of these two years of person months . to add this capability to your own platform . so this is like kind of an offer personally i would prepare an connecting to either google docs and even even the open source libra office . so that it is easier for other to pick up , but you have the option to use your person months to expand or add a ( ? ? ) from this yourself . the the general , this this also like is related to the general ip as it is handled in your open projects . the idea is that everybody then should like sell the results of our project we need to sell it to everybody under the same conditions , kind of including ourselves . so so i dunno how how ( ? ? ) about this but its so that that \u2019 s why we always put things just to open source but for company you have to be more careful and . so th- decide your for yourselves what is the best use of these two years of of person months so that you monkeys . that would do the that would do the interface based on my my requirements , so find some some benefit for you too . and i but you are responsible for coming up with the solution and and we we just need to approve that , the design of of this is also like on you you can you can have your decisions . yeah so so at this point you like need to step out from the settings which is closely tied to the alfaview internals where you were only thinking about how to send the audio with low latency and receive the messages . either of the user interface of the alfaview application , or this google doc hacked with two workers . whatever fit for you whatever is easier for and think that you have only the two years of person months to think about the the wizard of oz usage . so i think it would be great if the if what you design and develop would work with humans behind the scenes and not our automatic summarization as well . because then if ( ? ? ) with it , and you can sell this user interface as an independent application and the the ( ? ? ) commission would be only angry at us that our science failed . but overall as a project we will have succeeded . think that it is nicer to have it real time , yeah . ( b ) but real time is not required . ( o ) demonstrator is so m- maybe read again and that i don \u2019 t remember it myself , but the read what \u2019 s exactly as written as specification of the demonstrator . because this is what we are going to be checked against . so read the specific , like what has to be done in order to satisfy what has been promised . so i i know that daniel has never ( ? ? ) text , he has never seen that . and its too long time ago that that i i wrote it , but alfaview had a chance to to edit and must have kind of confirm what is what is there . um-hum . yeah . ( c ) uh sor- sorry guys , i also had the same doubt before . so i re-read the grant agreement . actually in work package 5 there is never written ( ? ? ) test to be real time . there is just a note in work package 6 ( ? ? ) task , minuting . and this is the only part where live is mentioned . i dunno if efficient . to require the live ( ? ? ) there are not but its the only point where its mentioned . ( o ) yeah okay , that \u2019 s thats good so i think in we can always say that its impossible to do it real time with the current development of the technology . so the this kind of safe wrote to design so that it can in principle work in real time . but we happy if it does not work in real time at the moment . i know that the design decisions can be radically different for these two use cases . same time . ( o ) we have these two person years . but still we should we should somehow explain that like we should do some reasonable amount of work so at these single export is and we , copy paste . the transcript and agenda to to text areas on a webpage and then you click the summarize button and it will do something . that is also demonstrator , but i would be hoping for me . in in the end the single webpage where you have two text areas who pays the agenda you paste the transcript and you click the button and it will do some summarization . that is a demonstrator . and that means actually no time on your side . that . that that \u2019 s what we are doing research into , so that \u2019 s a that \u2019 s this is what we have to do . so we have to do some topic segmentation based on keywords , so right now we actually . yes . yep , and it is totally blue ( ? ? ) so i keep reminding everybody that this can horribly fail . but the the outcome ( ? ? ) , so with machine translation everybody knows what the task is . so you get text in source language and you expect text in target language . here the summarization has so many different ways of being handled , that i want to to have this task defined . to run shared task on on this summarization of meetings in in the coming years . so so that there the whole research moves into direction that that we want . so that \u2019 s the way i see it . full pipeline working but we can totally fail , but we will not fail what we will deliver is the definition of the ends of the pipeline , and how that fits into the the user interface . you can try to redo the internals and be ( ? ? ) in this task .", "tgt": "ondrej wanted this call to happen before the review . this meeting is used as source for minuting task . minuting demonstrator is in integration work package 6. alfaview has many more person months than 25 person months . division between various tasks has never been reported to european commission . spent more person months than planned but used correct amount of money . second step is automation of the minute creation . ondrej wants to have good user interface when someone is taking notes or doing summarization behind the scenes . need to have three machines to work . for every participant there would be one agent . document application doesn \u2019 t work with architecture . real time is not required . alfaview had a chance to edit demonstrator . ticked milestone related to minuting . 20 months to develop demonstrator ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi chiara . hello . so we are very loud speakers . and so we will have to mute ourselves probably , to avoid echo whenever we are not talking . yeah so ( ? ? ) microphone . do we ? no we dont . no thats for the playback . thats for playback for a through a ( ? ? ) . so so chiara , the idea well were still waiting for others , but the idea is that everybody organize the screens and we should do it as well , ehm , so that we will be watching the video in one window and have the subtitles and the , eh , paragraph view in the other window and what is new is that , eh , for german right ? we have three- eh , eh , for english as well for english and german we have three different levels of flick- flickering , eh , so well see which of them we , eh , we like better . ( ch ) in the presentation platform and the only one available in the online text flow . hi . ( o ) so i did n't hear the beginning of your sentence . eh , i think you were saying that you , eh , you prefer to have three different flickers in subtitling , and only one of - . ( ch ) i ? ? , i 'm not that good in german i could n't figured my , eh , be a ( ? ? ) , eh , configuration in order to have the three different english subtitle flickering times in the presentation platform , and the only one available in the online text flow . and i can not provide you feedback for the german ones so . ( o ) yeah thats thats thats okay ( ? ? ) . so we are still waiting for others im afraid . and we do not have our setup on the screen . so maybe if you could do this setup . well what we are watching . do we have the the right setup ? ( c ) hi chiara . hello . so we are very loud speakers . and so we will have to mute ourselves probably , to avoid echo whenever we are not talking . yeah so ? ? microphone . no we , no we dont . no thatsfor the playback . thatsfor playback for a through a ( ? ? ) . so so chiara , the idea well were still waiting for others , but the idea is that everybody organize the screens and we should do it as well so that we will be watching the video in one window and have the subtitles and the paragraph you in the other window and what is new is that for german right ? we have three- for english as well for english and german we have three different levels of flick- flickering so well see which of them we we like better . ( ch ) in the presentation platform and the only one available in the online text flow . hi . ( o ) so i did n't hear the beginning of your sentence . i think you were saying that you you prefer to have three different flickers in subtitling , and only one of - . ( ch ) i ( ? ? ) , i 'm not that good in german i could n't figured my be a ( ? ? ) configuration in order to have the three different english subtitle flickering times in the presentation platform , and the only one available in the online text flow . and i can not provide you feedback for the german ones so . ( o ) yeah thats thats that sokay ( ? ? ) . so we are still waiting for others im afraid . and we do not have our setup on the screen . so maybe if you could do the screen setup . do we have the the right setup ? ( ? ? ) this one because this one does not need the preview , this needs only to generate the sound . so in the ( ? ? ) presentation platform im unable to login using the user details that you provided in the google document . ( ch ) oh really ? let me check it again . uh , maybe you copied also a space before the in the username . ( o ) yeah thatsis it . where is this place . how do i change- . so do we have everybody on the call or are we still waiting ? so chiara . are you on the call or not ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) yeah . so we we had- we already started it here simuntaniously for ourselves . and for the subtitling , and we did it as like a little test but we did not synchronize with you , and also no one else joined the call so far . ( ch ) oh , well , ondrej do not worry . since through the ( ? ? ) platform i heard you starting the video . ( o ) okay . ( ch ) and i was so able to hear the the video playing so that i do not even need to play my own local video . ( o ) okay okay okay . thank 's interesting . so our screen- i will try sharing the screen . what we are looking in , but that will be share my screen select or the screen and dire work . do i , oh , i 'll share screen to . and there 's one yeah . so if you see now . this is our setup . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) and thatsvery cluttered . so we need to cut the down even for our assessments . so . ( ? ? ) so maybe if you can also share yours screen . so that we see your setup , ( ch ) let me check how i can do it . ( o ) so ( ? ? ) the subtitles are ok if you use many of those and here lets disable , what is this one i dont see that . ( ch ) i 'm not able to share my screen . i can send you , for example , any major . ( ? another language ? ) so we know switched to two columns only . okay . sorry ondrej im going to use a also another different platform for sharing info . i 'm going to upload in these ( ? ? ) live testing channel . eh , my actual configuration if you are- . okay this is my setup . ( o ) ( ? ? ) your your screen setup , eh , chiara is better then what we have because we have- yes but actually just because i focus only on english . you will see i 'm also trying to record some video here and there . ( o ) okay . ( ch ) since we all need some some demo video . ( o ) yes , exactly this . that is good . yeah . eh . so lets give it one more try with the , eh , ( ? ? ) video , eh . so in the recording you will not have- you will have only the sound of the video that we play . you are doing any- . but no , you are doing on the screen recording , no sound right ? ( ch ) exactly . eh , if we need ( ? ? ) can try to synchronize the audio later since we had the- . ( o ) yeah yeah that makes sence . uh huh . we dont need the video anyway like it's- i will- i think that we need more of this phace and that is actually ( ? ? ) simply by . this is not disturbing very much . the right one ? so- oh . double click its too slow . so which one should i do ( ? ? ) ? okay . refresh it and load . so and which check ? this check ? so we should have the all of them . right ? so chiara , i know you see our ( ? ? ) in our screen sharing what i 'll stop the screen sharing , so that the the network is less loaded . is he ? i do ( ? ? ) not and the the news on the the and in very high are there . are you there ? so you about one , two , three , four right ? so one , two , three , four is probably ( ? ? ) . we can not hear you . ( ? ? ) chiara . okay . so if barry can hear us . and for barry i 'll share one more time the screen . screen number two so that barry knows what we are looking at . and we , we are looking at different versions of the english subtitles for different flicker and we are also looking at czech , eh , output and in the paragraph you we have obviously only the single view , there 's no no need to change the , the flickering . so . well , then the problem is thatwe we can not very synchronized , with if he does n't hear us . yeah . oh , felix is here . hi felix , can you hear us ? hm . so we have felix , but- felix joined . this machine seems overloaded . do we have a charger ? ok , so can you hear us now ? yes perfect , and felix ? are you here ? so barry can hear us , chiara can hear us . felix has his cam switched of , thatsokay , but if you hear- if you are able to hear us , then you will hear the french sound from the- thatswhat chiara experienced . she heard the the sound from the from the ( ? ? ) already . do we also have sebastian ? i do n't know . yeah so that 's bad . ok , so let 's give it three more minutes . and in three minutes , we will start the video . and then felix will have only the chance to watch the subtitles . okay felix disconnected . and he is try- so he is trying . he is working on the mics again . so i 'm stopping , the shir- the screen sharing . this green sharing , and she lets stood you do . so let 's get started . right ? so here is the- ( ? ? ) . so i 'm stopping the screen sharing , so let 's start chiara . so chiara is here , hopefully barry can hear us now , i 'm not sure , and i 'll start the playback and we 'll we 'll see . and we 'll , uh , keep watching for ten minutes , is it ? seven minutes . yeah ? the video for seven minutes . ( ? ? ) okay . so three , two , one go . thatsit , right ? okay . so- ok , so , uh , who who we have on the call ? we have chiara , who can speak , right ? ( ch ) ( ? ? ) yeah , yes , yes , , uh , there was little lag , uh , and we have barry who can not speak , right ? and we have felix and probably felix can not speak , uh , either . right ? so felix , and barry , if you can hear us , uh , then write into that ( ? ? ) chat , that you can hear us . um yeah . so i do n't know . so barry has disconnected . barry was not here . ok . so the only- the only person- oh hes starting to reconnect . uh , chiara . since we- yeah , we 'll se whether barry will be able to join or not . what were your impressions ? ( ch ) well , uh , i have n't looked , uh , at the video before doing this demo . so that i , uh , would like to , uh , understand what i 'm really able to understand the from the automatic transcription and translation . uhhhh , i do not know , if you instead of the least of content presented ? so that you can check me , i understood correctly . but , uh , my feedback is ( ? ? ) . uhh . the ( ? ? ) garding , i , i , i identified at least three different news . the first one was related to covid-19 . they had a an italian correspondence from a radio , or froma if i correctly remember , and i probably there were the prime minister speech of the last days translated ? i do n't know . translated in french . the second news . i do n't get the topic . but it was a matter of honor between persons , i do n't get the content . and i have to say that the last parter regarding the pension reforma , was some much much clearer . and i think i got the point . regarding the interface usability , deep the fact that the presentation platform , not the world subtitle is displayed , was a problem . i do n't know , if it is a matter of the size of the window . but i think that in most of the time . and you can see the ei- the recording video . and the second line of the subtitle . was ( ? ? ) in the black box . ( o ) that means that means that you yeah , that means that your phone size was too big given our setting of the number of characters that we put into one line . so if you change your phone size , one level below it would probably have fit but the the the final answer is that it needs to be the logic in the browser that breaks the ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) this is was- this was a not that nice . i enabled all the three english subtitles flickering times . and i definitely prefer the third one- ( o ) which was , . ( ch ) which does n't flick too frequent ( o ) um-hum . ( ch ) uh , regarding the online text flow . ( o ) um-hum . ( ch ) i really appreciated the paragraph representation since when i missed some part . i was able to scroll and re-read what has been said . what i disliked instead is the fact that the gray and the notes consolidated ( ? ? ) . changes the frequence , and he it confuse me as , an user . ( o ) yeah . ok . ( ch ) which works pretty well . ( o ) yeah . yeah . yeah , the thatsperfect , that 's that 's a perfect summary . and you were also compared to me much better in getting what is in the news . so for me it was quite easy to follow some mids from the from the virus news . but i did n't get the details that there was some italian correspondent from somewhere , for example , that i did not get that all . i know that there was some number a of , a of dead people , and they went on like they were talking about , how do we keep of trust between the government and the people . so they , they were mainly preparing the the people to keep the , to , to keep trusting the government . because that is the only security that that you have , in the very changing situation . and uhh- so this was it was quite followable for me . i did n't get the the italian reporter . then there was something which i do not understand at all , and i did not even . so the you said that there was a topic that you did not follow either . and you identified there was it was this thing from the ( ? ? ) topic . i did not even spot the the change from the unknown topic to the pension topic . so i thought it was two topics in the in the talk the the the virus , and then eventually , which was totally incomprehensible at the beginning . ( ch ) i 'm not 100 percent sure that ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah so we hav to see what was the problem . what was the the middle topic if it was something keywork that was missing , so that we did n't get it . i was lost for pretty long- . yea . ( ch ) i think that there are some person names . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah so , so i also realized that when understanding and trying to understand the text . i rely very much on my background knowledge . so that was the reason why i was able to understand the coroner virus discussion . and the the discussion about the trust between the patients and the doctors and the governments and , and the health care system and the and the citizens because this is like general world knowledge , and also , i have some knowledge about the area of the current situation with the corona virus . then i was totally confused doing the second part . and then as suddenly that the word pension appeared there . and that occurred to me that my vaguely no from other news that there is this pension reform that has just been been accepted in france , or or something like that . and there is a lot of those negative response to that from from the people . and so there were the key word in the in the output of the machine transitions system , like started or brought all the little background knowledge that i have , and that suddenly helped me to understand somewha . but i comperge to you . i did- i did- i do not have the impression that all that i have understood the message . so i do not know at all what was the the message from the last part , i just realised that it is about pension reform pension reforms . so maybe your background knowledge on that has helped you , or may- i 'm like trying to figure out how come that you understood the last part so well . ( ch ) i get that , well actually , i know nothing regarding the pension reform . especially the french . if i , if i- i think that they are talking about ( ? ? ) to be made in the next years . ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay , so , so your background knowledge is not any better than mine . so maybe the error that i made was , i was attempting to like catch up . so i was like scrolling little bit back and scrolling forward and thereby i actually ( ? ? ) my own concentration . so that 's . i think there is the critical point is the user is fully concentrated on the paragraph view , not disturbed by the the gray flicker , and only follows the content . then it is , it it works . you can get the message . but as soon as you as your thoughts wander , or like walk around . or as you are trying to catch up with something . you immediately start losing their content . so this is different from listening to the language that you understand if you are listening language you understand . you do not need to pay attention to it . and see you get the recording , you get the transcript in your head . here to get the transcript sort of , you really have to read it . so that 's , that 's totally critical . i 'm wondering where they are not in the not moving forward , the congress or maybe not within elitr at all , but whether it would actually make sense you to have your your mother ( ? ? ) produced by ( ? ? ) translation , spoken to your ears , which would relief your reading ability , and it would give you the chance to , to like have this transcript collected in your head for free . in the same way . as as i get it , if i if i listen to , to the radio . but , yeah . that 's a , that 's just the side question . essentially my ( ? ? ) and my , my take home message from the looking at the outputs is that could not follow the subtitles at all , because we also had this fond , too big , because we are juggling with the windows . and in the second lie was , line was never shown there . so the subtitles were of , of no use to me , and even when when i reduced the font size . still , it was jumping too fast . s- so i and i did not have time to figure out which one is the lowest flicker , so that i could follow the lowest flicker . i was mainly trying to follow the paragraph view and there it worked pretty well . but still , there were some like ugly jumps . so what was not bad for me was the too many changes in the gray part . if the grey part is , two or three lines long . thatstotally ok . but if the , yea if the gracious text becomes longer than i suddenly start reading text , and then it can become disturbing . and the most annoying observational most annoying situation that i had was when this long paragraph , which was dark grey , turned black . and it made a big jump in the column . so that that unsmooth jump was was the annoying most annoying bit , but if our ( ? ? ) , decides to ignore flicker or whatsoever , then it is the and so i would like actually hide it . so that is something that what i was working on anyway to have just one switch , which would say , '' i do not want to see any of the grey output at all . `` if , if the gray output is is hidden , then i think that following the the paragraph you , is is easy . and if we do not drawn into the mistranslational of ( ? ? ) problems then it is really usable . so it is still needs the full attention by deduce it is usable . having said that , the long paragraphs are still a problem . so we should really focus on the segmenter , uh , so that we have as small units of translation as possible . it must not be worse , obviously . but if we can go for clauses or something like that , then it would do the best for for the user . ( ch ) may i ask you to ( ? ? ) the demo ? ( o ) yeah . there are yeah . and we also have comment from barry that the . he says that the paragraph ( ? ? ) is much easier than the subtitle view because you can see the the history . and and you know what you are saying , '' you are saying that , and nobody actually follow the subtitles ? so you have seen you yes ? yes . so so far , we have very little the . yeah , okay . so barry- barry is complaining about the the way the paragraph you moved without his control . so barry was on this day or less i guess . barry was reading the paragraph view from the top to bottom and , he would prefer to scroll it manually as he reads . i guess . and maybe gather longer delay , compared to the origin of sound . while the sub- the paragraph view is now uh , trying to keep the level of . so it makes you did not . it makes it easier for you to follow the most up to date , the the text , or most of today 's information , and the history is harder to access . i think it is a it is . i think it is it is possible into we will simply avoid ( ? ? ) scrolling . so the new feature that could be considered for the paragraph view is that the scrolling will be fully manual so will be listening and you would be manually clicking scroll down , and the text will be growing at the at the bottom only . and if you stopped clicking then suddenly like you will stay at , on the page where you are . so there is there is none . this view is there is some manuals , calling is good for people who want to follow everything . and the cost of like gathering the delay and also the cost of having to to manually scroll that screen . everybody is definetly not usable for any setup where you do not have buttons on ther . yeah i would have make summarization . yeah , yeah , yeah . okay . so it works for felix now , so this , this room would get busy with students in fifteen minutes . the . i do not know , the weather 's says . felix i dont know whether your microphone works whether you can say anything . yes , yeah . okay , well , you should have rebooted before the session . that is why i always use the this windows machines that i never use them for anything else but phone calls . and i regularly check for updates and reboot several times before the session . so i spend half half a day is just setting up the machine for the call . and that , and that works for yes . so felix , did you have any chance to , to ; see does subtitles , or the paragraph you during the video play back . ( f ) no , i did not see anybody , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . so you did not . you did not follow the ( ? ) or the paragraph view ? ( f ) i was so busy to ( ? ) . ( o ) okay , so said , '' we know how good the french asr was ? yes , we have no idea exactly . we have no idea . how would the french asr was . ( f ) are you able to follow the talker ? . ( o ) yeah that is that is what we discussed so this , uh , this session is actually being recorded . so you can hear the description of chiara afterwards . we will share the recording of , of this . because , chiara was- she was pretty successful . i would say , like hah way successful , which is pretty good . ( f ) so i can say from this like the the requirement that we had for he development of this . so on like to translate usually the it should not necessarily be so that you can just listen to read the transcription . and from that , you really understand that he was always the from these were all with lecture from . and it is like the students are sitting in the electrical they can hear the the speech , which they do not really understand . and we can see the the presenter and really could not read the transcripts , and from that all together from all those who has to go through all the talk . so . and because you have the original talk here , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) ( ? ? ) was french . i , i , yes i do remember . a couple of words where i understood the french word , and then i spotted in the translation of so that that is so it is could be similar consituation , that you are describing when you maybe a little bit understand the original language . and i think ( ? ? ) they are in the lectures on mass then is actually easier to follow , because their that their terminology somewhat more international , then the politics over our or regulations , and and management of of of of and the pension reform . so maybe the synchronization with the unknown language , works easier for four months . the listening to tv news with pictures is not always easy that . so that is what barry writes . so i had one more observation , and then was we are also planning to work and some censorship excelled in bad words , do not get into the outputs . and this was planned to be particularly important for the high school students , but since the fairies cancelled , because otherwise than we are putting any , any pressure on this anymore . but i realized it here . it was in the middle part of the talk , where i did not understand anything just spotted sentence , where they said , '' the whole thing is managed by animals . '' and i dont know whether , whether this insultwas really setting straight ( ? ? ) . so , im , im mentioning it because our censorship whatever it is , it would definitely have no chances in spotting such insults as the whole thing is managed by animals . okay , so we have gained a few , a few new things . ah , felix we , we getting to see you . thatsamazing . yeah . so lets , lest digest what we have learned from this lesson . we 'll share the recording of this bodies should does not include the- so chiara has the screen cost of the subtitles , right ? so chiaras video in synchronization with the recording of this call would be th- the best way to to look at it . if you want to replay that session , just as a reminder of what we have observed . and , what , how do we proceed in like with this goal in , in the future . so the goal of this of this friend watching session , was to access the real usability for the users . so how do we work on the real usability ? we know how to proceed in asr model improvements in segmenter model improvements . we have gained a few tips for the user interfaces . here what to do . i think that the best setup , chiara that you can- that you should focus on is the is the combination of that paragraph in the side thing , and the and the video or the slides . ( ? ? ) ( ch ) actually , i would like to test a different kind of a- we already talk about it . different kind of presentation approach , which she introduced with a small delay , but based on our experience , makes the subtitles be a real subtitles and much more readable for the end user . this is the reason i ask the ( ? ? ) . for the ( ? ? ) would like to try to make some , some test . maybenext week , or today . ( o ) okay . ( ch ) we are also going through the revision of the presentation platform . so this was really interesting also for the user experience of the web application . ( o ) so as a barry , barry was successful in finding the french original . well , the the the surround script , yes ? as i 'm , i 'm not able to read it . and i do not know whether ( ? ? ) means is governed by ( ? ? ) . i recognized the animals . and so maybe it was an asr error , so , back to my question , what the usability ? how do we proceed with the overall usability . i suggest not the next week . but maybe in two weeks from now , uh , when we had gathered some further improvements . again , across the board . we should try another french watching session , but we should focus on more things . a so . mou should be better prepared in in the sense that we would , for example , be able to measure the asr quality are what we will know the asr quality . so we should fix something where there is a ghosts under transcript for the french , and- yeah . so this is- yeah . so the next french watching session should be around on the test set which we have objective measures for . so thats , thatsit . so we- this is what we are working on for the ( ? ? ) shared task . to solve this this question for felix ; , actually , as well , have you received the mail by dominik , and for barry as well ? we are working , putting together a submission to the share task , which i 'm organizing , and it is not not not ready properly . but the elitr system should be evaluated by objective measures in in that . in english to check and german translation . and with these objective measures in place . we should run the neck french watching session as well . so that would be french to czech and german and english . for example . so another setup above the same technical tools . and the we should uses this for the next transition nests , the french watching session to establish relation between our observation our impression and the objective measures so that we know good or bad , asr . what a rate of of six is and how ( ? ? ) of forty is . so whatever the numbers are . so this is now . so let us let us . sorry ? ( f ) there is not ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i did not get . sorry because of the song , sound quality , so , no no no its its like ( ? ? ) . but it is it is just speak slower . and the yeah thatsit , ( f ) well , instead of having a talk with the gold transcript we could ( ? ? ) to understand him and the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so you are saying , that native speakers would be watching the asr and checking the asr quality and speakers who do not speak the language would be checking the t ; he translation quality , but- ( f ) ( ? ? ) you can also check the translation . ( o ) you can do it at the same time . so there is the there is the problem of , of like all of the brain . but we have we already have number of czech talks that edward transcribed . so can- we would . we , we will figure out which which go the source videos would be the best . czech could be an option because we have the transcriptions . if we find something from the european parliament , which is in french . then we can do it there as well , and i would slightly prefer the follower language that do not speakthe because then i have the than i can make my own assessments as well , you know . so italian . i would 've be happy with italian , which is a then a italian source video . then we can also test italian asr . so this is something which we do need for the congress , but we the that plan with elitr anyway . i think . so i think that the the first set , we should try would be indeed , french , because that is one of the languages we need . or possibly russian , which i do not speak either , and we also need it in principle . yeah . so , so , i do not see much benefit from your proposals felix , because it 's the compared to my propose , my proposes to select something where we have the objective measures for . and i think we should be able to find something . you are probably proposing the simpler set up in case , we do not find anything was objective measures right ? yeah , yeah . okay , so this room . is it going to get students very soon . and i think that we should pack it here . so if you do not have any further comments . now please still try to go over your experience and put that into the french watching session document . and we will share the recording of this lexical and chiara it would be great if you could share the recording ( ? ? ) of your screen with the subtitles . ; and the i think that it would definetly ( ? ? ) the regular elitr call . and there we will discuss whether- when do we run the next french watching session . ( ch ) okay , thank you . ( o ) okay , yeah . so thanks to all of you participated , its always a new experience , i like it . so thanks very much . in the next time will make sure that everybody was there machine a couple of times before . before . the goal is this mission is also asking for reboot . thank you . thanks bye-bye .", "tgt": "flickering and subtittles characteristics . discussion about video setup . french speech video to test subtittle program ( 7 min ) . automatic transcription and translation . discussing the french speech and its translation . discussing possible improvements in the functionality of tanslating program . make scrolling fully manual to simplify the text manageability . focusing on the segmenter to reduce units of translation . developing automatic censorship of bad or vulgar words . try to watch another french watching session and focus on more details and characteristics of problems and shortcomings ."}
{"src": "( o ) uh . hi chiara . mhm . ( s ) hello . ( o ) mhm . ( ch ) hi guys . hi guys . ( o ) yeah . so we are very loud speakers . uh , so we will have to mute ourselves probably , uh , to avoid echoes whenever we are not , uh , talking . uh , yeah , so sangeet has worked on the whole set up , uh , uh , i was sure that we do n't have the long microphone . do we ? no we do n't . so , i 'll try what what we can do . we could do . no thats for the playback . ( s ) ( o ) it's- . thats for playback for a through a vda . well , uh . so , so chiara , the idea , uh , well we 're still waiting for others . but the idea is that everybody organises the screens and we should do it as well . mhm , so that we will be watching the video in one window and have the subtitles and the , uh , paragraph view in the other window . and what is new is that , uh , for german , right ? we have three- eh , eh , for english as well ? ( s ) yeah , for english and german . ( o ) for english and german we have three different levels of flick- , uh , of flickering , uh , so we 'll see which of them we , eh , we like better . ( ch ) in the three different flickering time in the presentation platform and the only one available in the , uh , online text flow . hi . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so i did n't hear , uh , the beginning of your sentence . uh , i think you were saying that you , uh , you prefer to have three different flickers in subtitling , and only one , the high actually- . ( ch ) hello . i i since , i 'm not that good in german i configured my , eh , desktop , uhm , configuration in order to have the three different english subtitle flickering times in the presentation platform , and the only one available in the online text flow . and i i can not provide you feedback for the german one sorry . ( o ) yeah thats thats thats okay . it 's just for our interest anyway . uh , okay . so we are still waiting for others i 'm afraid . and i am in the- . ( ch ) there is sebastian coming maybe . and we do not have our setup on the screen . so maybe if you could do the screen set up . well , what we are watching . do we have the the right setup ? the video and next to the , ehm , the- . ( s ) everything is set . other _ unrecognisable _ speech > ( o ) no , in this one . because this one , this one does n't need the pretty view . this one needs only to generate the sound . ( s ) mhm . so , and i'll- make use of- . ( s ) so , we will be sharing our screen then ? ( o ) so , this is this is for . ( s ) oh , so we should be logging-in ? ah , okay . alright . that 's my guess . ( s ) oh , hi chiara . excuse me . ( ch ) tell me . ( s ) yeah so , uh , using the- . so in the pervoice presentation platform i 'm unable to log-in using the user , uh , details that you provided in the google document . ( ch ) oh really ? let me check it again . ( s ) yes . ( ch ) right . ( o ) does it work ? ( ch ) uh , maybe you copied also a space before the , in the username . ( o ) oh , could be . yeah . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , thats it . yeah it works . there was that- . what was it . where is this place . how do i change- . extend . that 's this magical button . yeah . because the `` extend '' gives us the high resolution there , yeah . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) of that window- . ( s ) let me do it . oh , okay . ( o ) so do we have everybody on the call or are we still waiting ? ( s ) so we have here- . the ( ? citrix ? ) is out and drag this entire window- . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) and one more thing . ( s ) and i 'll arrange . ( o ) so we still have only- . uh , and then , uh . okay . ( s ) yeah , so i i will ( ? ? ? ) this window . ( o ) and i think you also need to ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i 'm doing that . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( o ) when do you get started . ( o ) okay . let 's let 's redo it . first try whether it transcribes . ( s ) uh , someone should be able to- . ( o ) to click into the different areas . ( s ) at the same time- ( o ) mhm , yeah , so we , uh , so . ( s ) and to make it easier for you . just have to , click , ehm- . just like press the space . ( o ) press the space ? ( s ) ( o ) yeah , okay . yeah , so . so , three , two , one , click . ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) shall i pause it ? ( o ) le let 's pause it simultaneously . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . so chiara . uh , uh , are you , are you on the call or not ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( o ) yeah . so we we had- . we already started it here simultaneously for ourselves . and for the subtitling . and we did it as like a little test . uh , but we did not synchronize with you , and also no one else joined the call so far . ( ch ) oh , oh , well , uh , ondrej do n't worry . eh , since through the ( ? pick & see ? ) platform i heard you starting the video . ( o ) okay . ( ch ) and i also able to hear the the video playing so that i do not even need to play my own local video . ( o ) okay okay okay . that 's . okay , that 's interesting . yeah , uh . so our screen- . uh , i will try sharing the screen . what we are looking in , but that will be- . share my screen , uh , select window or the screen . screen . entire work . do i , oh , the i 'll share screen to . and that 's the one , yeah . ( o ) so if you see it now . this is our set up . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) and thats very cluttered . so we need to cut it down even for our assessment . uh , so , uh . i do n't know what we should avoid , uh . we should probably focus only , only on english . right ? ( s ) ... and czech , because you understand czech . ( ch ) yes . i would prefer czech . ( o ) english and czech , yeah . uh , so maybe if you can also share yours screen . so that we see your set-up . ( ch ) yes , just let me check how i can do it . ( o ) so ( ? ? ) the subtitles are ok . we can use many of those and here let 's disable- . what is this one i do n't see that . ( ch ) oh sorry , i'm- . i 'm not able to share my screen . uh , but i can send you , for example , uhm , any major . maybe . ( ? another language ? ) ( o ) so we do n't switch- . we know switched to two columns only . ( s ) both are like quite simple . ( ch ) how to share it . mhmm . my gosh . ( o ) ( ch ) okay . sorry ondrej i 'm going to use also another , uh , different platform for sharing info . i 'm going to upload in these ( ? ? ) live testing channel . eh , my actual configuration if you are- . ( o ) we are not following site . that 's one more thing where we could , uh , share things . ( ch ) okay this is my setup . chiara 's . ( o ) ( ? ? ) we should add ? that one , no . that one , yeah . ( s ) okay , so she sent her screen . ( o ) yeah . so i think . your your screen setup , eh , chiara is better then what we have because we have- ( o ) because we have like ( ? ? ? ) ( ch ) yes , but actually just because i focus only on english . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( ch ) yes , you will see i 'm also trying to record some video here and there . ( o ) okay . ( ch ) since we always need some some demo video . ( o ) yes , exactly that 's . that is good . yeah . eh . so lets give it one more try with the , eh , so which video , eh . so , uh , so in the recording you will not have- . you will have only the sound of the video that we play . if you are doing any re- . but no , you are doing on the screen recording , no sound right ? ( ch ) exactly . eh , if we need we can if we could- . try to synchronize the audio later yeah , of course . since we had the- . ( o ) if we find it useful- . yeah yeah that makes sense . uh huh . ( ch ) just enable czech and english in the- . ( o ) there would n't have . we do n't need the video anyway like it's- . ( ch ) i know , but . ( o ) i will- i think that we need more of this space and that is actually , uh , better achieved simply by- . with- . this , this is not disturbing much . the right one ? ( s ) yeah . ( o ) so- . oh . double click it 's too slow . so which one should i disable ? ( s ) just refresh it . ( o ) okay . refresh it and load . so and which czech ? this czech ? ( s ) there is only one czech . ( o ) and english ( ? ? ? ) ( s ) ( o ) so we should have e all of them , right . three englishes . that 's it . yeah . yeah okay . and then we can ( ? ? ? ) so this is probably the best set up that we can get . so chiara , i 'll now- . you see our current set up , uh , in our screen sharing . what i 'll stop , stop the screen sharing , so that the the network is , uh , less , uh , loaded . ( s ) i think barry is , should be here . ( o ) uh , is he ? i do n't see barry- . uh , aha , tell him he is on ( ? ? ? ) barry . uh . are you there ? so you about one , two , three , four right ? so one , two , three , four is probably barry . we can not hear you . it worked with chiara . uh , but , uh , chiara tested , uh , it was good that we could hear , uh , that she could hear us . that she could hear us . she , uh , heard the video playing from our machine . okay , uh , can you hear us ? yeah , so so if barry can hear us . ( o ) and , uh , for barry i 'll share one more time the screen . uh , screen number 2. so that , uh , barry knows what we are looking at . we , we are looking at different versions of , uh , english , uh , , subtitles for different flicker . and we are also looking at a czech , eh , output . and in the paragraph you we have obviously only the , uh , the single view , there 's no no need to change the , the flickering . ( s ) so barry ca n't hear us . ( o ) oh , okay . that 's strange . hmm . ( s ) i think he can follow a chat when it 's like ( ? ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , i 'm i 'm using the chat window ( ? ? ? ? ) so . hmm , mmm , uh . well , then the problem is that we we can not really synchronise , with barry if he does n't hear us . ( s ) i think i can provide something in the chat window ( ? ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah . oh , felix is here . hi felix , can you hear us ? hm . so we have felix , uh , but- . felix joined . hmhm . felix , please confirm if you can hear us . this machine seems overloaded . do we have new charger ? i can not hear at the moment . let me see . there is a- . yeah , mhm . ( s ) okay , so barry has texted you . ( o ) i know . and he says he is trying to figure out some , uh , setting in ( ? pexit ? ) . okay , so can you hear us now ? yes perfect , and felix ? are you here ? so barry can hear us , chiara can hear us . yeah . felix has his cam , uh , switched off , thats okay , but if you hear- . if you are able to hear us , then you will hear the french sound from the- . uh , thats what that 's what chiara experienced . she heard the the sound from the from the ( ? pexit ? ) already . ( s ) ( o ) do we also have sebastian ? i do n't know . uh , yeah so , uh , that 's bad . i can not see video either , just loading , uh- . yes , uh , we are , uh , not yet running it . running the video , uh , the video . but uh , try to change , uh , your settings so that you hear us . okay , so let 's give it , uh , three more minutes . and in three minutes , uh , we will start the video . and then felix will have only the chance to watch the subtitles . uhm . ... do n't get our sound by then , you will only be able to , uh , watch elitr platform . or paragraph view it is good to have the paragraph view open , uh , because it will collect some history for you . avoid , uh , reloading in the history . ( o ) okay felix disconnected . and he is try- yeah . so he is trying . he is working on the mics again . so i 'm stopping , uh , the shir- the screen sharing . that button . yeah . uh , and let 's . so let 's get started , right ? so here is the- ( ? ? ) that you want to watch . ( ? ? ? ) is it the space or is it- ? ( ? another language ? ) so i 'll just forge this space button- . ( o ) space or click ? which will do it ? ( s ) click . ( o ) click . so , uh , i 'm stopping the screen sharing . yeah . so , let 's start chiara . so chiara is here , hopefully barry can hear us now , i 'm not sure , uh , and i 'll start the playback and we 'll we 'll see . and we 'll , uh , keep watching for ten minutes , is it ? ( s ) seven minutes . ( o ) seven minutes . yeah ? the video for seven minutes . ( s ) ( o ) uh , yeah . so i 'll add- . okay . yeah , okay . so three , two , one , go . thats it , right ? okay . so- yeah . i 'll , i 'll stop it . i 'll try to stop it . ( ? ? ? ) sorry . ok , so , uh , who , uh , who we have on the call ? we have chiara , who can speak , right ? ( ch ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , yes , yes , uh , there was little lag . uh , and we have barry who can not speak , right ? and we have felix and probably felix can not speak , uh , either . right ? so felix , and barry , if you can hear us , uh , then write into the ( ? pe pexip ? ) chat , that you can hear us . um yeah . so i do n't know what . uh , so barry is has disconnected . barry was not here . uh , okay . so the only , uh , - . the only person- . oh , he 's trying to reconnect . yeah . so , uh , chiara . since we- . yeah , we 'll se whether barry will be able to join or not . uh , what were your impressions ? ( ch ) well , uh , i have n't looked at the video before doing this demo . so that i , uh , would like to , uh , understand what i 'm really able to understand the from the automatic transcription and translation . uhhhh , i do not know , if you instead have the list of content presented ? so that you can check me , check i understood correctly . but , uh , my feedback is that . uhh . the part regarding dif , i , i , hmm , i identified at least , uhm , three different news . the first one was related to , uh , covid-19 . ehm , they had a an italian correspondent , uh , from a radio , or from a if i correctly remember , uh , and i probably there were the prime minister , uh , speech of the last days translated ? i do n't know . translated in french . the second news . i do n't get the topic . but it was a matter of honour , um , between persons , i do n't get the content . and i have to say that the last parter regarding , um , the pension reform , was much much clearer . em , and i think i got the point . uh , regarding the , uhm , uh , interface usability . ( o ) mhm . ( ch ) deep the fact that , uh , the presentation platform , not the world subtitle is displayed , uh , was a problem . uh , bec- . i do n't know , if it is a matter of resize of the window . but i think that in most of the time . and you can see it in my recording video . uh , the second line of the subtitle . uh , was , uhm , hidden , uh , in the black box . ( o ) that means that means that you , yeah , that means that your font size was too big , uh , given our setting of the number of characters that we put into one line . so if you changed your font size , one level below it would probably have fit , uh , but the the the final , uh , answer is that it needs to be the logic in the browser , uh , that breaks the lines . ( ch ) this is was- . this was a not that nice . i enabled all the three , uh , english subtitles flickering times . and i definitely prefer the third one- ( o ) which was , . ( ch ) it was the one , uh- which , uh , does n't flick , uh , too frequent . ( o ) um-hum . ( ch ) uh , regarding the online text flow . ( o ) um-hum . ( ch ) i really appreciated the , uh , paragraph representation since when i missed some part . i was able to scroll and re-read what has been said . what i disliked instead is the fact that the gray , uhm , and the not , uhm , consolidated dypo thesis . change is frequent , and it confuse me as , an user . ( o ) yeah . okay . ( ch ) it works pretty well . ( o ) yeah . yeah . yeah , the thats perfect , that 's that 's a perfect summary . uh , and you were also , compared to me , much better in getting what 's in the news . so , for me it was quite easy to follow some bits from the from the virus news . but i did n't get the details that there was some italian correspondent from somewhere , for example , that , uh , i did not get that at all . i know that there was some number a of , a of dead people , and they were con like they were talking about , uh , how do we keep of trust between the government and the people . uh , so they , they were uh , mainly ss preparing the the people , h , to keep the , to , to keep trusting the government . uh , because that 's the only , uh , security that that you have , in the very changing , uh , situation . and uhh- so this was that was quite , uh , followable for me . i did n't get the the italian , uh , reporter . then , there was something which i did n't understand at all , and i did n't even . so the you said that there was a topic that you did not follow , uh , either . you . and you identified there was it was this thing from the pension topic . i did n't even spot the the change from the unknown topic to the pension topic . so i thought it was two topics in , uh , in the talk the the the virus , and then pension , which was totally incomprehensible at the beginning . ( ch ) well , we have to first check it . because i 'm not 100 percent sure that there were the three different topic . ( o ) yeah , uh , so , uh , we have to see what what was the problem . what was the , uh , the middle topic , uh , if it was something keywork that was missing , so that we did n't get it . ( ch ) yes . ( o ) i was lost for pretty long- . yeah . ( ch ) i think that there are some , uh , per person names . uh , that we missed . and this probably made a mess in the translation issue . ( o ) yeah , yeah , so , so i also realised that when understanding- when trying to understand the text . i rely very much on my background knowledge . so that was the reason why i was able to understand , uh , the corona virus discussion . and the , uh , the discussion about the trust between the patients and the doctors and the governments and , and the health care system and the and the citizens . uh , because this is like general world knowledge , and also , i have some knowledge about the area of the current situation with the corona virus . then , uh , i was totally confused doing the second part . and then as suddenly the the word pension appeared there . and that occurred to me that i vaguely know from other news , uh , that there is this pension reform that has just been been accepted in france , or or something like that . uh , and there is a lot of , uh , negative , uh , response to that from from the people . and so there , uh , the key word in the in the output of the machine transitions system , uh , like started , uh , or brought all the little background knowledge that i have . and that suddenly helped me to understand somewhat . but i- uh . compared to you- . i did- i did- i do not have the impression at all that i have understood the message . so i do n't know at all what was the the message from the last part , i just realised that it is about pension reform , uh , pension reforms . so , maybe your background knowledge on that has helped you , or may- i 'm i 'm like trying to figure out how come that you understood the last part so well . uh . ( ch ) uh , i get that , well actually , i know nothing regarding the pension reform . especially the french one . if i , if i- i think that they are talking about , uh , a pension reform to be made in the next years . and why it 's important to make it . ( o ) mhm . ( ch ) and why is . yes , why is so important to apply this new kind of reform and uh . ( o ) yeah , yeah . okay , so , so your background knowledge is not any better than mine . so maybe the error that i made was , uh , i was attempting to like catch up . so , uh , i was like scrolling little bit back and scrolling forward and , uh , uh , thereby i actually uh , disturbed my own concentration . so that 's . i think that 's the critical point if the user is fully concentrated on the paragraph view , not disturbed by the the gray flicker , uh , and only follows the content . then it 's , uh , it it works . you can get the message . but as soon as you as your thoughts wander , or wal like walk around . or as you are trying to catch up with something . you immediately start losing , uh , the content . so , uh , this is different from listening to language that you understand . if you are listening to a language you understand , you do not need to pay attention to it . and still you get the recording , you get the transcript in your head . here to get the transcript , sort of , you really have to read it . so that 's , that 's totally critical . and , uh , i 'm wondering whether do n't not in the not well for the congress or maybe not within elitr at all , but whether it would actually make sense to to have your , uh , your mother tongue produced by machine translation , spoken to your ears . which would relief your reading ability , and it would give you the chance to , uh , to like have this transcript , uh , collected in your head for free . in the same way , as as i get it , if i if i listen to , to the radio . but , yeah . that 's a , that 's just a side question . so , uh , essentially my messa and my , my take home message from the looking at the outputs is that i could not follow the subtitles at all , because we also had this font too big , because we were juggling with the windows . and in the second lie was , line was never shown there . uh , so the subtitles were of , of no use to me , and even when when i reduced the font size . uh , still , it was jumping too fast . s- so i and i did n't have time to figure out which one is the lowest flicker , so that i could follow the the lowest flicker . i was , uh , mainly , uh , trying to follow the paragraph view and there it worked pretty well . but still , there were some , uh , uh , like ugly jumps . so what was not bad for me was the too many changes in the gray part . if the grey part is , two or three lines long . thats totally ok . uh , but if the , uh , yeah if the greyish text becomes longer , then i suddenly start reading text , and then it can become disturbing . and the most annoying observation or most the annoying situation that i had was when this long paragraph , which was dark grey , turned black . and it made a big jump in the column . uh , so that that unsmooth , uh , jump was was the annoying most annoying bit but if i would decides to ignore flicker or whatsoever , then it 's uh , em , and so i would like actually hide it . so that 's something that ota is working on anyway . to have just one switch , which would say , '' i do not want to see any of the grey output at all . '' if , if the gray output is is hidden , then i think that following the the paragraph view , is is easy . uh , and if we do not run into the mistranslational or out of vocabulary problems , then it is really usable . uh , so it is still needs the full attention , uh , but it is , it is usable . having said that , the long paragraphs are still a problem . so we should really focus on the segmenter , uh , so that we have as small units , uh , of translation as possible . it must not be worse , obviously . uh , but if we can go for clauses or something like that . then it would do the best for for the user . yeah . ( ch ) may i ask you to sangeet to share the piper used during the demo ? ( o ) yeah . we can share the piper . ( s ) yeah , i i 'll upload the- . ( ch ) thank you . ( o ) yeah , yeah . and we also have comment from barry that the . he says that the paragraph view is much easier than the subtitle view . because you can see the the history . yeah . ( s ) ( o ) yeah , so , uh . i do n't know if i understand correctly sangeet what you are saying . uh , you are saying that , and nobody actually follows the subtitles ? so . ( s ) many people . i have seen people watching different paragraph ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , the paragraph view . yes . so so far , we have very little uh . yeah , okay . so barry- barry is complaining about the the way the paragraph view moved without his control . uh , so barry was obviously or that 's my guess . barry was reading the paragraph view from the top to bottom , uh , and , he would prefer to scroll it manually as he reads . i guess . uh , and maybe ga gather longer delay , compared to the original sound . uh , yeah , uh while the sub- . the paragraph view is now uh , trying to keep the level . so it makes you . it makes it easier for you to to follow the most up to date , uhm , the text , or most up to date information , and the history is harder to access . uh , i think it is , uh , a yeah it is . i think it is it is possible it will- . we will simply , uh , avoid the- . we will disable the scrolling . so the new feature that could be considered for the paragraph view is that the scrolling will be fully manual . so you will be listening and you would be manually , uh , clicking scroll down , and the text will be growing at the at the bottom only . and if you stopped clicking , uh , then suddenly , uh , like you will stay at , on the page where where you are . so that 's that's- . this view , ehm , this manual scrolling , uh , is good for people who want to follow everything . at the cost of , uh , mhm , like gath gathering the delay and also at the cost of having to to manually , uh , scroll , uh , that screen . but but it 's definitely not usable for any setup where you do n't have buttons on there . yeah i would have make summarisation . yeah , yeah , yeah . ha ha , okay . so it works for felix now . so this , this room will get busy with students in fifteen minutes . uh , i do not know , the weather ss , yes . felix i do n't know whether your microphone works . whether you can still say anything . ( f ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yes , yeah . okay , well , you should have rebooted before , before the session . that 's why i always use this this windows machines that i never use them for anything else but phone calls . and i regularly , uh , check for updates and reboot several times before the session . so i spend half half a day is just setting up the machine for the call . and that , and that works for . yes . so felix , did you have any chance to , to , see the subtitles , or the paragraph view during the video play back . ( f ) no , i did n't see anybody , ( ? ? ) . i saw nothing . ( o ) yeah . so you did n't . you did n't follow the ( ? pexip ? ) or the paragraph view ? ( f ) i was so busy to ( ? ? ? ) to work i did n't ( ? ? ? ) sorry . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . okay , uh , so do we know how good the french asr was ? yes , uh , we have no idea exactly . we have no idea . how good the french asr was . uhh . ( f ) were you able to follow the talk or ? ( o ) yeah that 's that 's what we discussed . so this , uh , this session is actually being recorded . so , uh , you can hear the description of chiara afterwards . we will we 'll share the recording of , of this . because , chiara was- she was pretty successful . i would say , like half way successful , which is pretty good . ( f ) so i can i can say from this point of view like the the requirement that we had for the the development of this so far . so on like to translate usually the it should n't necessarily be so that you can just listen to , just read the transcription . and from that , you properly understand . the idea was always that these asr systems were developed for us for the lecture translator . and for that it 's like the students are sitting in the lecture hall . they can hear the the speech , which they do n't really understand . and they can see the the presenter and they can read the transcripts , and from that all together from all those sources together , they will be able to to follow the talk . so . and i guess you have the original talk here as well , so hopefully that will be enough . ( o ) yes , except it was french . so , there it was a set up where- i , i , yes i do remember . a couple of words where i understood the french word , and then i spotted it in the translation . uh , of so that that is so it is could be similar to the situation that you are describing . where you maybe a little bit understand the original language . and i think in the lecture translator , if the lecture is on maths , then it 's actually easier to to follow . because there there the terminology is somewhat more international , than the politics or our , yeah , or regulations , and and management of of of health and the pension reform . so maybe the synchronisation with the unknown language , works easier for for maths . yeah , listening to tv news without pictures is not always easy . that 's that 's what , uh , barry writes . yeah , uh , so i had one more observation , and that was , uh , we are also planning to work , uh , on some censorship . so that bad words , do not get into the outputs . uh , and this , uh , was planned to be particularly important for the high school students , but since the the fair is cancelled , because of the virus , then we are not putting any , any pressure on this anymore . but i realised , uh , here . it was in the middle part of the talk , where i did n't understand anything i just spotted sentence , where they said , '' the whole thing is managed by animals . '' and i do n't know whether , whether this insult was really said in french or whether it is- so , i 'm , i 'm mentioning this because our censorship whatever it is , it will definitely have no chance in spotting , uh , such insults as `` the whole thing is managed by animals '' . yeah . okay , so we 've gained a few , a few new things to . ah , felix we , we getting to see you . thats amazing . yeah . so let 's , les't digest what we have learned from this lesson . we 'll share the recording of of this but it does not include the- . so chiara has the screen cast of the subtitles , right ? so chiara 's video in synchronisation with the recording of this call would be th- the best way to to look at it . if you want to replay , uh , replay that session , uh , just as a reminder of what we have observed . and , uh , what , how how do we proceed , uh , uhm , in like with this goal in , in the future . so the goal of this of this french watching session , was to assess the real usability for the users . so how do we work on the real usability ? we know how to proceed in asr model improvements , in segmenter model improvements . we have gained a few tips for the user interfaces here , what to do . i think that the best set up , chiara that you can- . that you should focus on is the , uh , uhm , is the combination of that paragraph on in the side pane , and then the video or the slides in the in the main pane . ( ch ) actually , i can- . i would like to test a different kind of a- we already talk about it . different kind of presentation approach , uh , which she introduced a small delay , but based on our experience , makes the subtitles be a real subtitles and much more readable , uh , for the end user . this is the reason i ask the sangeet . ( o ) the pipeline . for the pipeline would like to try to make some , some test . maybe next week , or today . ehm . let 's see . ( o ) yeah , yeah , okay . ( ch ) yes . we are also going through the revision of the presentation platform . ehm . so this was really interesting also for the user experience of the web application . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so so barry , barry was successful in finding the french original . well , the the the surround script , i guess ? as i do n't , i 'm not able to read it . and i do n't know whether `` grs '' means is governed or run by or managed by . i recognised the animals . and so maybe it was an asr error . uh , so , so , back to my question , uhm , for the usability ? how do we proceed with the overall usability . i suggest that not in , not the next week . but maybe in two weeks from now , uh , when we had gathered some further improvements again . across the board . we should try another french watching session , uh , but we should focus on more things . a so . we should be better prepared in in the sense that we would , for example , be able to measure the asr qual- . ehm , we will know the asr quality . so we should pick something where there is a gold standard transcript for the french , and- . uh . yeah . so this is- yeah . so the , so the next french watching session should be run on the test set which we have objective measures for . so that 's , thats it . so we- . this is what we are working on for the iwslt shared task . uh , uh , uh . em , to solve that 's that 's a question for felix , actually , as well . have you received the mail by dominik and for barry as well . that we are like working , or putting together a submission to the share task , which i 'm organising , and it is still not not not ready properly . uh , but the elitr system should be evaluated by objective measures in in that . in english to , uh , czech and german translation . and , uh , with these objective measures , uh , in place . we should run the next french watching session as well . so that would be french to czech and german and english . for example . so another set up , but the same technical tools . and , uh , the we should , uh , use this for the next transition net next french watching session to establish , uh , uhm , relation between our observation our impression and the objective measures . so that we know how good or bad asr word error rate of of six is and , uh , how good a bleu score of of forty is . so whatever the numbers are . yeah . so this is . yeah . so let 's let 's let 's plan it like that . sorry ? ( f ) there is an alternative ( ? ? ) . ant the others can follow ( ? ? ? ) ( o ) i i did n't get . sorry because of the song , sound quality , so , no no no its its like- . it 's okay . but it is it is just speak slower . and the yeah thats it . ( f ) well , instead of having a talk with the gold transcript we could have a talking say in german or czech . that someone wants to understand and the rest tries to follow and the native speakers can estimate how good the match to what is said is . ( o ) so what you are saying , that native speakers would be watching the asr and checking the asr quality , uh , and speakers who do not speak the language would be checking the , uh , the translation quality , uh , but- . ( f ) but the native speakers can also check the translation . ( o ) you can do it at the same time . so that 's that 's the problem of , of like , uh , overload of of the brain . but we have we already have a number of czech talks that were transcribed . so , uh , we can- . we would . yeah , ee , we will figure out which which of the source videos would be the best . czech could be an option because we have the transcriptions . if we find something from the european parliament , uh , which is in french . then we can do it there as well . and i would slightly prefer to follow a language that i do not speak . then i- . because then i have the- . then i can make my own assessments as well . yeah . so italian . i would be happy with italian . if we chose an italian source video . then we can also test italian asr . so this is something which we do not need for the congress , uh , but we the that plan in elitr anyway . i think . yeah . so i think that the the first set , we should try would be indeed , uh , french , because that is one of the languages we need . or possibly russian , which i do not speak either , and we also need it in principle . uh , yeah , uh . so , so , i do not see much benefit from your proposals felix , uh , because it 's the compared to my proposal , my proposal is to select something where we have the objective measures for . and i think we should be able to find something . you are probably proposing the simpler set up in case , we do not find anything with objective measures , right ? yeah , yeah . okay , so this room is it going to get students very soon . and i think that we should pack it here . uh , and if you do not have any further comments now . please still try to go over your experience and put that into the french watching , uh , session document . and we will share the recording of this ( ? pexip ? ) call and chiara , uh , it would be great if you could share the the recording that of your of your screen with the subtitles . ; ( ch ) sure . ( o ) and the i think that it would definitely earlier the regular elitr call . and there we will discuss whether we- when do we run the next french watching session . ( ch ) okay , thank you . ( f ) okay . ( o ) yeah . so thanks to all of you participated , uh , and yeah it 's it 's always a new experience , so it 's , i i like it . so thanks very much . and the next time will make sure that everybody reboots their machine a couple of times before . before the call . this this machine is also asking for reboot . okay . thank you . thanks . ( f ) bye bye . ( ch ) thank you . bye-bye . ( o ) yeah .", "tgt": "original french sound with translation to german , english and czech with continuous translation , subtitling and paragraph text view . slightly different screen set-ups across the user board . three levels of flickering for english and german . synchronised online video watching . screen recording performed for the future review and a demo video creation . the original technical system spec request is structured as a lecture translator . varying degree of user experience due to poor connection . some of the participants were not able to communicate and to assess fully the set-up functionalities , video or sound quality . information and the message in the video were well transmitted and understood . some degree of dependency on the background knowledge of the topic for some users . in the interface usability subtitling is hard to follow and improvements are required . the browser and segmenter need to be updated to break up the lines differently for enhanced user experience . online text flow paragraph view proven more beneficial and easier to follow than the subtitling . really appreciated as a catch-up tool as it offers text history . an option to introduce full manual scrolling and longer time delay between the text and the original sound to be explored - now the paragraph view follows the most up to date text , history can be harder to access which doesnt suit all users . the least frequent flickering time proven the most beneficial . no assessment of french asr output was performed . recording to be shared in the format of screen cast in synchronisation with the recording of the call . different presentation tool introducing longer time delay is to be tested . presentation platform to be revised . better preparation in terms of ability to assess asr output . source videos to be selected . the next french session should be run on a video where the asr output can be calculated by objective measures , ideally with gold standard transcript . in the same fashion as the iwslt share task . the next french watching session should be run from french to english , german and czech . different set-up but the same technical tools . in the next session the relation between the personal impressions and the objective measures should be established . in order to ascertain how the word error rate scale projects to the personal user experience . censorship of content for high school students . mother tongue translation to the ear whilst reading the paragraph view to relieve the reading ability . next session scheduled in two weeks time , i.e . on or around 20 . 03 . 2020"}
{"src": "( on ) yeah so , ehm , okay . so , i hope that 's the session is already being recorded . if not then please start recording . yes , yes . okay , so . session is being recorded . thank you . uhm , yes . so there is one thing to start with . uhm . and that 's the availability of pervoice for the upcoming elitr call that 's not related for what what the technical things that we want to discuss today at all . uhm . but i would like to remind dario of this doodle . so , dario if you could fill uhm this doodle poll , it 's only selecting the day for now . uh , but we need to announce the day two weeks had uhm so that we are uhm we are according to the constitution agreement . so that 's why we need to choose the day now . ( da ) yeah , you really uhm field my data . uhm . i will also can ask chiara to fill the to fill uhm the avalabiality the doodle . and my only concern is but i will not be in the office from 23rd to 2nd of may . to april 23rd to may the second . so i only have the next week , not next week uhm the the following one . ( on ) the weeks . and the the first of the two is , so fifteen - . ( da ) fifteen , seventeen . ( on ) fifteen and seventeen . uhm . yes , so hopefully we will be able to to find the date uhm . yeah . okay . so we will we will . ( d ) currently it seems that uh , probably one of the best fitting would be april the sixteen . ( on ) yes , so hopefully uhm yeah . if will work out that way , hopefully . actually write it down in my callendar right away . sixteen , that 's tuesday . so that should be uhm - no april , may . okay . yeah . uhm . call . i 'm already taking a note uhm in to my callendars . so hopefully this will work out . thank you . uhm , uhm . so . another thing is uhm that if you have any photos from the trade fair . that will be great . i sent you an email uhm . some days ago . uhm and sh- in that email i 'll send you - . sorry . i just want to disable some stupid thing , how do i disable this ? uh-huh , hard crowed disk indeed never when i click uhm - . where is remove ? ( da ) remove from chrome ? ( on ) remove from chrome . yes . remove . okay . ( ? another language ? ) kdo to ud\u011blal ? okay . yes . sorry . i 'm . uhm . yeah . i i lost the document for second , because it was uhm like uhm all the time showing some crazy overlay tool ( dates ) , that ( quality ) . uhm , ehm , yeah , so uh , yeah . ( da ) we checked if you have in eh available for sharing the little ( ? ? ) i have very ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes . so we have uhm even very few could be useful as you know , we have already post , as you may know we have already post the news item on the elitr website on this . and we are also putting together uhm a little video uhm on that session . and we have your recordings and colleague of mine is looking at those , and i 've like put them in some order into a little screenplay for this . so you are in , unless the technical quality proves to be too bad . but but it seems that uhm it it should work out , at least from what i have seen . uh . so when we have the video . we will show you , uhm will let you know , and also any pictures that you have maybe better than those that we have already , because like none of us was obviously concentrated on taking pictures so that 's fine . ( da ) i 'm just checking , i do n't think i have any really useful uhm picture . i only have a couple of big of pictures of the empty booth , so . ( on ) that 's could be useful as well and empty b- , because we we actually . i do n't think we have a good picture of the booth . we have one in the video , so that , it even depending on what what exactly is in the booth . i think that that could be useful . ( da ) yeah . we 'll send it to you right now . ( on ) okay , yeah . thank you . uhm , so . now the next thing on the uhm agenda uhm is this uhm wiring detailed plan . and i 'm not sure if you are uhm seeing this at the moment . so i might be sharing . it is too small . but do you see any any drawing ? ( da ) yes , but i had opened the linker and uhm i took at ( on ) okay , you can look at the drawing directly . so maybe the problem is also the fact that uhm i 'm sharing only one crontab , and not sh- uhm and not the whole window or something like that . so uh , can you please confirm than the drawing is uhm is more less correct . so we need to have specific . but when you have very detailed description for both the workshop , which happens in june . and also for the eurosai congress . and this drawing is for the eurosai congress . which is in a year from now . but still it needs to be uhm put into the tender for like call for tenders . and it will take months or half years to to have this call for tenders like uhm properly run and and decided . so that 's why we need to describe the setting already now . uhm , so this is for the uh , for the eurosai congress , where we are supposed to be a translating and transcribing the main session uhm . and also some workshops , and for the main session there will be uhm this . well do we know what we will be subtitling the main project , the main presentation , or uhm what is known about the the set up of the - . this is a question to to sao . what is known about the set up uhm of of the main presentation , and the plenary conferences . ( mi ) i think it 's it is plan . i 'm not sure if you do review allowed to concern subtitles in there . but i hope we will . ( on ) yes . so so we should we should plan for the option that we are actually allowed to intercept the main projecting screen and add subtitles to that which would be obviously only the language of the speaker . so limited number of languages . but at the same time , we expect that everybody in the audience will have their cell phones or whatever devices . ( mi ) we will be renting tablets for everyone . we will be there will be know ( ? ? ) connection in there . ( on ) yeah , so there will be many wireless user devices uhm at the congress . and everybody should be able to uhm connect to a specific website to see the live subtitles in whatever languages they choose . uhm so uh , i do n't know the the second person from sao uhm is also involved in the exact like set up of that . ( da ) not really . but our only person familiar with audio . ( on ) okay . yeah , yeah . so uhm so in in ( essence ) the set up should be similar to what we had of the fair uh . but uh this needs to be described precisely for for the call for tenders , because some uhm outside company will provide uhm old hardware that we ask for . ( da ) yes , the problem is audio mix and sounds of for all of this stuff . ( on ) i did n't quite understand . the sound mixer they will have some sound mixer uhm but we need to say what it should be capable of . ( on ) so - ( da ) exactly . ( da ) i mean to finalise this drawing with the details of the audio mixer and video mixer . ( ? ? ) how many and how they have to be connected the one each other . ( on ) . yeah . so uhm this is something that we have to describe ourselves , because the company is not known . and this , we need to provide description complete description from our side , and whatever the company will be chosen afterwards , they will accomodate to this , that 's my understanding . so what should we add drawing uhm to have all the important details about the mixing . my uhm level of description was was pretty like high-level . i only said that we expect that there would be some english sound that we could get hold off through an ( excel hour ) cable that 's the lower part of the drawing , or rca cable or ts / trs the small or larger jack once one per language . this is my this is my expectations . do we need to provide any more details ? uhm for the call for tenders ? ( da ) we need to specify the uhm audio mixer that needs need to be available and how what kind of output way have to provide to the input of the booth . so for example , you know , as we have seen . we need the let me say the ( ? ? ) and copy of the output of the microphone . it is for the amplifier . ( on ) oh , so so what what we used in practice uhm was the what we used in practise was the phone like the the headphones output from the mixer . ( da ) yeah ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah . and and milo\u0161 was told this will not be available . so uhm what you suggest is that you have that is that we get the direct copy from the microphone . but then that 's difficult thing , because as you see in my drawing either we uhm need to get the microphone from the english speaker , which is the main microphone somewhere in in the front , or we need the microphones from the interpreters booths producing english . ( sa ) and well , i hope there will be some auxiliary output from the uhm audio mixer ( builded ) not be sufficient ? ( da ) you have to be the it has to be the audio uhm from the microphone before any mixing or any uhm amplifier . so before the amplifiers . so it has to be the most clean audio as possible . ( sa ) well , given that the audio mixer will be digital , uhm if we can get any digital output uhm that sounds okay for me . ( da ) okay . okay , i think so , can you - . ( on ) ( ? ? ) that its be written down to the drawing . ( sa ) yes , now , we will need to know uhm which digital audio output you can handle . ( da ) okay . we will have . yeah . we have to check which kind of uhm digital audio , okay . if you can add this info into the uhm drawing going that . ( on ) so where uhm . so , where should we put this ? uhm maybe- ( 11 ) i think near to main audio mixer . ( da ) yeah . it has to be the microphones will be connected to the mean audio mixer . and then from the audio mixer there would be the need to have the uhm digital output uhm to the booth . for both listening and uhm asr . ( mi ) yeah . ( ? another language ? ) booth znamen\u00e1 n\u011bjakou va\u0161i krabici , \u017ee ? ( on ) so dario when you say booth you mean the booth of the interpreters . ( ? another language ? ) ( da ) yes , yes , interpreters booth , sorry . ( sa ) ( ? another language ? ) bas je my\u0161leno jako sb\u011brnice . ( on ) bas je sb\u011brnice , no . ale co bude digit\u00e1ln\u00edho ? ( ? another language ? ) sorry for switching in czech . what is plans to be digital ? uhm , if i 've never work with digital microphones . so i would aspect that digital microphone is something which connects to usb as opposed to uh , the audio input of of the computer . but that 's the only thing that i can imagine , but there is probably better hardware . so , what what what does uhm digital microphone connect to work provide . ( 11 ) but that 's sometimes funny because the wireless connection is digital but then it 's plain ( ? ? ) for the ( ? ? ) again , yes . ( on ) again , yes . ( 11 ) that sometimes happens ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yes , what uhm s- ( sa ) but when the mixer is digital than it should m- digital once again . but then to stay digital , i believe . but- ( on ) so , how do we how do we get that ? how do we ensure that this is uhm- so i 'm sharing exchange to show the whole screen so that you can see they the drawing . so i 'm , i 'm not really sure , where should i uhm where should i add this into the drawing , because it is something which like applies to all the , uh , all the different languages . ( sa ) yeah . it it is something between the speaker and the interpreters booth . ( on ) yeah , so dario you are in your thinking , are you planning to capture the output of the interpreters as well , or not ? because what i had in mind and what what is illustrating in this picture is that whoever speaks english , we will get that english sound in uhm and from one input . uhm . so this , this requires someone clever to like decide whether we are getting the main uhm the main microphone . or the output of the interpreter 's booth . and maybe this set up is not a good idea . maybe you are thinking differently , maybe you are thinking that we are only taking the main microphone . and uhm we are totally ignoring interpreters booth or something else . so what it - . ( sa ) uhm still have to think about that . but i think uhm getting the interpreter ( schools ) audio could be really useful in any case . ( on ) yes , yes , i think so . so uhm in in short . so let 's uhm what should i what should i how should i record this . so uhm . we need uhm uhm as original sound from the microphones as possible . i believe the digital sound or these two signal captured at the microphone uhm . we need- i 'm writing to the google document , i hope that you you can see that . we need this from booth main microphone of the plenary session . as well as uh for each of the languages uhm from interpreters ' booths that uhm we can process which is english , german uhm then we we promiss that in elitr to have also french and czech . i should write czech before german , czech , french , we promise some italian . so i was curious in the ( ? ? ) question if you will be doing that or uhm italian and spanish uhm we also promised some russian , right ? ( ? another language ? ) 2 , 4 , 6 , 7 . ( ? another language ? ) so this should be- this should be all the languages that we ideally , would be able to process , right ? ( 11 ) i think there will be ones extra . i think it . ( on ) italian is extra . so - ( 11 ) ( ? ? ) to language i think ? ( on ) yes , so so what was the uhm- ( 11 ) there should be five plus czech . ( on ) five plus czech . okay . so italian is uhm to that's and it 's there - . will there be italian interpreters or not at all ? ( 11 ) i think so . ( on ) okay . yeah . ( 11 ) are you remember ( ? ? ) eurosai type set uhm . ( on ) yeah . ( 11 ) i think italian is simple project pervoice only . ( on ) okay . yeah , so italian is only like for your interests . so to say . uhm so how should we describe this ? and and also one more thing is the diarization . uhm , so we know uhm that uhm if we if we ask the company to give us the main uhm stage microphone , then we need to figure out what language is spoken there at the moment . if we uhm ask the company as as i have drawn here to provide us with the english sound . it would be their responsibility to like mix it for us . but then uhm they are like touch touching the signal , and we are not uhm getting the very raw signal . so i do n't know what is better ? ( 11 ) can you can you please repeat because it was n't as clear to me , what what do you mean ? ( on ) yeah . so uhm i 'm i 'm thinking what should be the exact wording of the description of what we need . if i use the wording being that is in the google document now , which says we need this which is the uhm the microphone signal from both the main microphone as well as of uhm from the interpreters booths . that would be one per language . that means that if the speaker speaks english , uhm we will have as like we will have to run english asr on the uhm main microphone uhm . and if the speakers speaks german , we would have to run a german asr on the main microphone . so we would need to know what language is being spoken at the main uhm stage . if we- ( 11 ) yeah . ( on ) if we ignore the main uhm stage uhm microphone uhm all together . and if we follow our drawing uhm which says give us the english sound , give us the czech sound , give us the german sound , then we do not need to do the diarization . or the different languages , because the company will do it for us . but then we are reliant on uhm we relying on them not not distorting the signal . so uhm like they will do something with the signal to select from the main microphone or from the interpreters booth . and there is risk that they will some home miss handle it . ( 11 ) yeah and and this is also something that is ( men while ) . so it also uhm . ( on ) at the conference normally . because uh , i 'm i 'm really afraid that some uhm uhm interpreters may even work in more languages . and they decide on the spot which booth which cabine will emit which uhm which language . ( mi ) yes , that 's what 's expected that actually . ( on ) yeah . so how does it work for the final like end users who follow normal interpreters booth . i think they have like a selector of channels ? ( mi ) yes , they use own wireless transmitters and they own receiver with channels . ( on ) yeah , and the channels are like uhm uhm set for languages , so . ( mi ) i think so . ( on ) so you like uhm you when when you are getting this device as a participant at the conference , you know that if you want to listen to spanish , you 'll select channel five . and if the if the main speaker speaks spanish , what happens ? ( mi ) i think that 's undefined . ( on ) yeah . ( da ) but , i do n't know . ( 11 ) put the phones and to listen to - . ( on ) directly . yeah . so i think maybe if we ask for uhm the set up that , i have drawn . and additionally uhm also the set up from the main microphone . then we could be able to diagnose what language is being spoken from the fag that uhm the english sound from the interpreter is is silent . i do n't know . dario ? ( da ) hm , i do n't know either uhm . ( on ) the problem is that we will ( ? ? ) the company . the company will be contacted in two months from now . the first companies will be contacted . and then all of them will describe in detail how they will do it . they were describing solution , how much sao should pay for that solution , and then sao will have some criteria . and these criteria- we can hope uhm ( elect ) . we can say what should be in the criteria . but that 's it . it will run like uhm offline deterministicly without our intervention . and some company will be decided . and only then once this this happens , which will be in half year from now the soonest . uhm only then we can talk directly to the company . so the question is , what should be right ? so the the best possible company uhm is is chosen . ( 11 ) it was also suggested that perhaps we could ask the company to ( rout ) the translated streams that to do main mixure and we would get it there . but i do n't know about will be interfaces if they capture all the channels or if they output just the one that 's going out . uhm , that something if you know that without because i think at least in the case of the more expensive option dante i think there you get all the channels that go to the mixer in respect if of when they are selected or not . ( on ) ehm . ( 11 ) or that what i would assume . ( on ) yes . so that's- are you going that 's a question for sao , are dante is too expensive , or are you- ( 11 ) well , it is more expensive . so the others , which has britain in the agenda now would be preferable . ( on ) yeah , okay . so , there is the is fifty ultra net ise view and dante . so , dario , uhm do you have any experience with any of these uhm digital interfaces ? ( da ) not , just the dante one . ( on ) yeah . so if it was dante , uhm . just just so that i understead technical things . if it was dante , then everywhere is internet wiring . and that various devices probably have some whatever fingerprints or that somehow know what what should be directed somewhere and it 's all software . and then we can simply uhm connect to uhm this dante ( bas ) . and then uhm we need something which would grab the the appropriate packets that are relevant like for for that like - what i have in the picture labelled as elitr notebook for english intput or elitr notebook for czech input um . how many uhm so with the a- you said that you 've work with dante uhm so you need the dante sound card or how does it work ? or is there a software sound card ? you principally could just software sound card ? dario , ehm have you ever recorded the dante sound to a notebook ? have you ever sent it to the pervoice platform ? ( da ) but notebook we have a part of ours working with dante . and as far as i remember , it 's supposed to be a software decoding . but i have to double check with the with the this part ( ? ? ) . ( on ) okay , so so you do n't have - you have n't done it yourself . but you have a , uh , like a company that uhm that has used uhm the pervoice platform , and they have shipped signal from dante to platform . ( da ) yes . exactly . ( on ) yeah , so uhm the problem is that we need this description by friday at the latest , right ? ( da ) and it would still work i think . ( on ) yeah . yeah uhm- ( 11 ) it was last friday but uhm - ( on ) it was actually the the last friday . but - ( 11 ) the next friday it should be still possible to sneak an some technical details . ( on ) ehm , uhm so how she - ( ? ? ) by the way the internet should also be ethernet like but without ip . so it wo n't go to switches and ( ? ? ) all this stuff , ( on ) ehm . ( ? ? ) but it 's still should be possible i think to get a normal at work that . ( da ) i ca n't hear you . as far as i know dante has its own software . available for both windows and mac too get audio from dante network . ( on ) um-hum . so . what one needs to do only is to connect the notebook with mac or windows to this same ethernet uhm and then it will suddenly uh like the software can record the audio from some of the channels that that run over the network , right ? ( da ) yep . ( mi ) well , so that 's a good question , because even if the mixer has dante everything else will be done as if it had n't i think . so it should be also explicitly said that the mixer will put the required channels uhm on the bas . i 'm i 'm not sure how do mixers work , perhaps they do always do it . but i 'm not sure ? ( on ) yeah . so , um , i think we have to leave that so uhm - can we demand dante ? would it make our lives easier ? or or not really like ? i 'm not sure ? it definitely makes life little harder for sao . ( mi ) yes . so we would uhm we would be - aaa willing to provided if you say you can really work with it and you will . ehm if you do n't do be quite angry . ( on ) yeah . so the other options . uhh . they are like it 's uhm assume that it 's well , something which is limited to two channels is definitely not not an option . uhm . ( 11 ) unless there 's one for each - ( on ) yeah . i think that - ( da ) uh , we do n't have experience on the our options . near us neither our partners . ( on ) yeah . ( da ) that 's why we would like to move on dante because we have this part of with experience some dante and use these with our software . ( on ) yeah , and was the scale comparable to what what is the planned that the eurosai . so uhm was it in the the case that uhm around six languages that we that you were recording or the the partner was was recording six input channels uhm uhm or well six languages . and maybe the 7th for the for the main microphone . uhm was was it that large scale , or was it smaller ? ( da ) i have to check with my partner , because you know it 's it 's not something he could maybe he can not disclose this information now . ( on ) yes , yes . yeah . well , what we simply need an estimated whether uhm dante is capable of of this . i do n't know . i would expect uhm it is possible . but it is the same network that will we will use for also the communication like after for for the communication to the to the mediator . uhm . i believe . so - ( da ) that 's sure . ( on ) yeah . ( mi ) i think it 's definitely best to keep the audio support . and not use the network for the other ( ? ? ) . ( on ) okay , but then if we have uhm this audio network even if it 's dante uhm then you need the second internet card for each of the devices . so it 's uhm this is this is a complicated hardware set up . so uhm in my set up which was analog sound , it assumed that we have one notebook per language , and we can definitely find enough notebooks for this . and each of the notebooks needs to be connected to the internet and get the . uh , get the sound and send it to the uhm pervoice mediator . uhm but with the dante set up i 'm not sure how many noteb- notebooks would we need . like one per language or or not ? that 's that 's difficult question , and we are not sure whether it h- h- it has to be different internet wiring for the sound for the dante and for the network . i would assume as milo\u0161 says , it 's it 's better to give them separate . so it would need uhm one notebook per language and uhm two internet cards uhm like two internet plugs uhm per notebook . ( 11 ) if it should be fine with one notebook if it has sufficient power which should not be that high . ( on ) yeah , yeah . that's- just audio . it 's just audio but six channels at the same time . ( 11 ) it 's still just audio . ( on ) yes , so dario . what , what do you what do you think ? it's- what is more risky ? ( da ) now , i i i know it 's aaa only audio but ehm i i think it would be better to keep ehm data audio data and network traffic uhm separated just because uhm ehm it is important not to have consestion on the audio network . so keep keep it them uhm distinguished ehm uhm can guarantee uhm ( no ) network consestion due to internet traffic . i would say . ( on ) yeah . yeah . so we- so that could make it quite expensive , uhm because we need the ethernet cards or uhm quite risky , because we would n't use the same network for the audio and the notebooks . ( 11 ) so all you can bring a notebook computer for the task . ( on ) we do n't have that many desktops , there would be available . ( 11 ) in the server ? ( on ) yeah . well , is a blade servers . correct . ( da ) ( ? ? ) one i think , but i to collect all the audio we will need one pc for each language . ( on ) yeah . yeah . i i think so . just to be uhm like on the safe side , because if something fails , you can debug the than fixing to language by language as well , ( 11 ) one technical ( ? ? ) . ( on ) no no , only one languages being spoken at the moment . so uhm so the the few technicians can focus on the on the more important machine at the moment . hm so yes . so my drawing is is correct in the part elitr notebook for uhm language . but it 's wrong ehm in ehm the lowest part uhm the the speakers . so we do n't want . this is so the so - here , i think that i should re- redraw it . and i should simply say that we want the sound from the speaker to one more notebook . dario . ( da ) yes . ( on ) yeah . so so i 'll i 'll redraw uhm the drawing so that we 've one more notebook for the like main stage uhm uhm input uhm . and uhm then we will somehow uhm either manually or automatically based on the activity or inactivity on the various uhm outputs from the booths . we will have to decide what language is the current main channel in . and then uhm like is is it difficult in in the pervoice platform to relabel uhm client that- so how do you- yeah that 's it . so how do many of these notebooks connects to the same mediator ? so far we have always run one client and not a same clients ? ( da ) where can be multiple clients connecting to the same mediator . this is not an issue at all . ( on ) but all of them are providing something which needs to be like operated on jointly . so it 's not separate sessions . it 's not one notebook per uhm uhm per lang- like all of them are providing inputs uhm to the set up . and then uhm the translation is is run , uhm not like we 're not running all of the many the translation engines . we want to run multilingual translation engines . so any of the separate notebooks after the asr can provide input to the multilingual translation uhm system . so that 's that 's the hard part . i know that the- ( da ) but it 's not something that 's done at the laptop , because uh , you know , when you ask for uhm ehm - . ( on ) session ? ( da ) for a session this is done by the mediator involving the ehm the uhm the workers . so if we have six laptops ehm uhm these corresponds to six sessions into the in the a mediator . each one targeting one source language . ( on ) yeah . so that uhm the set up than for us would be uhm like from , that that 's hard . how do how would how do we provide the uhm the 23 output languages ? ehm because we need to join these sessions in the mediator uhm in then based on the available empty systems , decide which of them are the best ones to use . so there could be direct ( fair ) in some cases , or there could be pivoting via english . and if you are doing pivoting- let 's let 's say that we are doing pivoting via english . so if the input is in english . then and and let 's say that the final step is multilingual system that goes from english into all the languages . uh . so then you need to select the session coming from the main in uhm uhm main input notebook if the main speaker speaks english . but then you need to switch to the english uhm sound , if uhm he speaks russian . and our russian asr is horrible . uh , so we . we take the extra delay of the interpreter , and then use uhm use the english sound . and if our german asr is good . and the main speaker speaks german , we needs uhm then again switched to the uhm the the main microphone and use german asr on it . and then this german needs to be translated to english . and then this english needs to be translated to all the target languages . so there is a fair bit of logic . and both the sound switching and also at the translations switching . and this is something that needs to be like flexible during the day . so we do n't want to stop the notebook , stop the uhm clients running at all the all the notebooks to to to have them connect to a new session or ( ? ? ) . so i do n't know how to set this up uhm at the moment . ( da ) yeah . but but but i think that that basically what we are saying , is that that was the need of a director . human director . but selects what 's needs to be uhm . let me say uhm published to check if the as you say if the russian is horrible , the director ( ? ? ) switch to the english interpreter , for example . so every language , every input language has uhm have to have its own ehm session with the mediator . with all of the workers in the mediator . if it is one single multi language asr or if it is based on multiple ( ? ? ) machine translation workers . and then ( ? ? ) need to have director selecting which output needs to be published . we needs to be streamed to the customer . ( on ) yeah . okay . so i agree that every input notebook has to uhm like come up with its own session . but then the this is the part that we are not familiar with , because so far we have only seen the kit uhm kit lecture translator view . and that kit lecture translator somehow magically knew that there is a new session available . and uhm in that session it 's new which languages are available . so i uhm my understanding would be that this director the person would see the outputs from all the asrs . so all the uhm in in input notebooks would start a client session that provides like asr in that language , then the director would monitor uhm the outputs of the asr and uhm they the director would like say which of this sessions should be directly transferred uhm to another session , uhm and there would be the multilingual translation . so the director would uhm would like uhm and the clients will have their own view . and these these views would be again wuu multilingual or single language . that 's uhm that 's ( ? ? ) thing , but they would be constantly connected . and the director would like redirect different sessions to them . would that be possible ? so we need like uhm - what what is the presentation platforms ? that 's this is something that you are expected to develop . and maybe you have something ( halfly ) there . but this is something which is critical . we need to have the clients the end user devices connected to the same session id , different sessions obviously , but like clients session . and we need to switch various ehm translations to them based on what what is available ? ( da ) yeah . we do n't have yet the solution to this . but i we are we taking on going that we bad . regarding the director the human director to select which output to be ehm published for each session for for each sorry for each speech . ( on ) yeah . and and this uhm this will be implemented by chiara or over- or supervise by chiara or someone else or you ? ( da ) thus- ( on ) okay , chiara . ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , dario or chiara . ( da ) yeah it is it is us but i we have to come back with uhm proposal to be shared between us . ( on ) yeah , yeah . okay . so uhm this is this is something very important . and we the time is short for this . because it 's already uhm it 's in two months actually . like two and 20 days extra i know . so it 's in in 80 days we need is running in reliable . this is this is risky . so . but but anyway back back to the set up . so we will definitely need one pc per input channel and we can leave it uhm open whether this channel uhm what the input with what the sound will be uhm uhm - yeah , well , okay , so um for the uhm if will be easier for uhm for the workshop in those 80 days . but stil , this is where we need to test the uhm the switching lives so that it works for the eurosai congress which is in a year from now , we will demand that we get uhm as direct a sound from each of the interpreters booths uhm labeled by the language . so we know what uhm from the interpreters booths with demand that is only english coming from these booths . not that someone suddenly start speaking uhm german at that booth . that could happen like due to the flexibility . ( 11 ) i think that you are now for assumed the interpreters to uhm run of from the booth and just places . ( on ) yes . yes , but who does this mixing of the channels normally ? ( 11 ) i think there 's a separate interpreting kind of device . that 's like an audiomixer . ( on ) it 's like a booth mixer . ( 11 ) i think there's another person behind another device that that does it . ( on ) ehm and we do not want the output from this uhm like interpreters mixing device because that will be like one more uhm level of volume changes . and so on , right ? ( 11 ) also , maybe there i must even sure how many me- microphones are in the booth ? ( on ) mm-hmm . ( 11 ) is that just one or one per person ? ( on ) i have no idea . so that 's ehm then that 's it . so we will simply demand that we want the direct output from the main microphone and direct output from each language uhm of the interpreters booths . and for the main microphone we are happy to like accomodate to the language . but for the interpreters booths we are we demanded that they are labeled , right ? dario , does that sound okay ? ( da ) can you please repeat , sorry ? ( on ) yeah ? so . uh , i 'm trying to word what do we demand from the sound mixing company . ( da ) okay . ( on ) and i think that we demand that there is one mic- one direct microphone output from the main uhm microphone . and - . ( da ) yes . ( on ) and that there is uhm one uhm direct microphone output from each of the booths and for these the booth microphones we demand that only uhm the ( predefined ) languages is spoken at that channel . so if someone says this is the english microphone . then uhm it must be english coming from that . ( da ) yes . ( on ) does that does that sound acceptable to us ? ( da ) yes , i think so . ( on ) yeah . ( mi ) if we this realistic ? ( ? another language ? ) j\u00e1 si \u0159\u00edk\u00e1m kr\u00e1lovna kolob\u011b\u017eka v t\u00fddle chv\u00edli , proto\u017ee smixovan\u00fd i nesmixovan\u00fd . ( on ) co jak smixovan\u00fd i nesmixovan\u00fd ? ( mi ) no chce\u0161 m\u00edt vybran\u00fd , kter\u00fd tam je kan\u00e1l . ( on ) no . ( mi ) ale z\u00e1rove\u0148 nechce\u0161 , aby n\u011bkdo vyb\u00edral . ( on ) jo . ( ? another language ? ) ( mi ) just as it might be impossible to request that from the company . ( on ) yeah . so the the the milo\u0161 uhm correctly says that - . well no not really . i say that in each booth only one language should be spoken . so if the interpreters speak other languages , yes they will have to shuffle ( ? ? ) booths . and that we want direct microphone output from that . i think that 's uhm - . i think it makes sense from our point of view . it 's difficult for the interpreters , but it 's doable . it 's not uhm . ( mi ) depends what will - . ( on ) what the company has - . ( mi ) how what the interpreters will want to be paid for a such a physicall ( ? another language ? ) jak se \u0159\u00edk\u00e1 ( ? another language ? ) . also they will probably have to be a bit more room round the booths , so they can get around quickly because they there otherwice the booth will be born ( ? ? ) together . because there 's little- ( on ) but how does it work normally ? i- who knows , who knows what languages they speak in what languages they this like , how do they communicate with the with the director of the interpreters ? ( ? another language ? ) ( mi ) i just googled an image of interpreters booth . ( on ) yeh . this is like the - ( mi ) also there is discussion that where they will be placed . if they will be placed in a balcony , then they will use the windows ( ? ? ) going on . because they need to ( ? ? ) . otherwise they will get monitors . ( on ) okay . ( mi ) and yes on the balcony they do n't want them running around on the actor for balcony . back to the ( ? ? ) topic . in this case is not ( ? ? ) just a waste because it will be just for a one channel that not useful . ( on ) yeah . ( mi ) if you want one of the other interfaces from the main mixer under main microphone . then why not , but . ( on ) so there is still another problem laws . so i 'm , i 'm quite confident that there will be more microphones at the main stage than just one . so how do we ask uhm for one microphone output . that 's the uhm . yeah . dario , how how bad is it to use some auxiliary output from the mixing device ? it it can be it - ( da ) how bad is ? how bad is ? ( on ) yeah . how bad it is . yes . ( da ) sorry , how bad is it to ? ( on ) to use the auxiliary output from the mixing device instead of the direct microphone output . ( da ) ooo , depends of the vi- sound mixer . i mean uhm . ( on ) out the mixer , that 's it yeah . ( do ) maybe we can have second microphone just for elitr for translation . completly independence set of microphone . ( mi ) so you voluntier to run round the poud you to whoever just speaks ? ( do ) we need to hire someone for this . but . ( ? another language ? ) when you watch tv and there is some press conference that - . ( on ) there is often many microphones . ( do ) yes . many microphones in in front of one speakers . so , they must be used with . ( mi ) but then you do n't want the direct conection to each of those . ( on ) anyway . let 's okay . ( 11 ) ( ? ? ) of the digital output from the main mixer , i think- ( on ) yeah , that - . ( 11 ) it should be fine . ( on ) yeah . so the digital output from the main mixer . ( 11 ) then you have the it 's switch to the correct microphone . ( on ) ehm . then we can easily switch to the correct microphone . ( 11 ) or you will have its switch for you . ( on ) ehm . so it seems like we will prefer dante because it's - ( da ) ( ? ? ) one of the others . ( on ) yeah . ( 11 ) if it 's just one channel or channels , because - ( on ) no per language . per language . ( mi ) well there 's no languages ehm on the stage . there is just what ( ? ? ) spoken . if we are well the main mixer , then is there is just one channel . so even if you chose the ( asetu ) then it 's still one channel and you are fine . ( on ) mm-hmm . so can we uhm can the call for tenders contain options ? ( 11 ) well , yes , but then be attending not us . ( on ) yes . and we choose , and you choose the uhm the company based on what options they have chosen . ( 11 ) but if we have if we do n't put the requirement for dante there , then probably no one will offer because it 's more expensive . ( on ) more expensive , yes . ( 11 ) it 's lot more expensive . not in absolute numbers but in relative it 's a bit ( ? ? ) . ( mi ) but if they - you should be fine with - dante is good if you transport to manage up . ( on ) yes , yes . but i think one . but i think that dante would be also solution for them . uhm for the booths . ( mi ) if you want all the signal ( ? ? ) back to the main mixer and you use it to capture those , but then you will also need some switch and those notebooks , even that you want one notebook per channel anyway . ( on ) ehm . ( mi ) i do n't see- ( on ) the point . yeah . ( mi ) the advantages is not as big to concentrate all the ( ? ? ) in to one cable . if you wanted to have just one machine that connects to the booths , that makes more sense . ( on ) yeah . ehm . okay , so well . we 'll specified as ( ? ? ) set . we will demand one uhm channel direct microphone output . preferably digital from any number of microphones from the main stage . and also one direct microphone output from each of the translation booth for english , czech , uhm german , and then uh what what about the other languages ? do we mention them , or do we not plan the - . so uhm for the given the promises in the project proposal . we do not have to uhm cover the eurosai congress which our french asr or with our russian asr . uhm it would be a nice thing to have . but it 's not obligatory . so the question is whether we will demanded here uhm or or not . and i think that uhm we should say yes , we should say that we want these . so i have removed ( ? ? ) italian , right ? ( t ) ehmm . ( on ) and - . ( da ) for for these for june in in ( on ) for june english uhm only english will be spoken . so june is good , uhm because it 's very similar to the set up that we had that at the fair , but we for june we need to have the multiple targets uhm target languages . so we need to present uhm uhm the uhm the participants with the slides , and with the subtitles of their choice uhm on in a web based interface uhm on a wired connection . uhm but it needs to be translated into many languages from one english asr . so the the set up is essentially very similar . we just need the different presentation platform for june . and for for the year from now , we need uhm yeah we will i think uhm - yeah . i think we were done with this uhm with this set up ( up wave ) . essentially , we ( have ) come to the conclusion that we could have uhm had upfront . but that 's it 's important to go through this . so i 'll i'll changed uhm as i described , or to change the drawing . and we will say that for each of the recording notebooks uhm per language uhm it's actually up to the company whether uhm they uhm provide us with digital input or or single channel correct . ( mi ) that's risky . because , if you do n't specify digital output you can get any of those or some others . ( on ) okay . ( mi ) i think it would be preferable to say get booth analog output as a call back and one - . ( on ) yes . ( mi ) digital interface ( scholar ) choice . ( on ) okay . yes . ( mi ) so what would be available ? ( on ) yes . yes , yes . so can you can you phrases to the google document . ( mi ) uhm if we can get dario to say . ( on ) so dario . ( mi ) support one of those cheaper digital interfaces . ehm . because if we want analog as a full back then really if we do n't want to pay for dante if it 's just for the case . ( on ) ( ? ? ) call back and one cheaper non dante ehm digital output . ( ? another language ? ) so dario ? it seem that dante does not simplify the things . because we still want one notebook per language . so it seems that sao is is not willing to to provide dante . and then in that case uhm we can always fallback to the uh to the uh to the analog audio . but uhm would you- would you make a decision - ( da ) ( ? ? ) with my partner . ( on ) yeah , so please , let us know , and like by mid week or on friday at the latest . what digital audio ehm should be specify in the in the documentation . so we will ask for the um six uhm language uhm language labeled uhm wires and one main stage wire . ahhh and it has to be analog fallback and digital of preferably the one thing that you choose . right ? yeah . okay so i hope that someone has taken notes for me . ( t ) dario ? let us know on now by thursday . so we have friday to process process proceseed with a sao , okay ? ( da ) okay . ( t ) thank you . ( on ) yeah , and part of that is so let 's - we have discussed sorry for this very long discussion uhm . but like well , we are just not experienced enough to uhm to make the uhm the guess what will work best . so we need to discuss it with detail . so uhm then for the microphones . this is also something that uhm can be and should be demanded in the call for tenders . so if you have any numbers that you can put into the call for tenders like sensitivity and frequency response and noise , please include those numbers . so this defines all the individual microphones that the speakers will use . ( mi ) i think to for us it 's important to specify the microphones on the stage . ( on ) yes . ( mi ) but there will be also i think one microphone per to people in the audios . ( on ) ehm . ( mi ) but i think we do not really care about those . ( on ) yes , no . we do n't expect to to uhm to to translate a questions . so they those will can be you cheaper ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah . so . so dario , can you can you copy from some of your other materials the specification of the microphones that are needed ? ( da ) so we by the way people wants these on the stage . ( 11 ) wired or wireless ? ( da ) sorry ? ( on ) wired or wireless ? ( mi ) to the use different sets of parametres ? ( da ) no but uhm for example wired microphones are usually better because they can use uhm better uhm card in the receiver and the you the microphone is bigger usually when the uhm wireless one now . but i but i in fact the main differences is the main difference is if it test to be some sort of ( wireable ) ust like ( ? ? ) or something that all all if it can be the classic microphone . ( mi ) i would expect wireless for the stage . and if you want to specify ( ? ? ) in the booths and actually it 's possible to change those . ( on ) yeah . ( da ) then those could be large . ( on ) no it should be wired . i 'm sure , but also for the main stage . i would actually expect it will be wired microphone at the black booth at the stand of the speaker . uhm fixed as as as is common in in like conference hall or . ( da ) i think this is not not for us to decide anyway . ( on ) i would say that we prefer wired microphones involving the main one . so this specification should be for uhm for wired uhm primarily . and then like uhm maybe add a note like if you have to go wireless uhm followed these numbers . so uhm yeah . so dario please provides this specification uhm for and that 's will be uhm main stage wired uhm microphones uhm uhm and interpreters booths large microphones . uhm in the unfortunate case of wireless is also specify the characteristics of those . so dario is that uhm is that clear ? ( da ) let me check . yes . yes . ( on ) so we need to specification for the wire microphones . ahh at both types of uhm locations . and we also need the specification for the wireless uhm uhm main stage . uhm in case the company , or someone else besides it has to be wireless . but we do n't prefer wireless . so . yeah . so again this is this is something that we need to know by thursday . then you mention that uhm- okay , so . let 's let 's move quickly to the uhm . yeah i i was supposed to be living at the moment already . but yes . so please , please the next item is to get a contact for uhm someone uhm from pervoice who will handle the presentation platform . and uhm the idea here . so this is the uhm so this is for you or for chiara . but the idea is that uhm the platform will have to be different for the workshop in june , and for the eurosai congress . because the setting is different . so uhm actually for the congress we will need two types of presentation platforms . and one of those platforms for the eurosai congress will be the same as the one in june but there also be the uhm the the wireless devices only for the for the next year . so uhm if we focus on the upcoming the june workshop . what we need to do what we need to have is something like that keeps the lecture translator uhm thing except that i would really like to mix it with the uhm with the screen from the ehm main presentation . so my idea is that we will do video grabbing uhm from the main presentation computer , as it is sending the the screen to the main projector . so we 'll put uhm put a video mixer there the the epiphan device and and steel signal , and then we will stream video of the slides , as a live streaming uhm channel to the wired network . and then we need uhm web uhm web based presentation where people will see uhm this this stream slides . and also they will have the choice to to choose which subtitles they want to see . and this part is essentially the kit media- presenter the one that you have seen , and that you work with . ( da ) yeah , yeah , yeah . some ( sort ) of lecture just later or something like that . ( on ) yeah . so . will it be you or chiara or still someone else who will be actually coding this thing . ( da ) please chiara will be the ( focal ) point . ( on ) yeah . so the thing is that it has to have this capacity that the kit lectured translator has . so it has to connect to the mediator and observe whatever channels that whatever channels it whatever language is there are and so on , but it also uh should include in the html the video streaming you . ( da ) yeah . ( on ) and we need to uhm like someone either you or we need to develop the video mixer . so the notebook that is used to steal the uhm slides as presented . and it has two purposes the notebook it one for one thing it creates the english subtitles underneath . and for another thing it is streams the um it sends out the video of of the grab slides to the network . so it serves as the web server that anybody can connect to engage the streaming from . do you see the set up ? do you understand the the set up that i 've just uhm- yeah . so this is this is something that uhm we really need to develop in those 80 days . and uhh yeah . we should synchronize on this very early . so please find the person the not just chiara but they the one would be actually coding this , or if it is chiara then fine . uhm but we need to talk with this person as soon as possible so that the specification is clear to the person , and that we can test it early and so on . ( da ) yes , it 's important to have uhm video steamer , which suppose , for example , ( age less ) . the apple uhm is is streaming . ( on ) ahaa , okay . yeah . i do n't know that . ehm so , yeah . so that means like if the notebooks uhm are uhm then apple notebooks , it wo n't be apple notebooks . it will be some some windows-based machines . i 'm sure . ( da ) ( ? ? ) the the apple the protocol apple live streaming is a just the protocol , but it 's - it 's supported all both windows and linux and whatever we use - could be also the ( ? ? ) engines streaming engine , and in this . ( on ) okay . well , i have no experience with this . so uhm . so if you can , uh , connect me with the person who knows or if well yeah . yeah . so the question is , who will be developing the video grabber part . and who will be developing the presentation part . you will be doing surely the presentation part , uh . and the the video grabbing part is something that uhm needs to do both this streaming . and at the same time it is needs to uhm presented and add the english subtitles . ( da ) yeah , we have to double check for the presentation of the english ( subtitle ) we have to talk about ( that ) . ( on ) yeah . ( mi ) not just english . ( on ) well , no for the main screen it will be only english . ( mi ) right . right . ( on ) so the idea is that on the main screen will be presenting will be only video mixing english subtitles under the uhm slides . ( mi ) we have to talk about that . ( on ) yeah . ( mi ) because the it is a little bit- we have to understand if it 's visible to also mix the subtitles uhm at the same time . we have to uhm ( talk ) about these . ( on ) yeah . why would there be a problem ? i i see it only as a way as a different client . uh , so they- well . i know the nice . yeah . ( mi ) it 's aa just a little bit more difficult , because the was the need to have one dedicated video screen to prepared the subtitles to be published on the media platform . these quite for sure would need a deal mixer for uhm on the sao and when does the need to have the set up also off ( ? ? ) the subtitles have to be put on screen be ( ? ? ) not to for example going to areas or ehm black areas . uh , depending on the color the subtitles . it 's a just a little bit more it a ( ? ? ) more informations and more word to be done . ( on ) yeah . so i 've i 've started putting this together with simple like x windows set up so that uhm the idea is that i use mplayer embedded mplayers . so i like repair that 's that 's function from x window . so i i create in in ( ? ? ) uhm set up where i specify the rectangle for for a slightly reduced slides and i use mplayer to to just show the webcam that comes from the video grabber uhm which is the slides live . and below that i can easily ( ? ? ) again and again shown whatever found i have in in my x windows which is still like limited so far . and extern and what i would need is a client or monitor of a mediator uhm which emits plain text outputs to this extern . and that would that would be flexible enough for me . but that would not do the streaming of the slides at the same time , so that in order to uh , to do the stream of the slight , something would have to be added . and it 's also not as nice as as you were , uhm as you have for the roman set up where you have an overlay off the slides to the subtitles . so - . ( 11 ) ( ? ? ) i ment mean to do . but it 's uhm . it 's a little bit more complicated . ( on ) yeah , yeah . so we we need to find the decide who will do this . uhm , yeah . so are you willing to do this at pervoice , or should we be involved in the implementation of this ? ( 11 ) uhm . i i would say that if you if you do that . it could be better , because you know , there is all of the our stuff to be completed and ( ? ? ) . ( on ) so i 'll keep looking at this myself . and if i 'm struggling . then i will let you know , soon enough , so that we can jointly find a fallback solution , but i still keep it in my- it is in my to do list . ( 11 ) okay . ( on ) yeah . okay . so then the next question . will , you also try to get your asr in the whole lifetime of the project for italian ? so would you be planning to train your own engines ? and who would get ( ? ? ) that 's the question , because like we have here we have jon\u00e1\u0161 we have met him and uhm it would be very useful for jon\u00e1\u0161 to have a chance to talk to anyone uhm like fighting with the same problems . the idea is to use kaldi before the set up . uhm so we need a connector for kaldi to the mediator . ( 11 ) we do n't . ( ? ? ) we are not using kaldi we are use ( ? ? ) on asr - ( on ) still a different thing . ( 11 ) sorry ? ( on ) so you not even janus not even the the toolkit from karlsruhe ? yes , something else . ( 11 ) no , it 's our own . it 's based on ( fbk ) speech recognition it 's evolution of ( fbk ) asr . it 's our own asr and we already integrated the uhm these in to the mediator and but - . that 's why we can easily add italian as lang- as a uhm supported language . if obvisously it needs all of the customization for the sao events . ( on ) yep . yep . okay . so . in that case , we can only like keep asking you with who for various tips like how to integrated best . but essentially you are not on the same boat . we are . we are behind . so we need to uhm like coop ourselves . ( 11 ) okay . ( on ) uhm . yeah . and then uhm the the last question is related this . but uhm yes , yes , yes . the last question is related to this because if we are on our uhm ground before do- if we are if we are developing this ourselves . it would be useful for us to have a look at the uhm python connector , which you are still developing . so the question is when the python connector uhm to the pervoice platform would be ready ? ( 11 ) let me say that we are struggling with uhm one let me say issue in the python ( binding ) python ( binding ) . but uhm if you want add this mix the uhm the integration still not working at ( ? ? ) point . so if you want i can in any case share the status of the binding to the mcloud , the python binding . and we can have a uhm double check on the uhm on the binding itself . if you have someone ( ? ? ) in python maybe it could be useful . ( on ) yeah . yes , there is people who used python around . so i think it would be very useful to share even if it 's not working at the moment , because we were like already start uhm start looking at how to connect to that and maybe yes , maybe we will be able to to help with that issue as well . ( 11 ) okay . ( on ) publish it probably again to the public website , right ? would that be okay ? ( 11 ) yes . yes . yes . ( on ) yeah . okay . yeah . so that that will be great . so i 'll then directly pass it to jon\u00e1\u0161 . uhm well share the code so far to the public elitr web ( ? ? ) . yeah . okay . ( 11 ) okay . ( on ) ond\u0159ej will ( started ) to jon\u00e1\u0161 . yeah . yeah . i think that 's everything . so thank you for this long and exhausting call . sorry . remember , we need the details on the ( mike ) from you . and we need to what was the other most important part the cho- the choice of the uhm digital input . so the choice of the digital . and the mike specifications . we will redraw the picture uhm to make it clear that we want one more channel for the main stage . and we will we will be reliable ourse- will be responsible ourselves for the choice like which asr to run and what , but we do n't - we will only struggle with the main uhm stage , and not with the other booths that would be responsibility of that company . and that 's it . right ? ( 11 ) okay . ( on ) yeah , okay so . thank you very much . i do n't have any other questions myself , anyone else ? any other comments , questions ? ( mi ) you get just one channel , and that will be it , right ? ( on ) yes , for june , we are getting only english channel . and we are expected to produce this videomixing thing and we will synchronize on this very soon . ( mi ) so the channels they can be spread over space , right ? if you , if the main channel from the stage is available at the different physical locations . ( on ) ou . ( mi ) it could be fine . ( on ) so yes , like , physically for the main eurosai congress . we need all these notebooks to be connected to the same hardware network which is indicated in the picture . the same ethernet . over switch or router . and as long as this is through , physically they can be anywhere . yeah . ( mi ) it 's . ( on ) yeah , so i think that the all the the set up here is is like uhm correct except for the sound which we have discussed . okay ? so . thank you very much dario . thank you . if you are still there . ( chi ) yes . sorry . dario has leave for a second yet the call uhm but everything is clear , thank you . and here is chiara . ( on ) you are here all time . so you know , you have heard everything . chiara , right ? ( chi ) yes , yes . ( on ) yes . that 's good . so we need to figure out like who will be implementing the the presenter and so on . so thank you . and um yeah , have a good rest of the day . ( chi ) bye . bye , bye .", "tgt": "start recording . date for elitr call . collecting photos and videos from trade fair . confirmation of proposed scheme of wiring for eurosai congress . digital interface to audio mix pult . microphones . get a contact for someone from pv , who will handle the presentation platform . will pv also try get their asr . when will the python version of pv platform sample connector . ondrej , dario: after reminder missing vote for elitr call date was chosen the april 16th . ondrej , dario: ask for photos from the trade fair . will be sent to e-mail immediately . ondrej , dario , milo: it is needed to specify the settings for workshop in june and eurosai congress . the hardware will provide outside company . it is supposed to translating and transcribing the main session . there will be rented tablets and is supposed that everyone will have their cell phones . it is needed to connect the microphones to the mean audio mixer and then to have digital output to the booth for listening and asr . any of the separate notebooks after the asr can provide input to the multilingual translation system . proposal that every input language has uhm have to have its own ehm session with the mediator , this will be implemented by chiara . it is needed original sound from the microphones as possible from booth main microphone of the plenary session , ideally the digital signal captured at microphone . languages: english , german , czech , french , italian , spanish , russian . there is experience only with dante , but it is very expensive and does n't simplify setting . it is needed one pc for each language , one pc per input channel . it is recomended to keep audio data and network traffic separated . will be demand one direct microphone output from the main microphone . and one direct microphone output from each of the booths and for these booth microphones we demand that only the predefined languages is spoken at that channel . proposal to say get booth analog output as a call back and digital interface scholar choice . pervoice will let know what digital audio should be specify in the documentation until tuesday . ondrej , milo , dario: it is needed to demand also microphones . ask for definition all the individual microphones that the speakers will use . after discussion they agreed that there will be preferred wired microphone for main stage . until tuesday dario will provide specification for main stage wired microphones and interpreters booths large microphones and also for wireless . ondrej , dario , milo: presentation platform will have to be different for the workshop in june and for the eurosai congress , because the setting is different . explain idea . chiara will be coding this thing . ondrej , dario: pv wo n't try their own asr . ondrej , dario: ask when the python connector to the pervoice platform would be ready . people using python at the uk will help with this point . it will be published at public website ."}
{"src": "( o ) and you have the participant body already a recording , and hopefully my screen is being shared . yes . so in the google document , a dominant has drawn a a a as , like a picture , which highlight , which shows everything uh , the that we will need for the mediator . uh , so uh . so what we have here is the climbed gate on in the lefts hand , uh part of the picture is . so klein 's connecting to the mediator and the work ( ? ? ) . and we expect audio input uh , either english speech or czech speech . uh . but but the picture says , '' only english speech , uh for simplicity . uh , to come to the mediators so uh , audio being transferred from prague , uh , to uh , the mediator in italy , or where ( ? ? ) okay , so i do not know where where the ( ? ? ) servers are ( ? ? ) . it is in the us , ok ( ? ? ) . ( d ) west europe ( ? ? ) ( o ) ( ? ? ) or something like that im not sure . and then so this is speech , uh . then from the mediator get send to ( ? ? ) asr ( ? ? ) they will uh , produce english words , because they have like two stage of , uh speech recognition process . and then these english words get sent back to the mediator , and then from the mediator again to ( ? ? ) . for segmenting , uh . and and like for concatenating these words into sentences and breaking the text into sentences . so this will produce the english ( ? ? ) sentence , and the english ( ? ? ) sentence will be sent to the mission of the ( ? ? ) system , which will run at our uh , place . so this is the the third worker , uh , here in english , ( ? ? ) to going to english check empty . and then they check ( ? ? ) . the going is going to be sent back to the mediator . and there are other clients connected . there are to be other client connected to the mediator . the first one will be the one showing the subtitles . and this is something that we do not know how to do yet , because we rely on ( ? ? ) , uh , presenter like presentation and video mixing . and , uh , we need to record for , uh , one of the the uses when he to record the english , uh , subtitles , as well . so the the english asr so english ( ? ? ) sentence , as as emmited by the ( ? ? ) asr , uh and then , we need to save everything , especially the , uh , uh , the sound signal for further use , uh , like to make it it that ( ? ? ) or or training data out later on , uh , uh , and one particular aspect , uh , that i will talk about later when , ( ? ? ) the hopefully uh , connect is , u , the , clearest , voi- voice competition , where , uh , the participants . uh . will be evaluated , uh on their word '' error ( ? ? ) , uh , word error ( ? ? ) . so ( ? ? ) students coming to the ( ? ? ) will be presenting 90 seconds each uh , some quick presentation of their country , and we need to record the voices here into separate files , uh , and , uh , we need to , uh , also save the , uh , the automatic transcripts as obtained by the causeway asr and then we need to evaluate these . uh , ( ? ? ) . uh , yes . so i would like to ( ? ? ) dominik , if there was anything that i forgot . and uh , the the maybe ( ? ? ) moment on this . yeah . and dario , does that make sence ? did- ( ? ? ) is the design , uh , ok so far , like we have not run into any uh , nonexisting , pieces off a or nonexisting features of mediator . ( c ) sorry ondrej . ( o ) yeah , hi . ( c ) uh , just ( ? ? ) after design . i think that probably , uh , the component ( ? ? ) register . the audio will be a worker and ( ? ? ) he would be will be a worker and the multiplying . ( o ) ok . yes . ( c ) fingerprint match is pretty good . we good work , um . ok , that is all , i think . dario , do you have some other such ( ? ? ) . ( d ) oh , not really , just maybe one . ( ? ? ) aybe it is some of that is already ( ? ? ) somewhere in the notes , but uh , there , there has to be an overview as well . and i have one important question , uh , and that is uh , whether , uh , worker . so now . now , i 'm talking about the recording , uh , and actually the the recording for the purposes of the clearest was competition there . we need to have the single session running all the time like constantly transcribing the speech , and and emmiting the the subtitles , and and so on , but we need to get the separate , uh , pieces for each of the speaker . so we need 90 seconds long files . uh . so if we have a worker that will , uh , be like ready to to save- ( ? ? ) can such a worker connect to an existing a pipeline to an existing session and disconnect , uh , and connect again for the next , uh , speaker , or uh . do we need to have one worker being connected to the same pipeline , all the time , uh , link through fingerprints like connected to ( ? ? ) with the help of the fingerprints . and then the worker internally has to stop saving to one file and move on to saving to another file the . ( c ) ( ? ? ) both of the option , sorry , um , ther is always the clients who manage the session , then , in order to have different files , you have to run different session , when you want to stop recording . the first file , you have to stop the client and start again for the second session . ( o ) ok . so , if , uh , wa- was existing , uh , workers that are able to save the data . uh , one would have indeed stop the client , and restart the client . and another option would be as i suggested to , uh modify worker , so that the worker will be , uh , like constantly part of the the single session , uh , and it would be saving or not saving depending on some other information it gets from elsewhere . so it could be like a , uh , as a process running in the director looking into the directory . and if the directory contains a special file a like safe into file name one . then it will be saving the data . if there is no such file it will not be saving the data and and so on . ( c ) at the moment it is not possible out of the service architecture , uh , idea , uh . ( o ) and why why is that not possible like . i feel that it is not possible , because we do not have such worker . uh . but is there . any reason why such worker can not be you implemented ? ( d ) ( ? ? ) our recomendation would be to ( ? ? ) keep the log of the speech , ( ? ? ) recording will be ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so i understand ( ? ? ) , but we probably have participant here , ( ? ? ) so uh , yeah . we definitely want to have one worker that will be saving everything . uh . so uh , and then we would like a to have also another worker , which would save the the , uh , individual presentations . and the reason , uh , is need to have already during the day , you yeah . i hello . ( ? ? ) uh . yeah . so we are now in the middle of , uh , uf some ( ? ? ) setup that is not not so relevant ( ? ? ) . so let let me quickly finish this . and then we will start with the with the the most important part of the meeting . uh . so uh , the the uh . so we want to have to workers for recording , one would be the standard audio recorder non , interrupted producing a the single file , but we need also separate files . as soon as any of the presenters stop their 90 seconds . we need this file saved and transfer to another place . and in terms of like two minutes or three minutes from then on . uh , the person will be transcribing their own speech . so that is why we need separate files . and for this . we would like to have a second worker . uh , i understand now , that the second worker must not interrupt the , uh , the session . the second worker will be connected all the time . and it would uh . it has to be modified in a way , so that it saves a the ( ? ? ) into a separate files . does that work ? does that make sense dario ? ( d ) yes , if you if you modify ( ? ? ) . the ( ? ? ) signal . ( ? ? ) ( o ) yes ( ? ? ) for some reason , your your voice his little bit interrupted at times . maybe the uh . the ( ? ? ) connection is is not not a reliable . uh , yeah , we also have backup solution for this . like interrupted worker . the backup solution is to use a totally independent notebook , running windows , and we will just listening to the audio signal , uh , and and saving ( ? ? ) a separate files . uh . it would be different recording of from what the asr has seen . but that would not matter for our purposes . we could later on extract the uh , the genuine , uh , signal that went to the asr from the complete recording of the session , a when we will be making this ( ? ? ) ( d ) another option to another option could be also to get the extra time stamp of the beginning and of the end of the speech ( ? ? ) and extracting the ( ? ? ) from the overall signal . so you ( ? ? ) it is incremental signal that you we- you can exactly ( ? ? ) find the start , and the end of the speech . by the time stamp of it could be feasible to extract the the speech of one speaker from the overall recording , ( o ) yeah . we will have to see whatever it is easier whether to implement the , uh . the interrupted interrupted worker , or whether to uh , use the secondary notebook , or whether to use this idea with the the extracting the bit ( ? ? ) . thank you . so uh , since we now have a person from ( ? ? ) stefan konstantin as well , um . let me start . uh , let me start the at the beginning of the agenda , uh so uh , well , sebastian . this is the first time we we meet nice to meet you . we were expecting either markers , or uh , or felix . so would it be actually you ( ? ? ) . ( s ) ( ? ? ) stephane ( ? ? ) ( o ) okay , i see yeah , a great . so so just to let , you know of this session is being recorded for the purposes of minuting making a data set for elitr . are you fine with that . i hope we are we , yes . yeah , yeah , so there is a slack space for elitr , but i do not really use it . i have a pretty bad experience with slack non not delivering messages that i ( ? ? ) as delivered on my screen . so feel free to use it . if it makes the if you want to be invited to let me or dominic machacek know . we can invite you . feel free to use it just do not rely on it . that is what i wanted to say . so always ask people uh , for confirmation of received , if you ( ? ? ) . ( c ) i asked for the ( ? ? ) . i started receiving the same observation from different people . i think it will be really useful for the or the ( ? ? ) the support and developers . ( o ) yes , yes , ( c ) ( ? ? ) so important communication . ( o ) yeah , so feel free free to do it ( ? ? ) use whatever is is most convenient for everybody and ( ? ? ) like can be fast . i just use ( ? ? ) . i found it not delivering messages that i wrote . so i was really annoyed . ok . so then there is the ( ? ? ) running . thank you for the admin web . and dominic asked , what is the ip ( ? ? ) the register services , ( ? ? ) was that your question . ( ? ? ) yeah . so uh , is there anything that we should know , uh , now . are you seeing my sharing that ? yes ? so is there anything that we should know to understand what it what is now in the um in the mediator . ( c ) oh , okay . please note admin web is really used for the ( ? ? ) purposes , ( o ) yes . ( ? ? ) use only the registered services agent . here you will find the all the line workers and ( ? ? ) not do to check ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) so on . ( ? ? ) developer . yeah , ye exactly . i think it is very useful for for us for debugging purposes . so dominik asked , what is the api . so , there is some versions or api version something . one of the the last ( ? ? ) . and this is yeah , so that probably not too important for four hours of our purposes , right . and the registered services are all the running workers . mm-hmm yes , correct , ( ? ? ) . and and now all of them are idle . but if a client would connect . some of these workers would become connected to the pipeline , and then suddenly they would be non idle , and if the another client would need the same type of service . so we would have to have another . uh , line , one more worker running to and to to to do that service . so , for example , this the uh . there is too ( ? ? ) . there is the yes . there is two german speech recognizers the first two lines and there ( ? ? ) that you english organizers . ( c ) mm-hmm . they are two session of the same worker , the german asr . and when the client connect , ( ? ? ) one of these sessions becomes easy . ( ? ? ) another session can be ( ? ? ) ( o ) ok . thank you . so this is the this is the first one . now the physical layout i would like to now . dominik to to present this . uh , and you and you can see the description in the google doc , uh , and describe what what everything when each ( ? ? ) . so please . everybody make sure that from your point of view of you were able to like covered that that that , you have the knowledge and the tools , and they had the hardware , and and all that and will review the hardware and software later on by the physical layout is like the the beginning , right ? so dominik please . ( d ) hello . ( o ) you did not hear dominik , did you ? i do not hear anything . ( d ) me niether . ( o ) yeah , so i do not hear dominik , but dominik . no , we still do not hear you . but we , we were able to hear you a while ago . and it seemed that the it is the receiving ( ? ? ) , uh , the the ( ? ? ) to receiving voice from you , no , no still not . okay , does not work . yep . okay . so no , not yet . so i will present . now , instead of dominik , but dominik will keep trying to make is the voice delivered . ok so . there is a four stages , uh , for physical places . there is also for the down in document , a the map of uh , of the set up . so , uh , four different spots where something will happen at the main stage is like a stage for . i do not know if we are 20 or 50 , uh , people looking at one presentation , and there will be doing the , uh , subtitling . so uh , asr , and , machine translation and presentation of subtitles . so the video mixing of subtitles and presentations , uh . and there will be also . we will be doing the recording of everything . for the later use . there is the secondary stage like secondary podium . and this is for perhaps fewer people but uh , hopefully we would like to do . uh , subtitling here again . if we get second video mixer . and that- that is the ( ? ? ) . to be discussed uh , below , and we will be doing the recording . uh , one , uh , purpose for the recording is to have all the talks recorded . and the second purpose as the clearest voice competition , which is also have called , uh refer to as 90 seconds in a ( ? ? ) lift . and that is the the that is where we need the separate files per competitor , because uh , this . uh . this will be transcribed right after the , uh , the presentation , uh the particle person will go to the transcription space , which is the third , uh spot . and there , they will listen to their to their own voice , and they will write it down to to have the reference transcript . and this is for the word '' error '' rate of evaluation . and there is , uh one , uh , further spot , and that is the offline presentation ( ? ? ) , and this will be a ( ? ? ) again . and this is just where we can show off and elitr and uh , the elitr partner technologies , uh . so ideally , uh , we have discussed . this was ( ? ? ) before we would like to have one more of full fledged german , uh , speech to , uh , english output or whatever offline presentation , if you have like one more one more device for this . so this would be a good . and for this . we will need roll-up . and there is also the uh , the option to make it more attractive . uh , just like we visualy more effective , a by of , uh , the robot know that , we have like that . the the school of informatic has one but . i can borrow it only under the condition that it will somehow like actively , uh , perform in this presentation . so if we are able to use it as a , ( ? ? ) as a mike , or as speakers or ( ? ? ) this as a good reason to uh , to have ( ? ? ) . it were a attract people . but uh , the uh , the one that the colleague of mine , who owns this robot that he does not want just it just as that like , uh , uh , as the young , ladies selling whatever car tires . so he prefers the uh , the the advertisement . you have some some real real value . yep . so , dominik . please keep trying . i still have not hear you . you would like to , uh , hand over . no . okay ? so you are in- yeah . so please dominik please keep trying , i will let you know when when you are heard again , ok . so , the critical thing that has to be negotiated , uh , and discussed with the organizers of the fair , the the ( ? ? ) company uh . this is the is the wiring . so uh , we need . we need to specify what we need . and they can acomodate to some of these requests . and right now , i would like you all to validate that i have described this correctly . uh . and then if if we if uh , the organizers , if andrea is not able to uh , meet these requirements or the specification , then we will talk again and find another solution . so and the main stage . we expect to connect . the ( ? ? ) male xlr connector . uh , which is uh , on this picture to the mixing device to get sound . is that right , or should it be another connector . well , obviously , you are probably flexible , but we need to have something to show them . this is half way up high school students , and we need to show them pictures to uh , to get the right a to get the right thing . so is this correct ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) yeah , uh . so , for the headsets , uh , we have sent you an email some time ago . um , i 'm not sure if you have responded . oh , i have heard that it is very important to have a the mic and ( ? ? ) distance from the mouth . uh . so uh , we are happy to to buy some of the like headset mics . uh , but we do not . we need to know which , so if someone uh , you know , if someone from ( ? ? ) , could could just paste uh , your ( ? ? ) uh , into this document , uh , and , we would buy some above the the time is running short . uh . so , um , uh . so the sooner we get the ( ? ? ) the better , and . we , we need to talk to ( ? ? ) , this is especially for tea , uh , to make sure that they are happy with us providing the headsets and with the way these headsets connect to their mixing device . and and so on ( t ) ok ( d ) ok could you . maybe ( ? ? ) that male with link to the headsets again . and can not find it right now . ( o ) so there was teas email with questions . and one of the questions was about the headsets . and there was no answer . so we need . we need some your ( ? ? ) from you . we do not have any any preference . so this is a. this is a confirmed , uh , confirmed by kit . kit will suggest some headsets . tea will negotiate their connection with andre . that is the organizer of the . so which . so here is the here is the place for the ( ? ? ) . uh , and uh , uh , how many so we expect that it will be one speaker presenting only . we will will not be able to transcribe if two people speak at the same time . anyway , uh . so the uh , we will have two at most . i would say to swap them , like if if there is to be to be two speakers coming one after another , one can be setting this up for for themselves . and the other would be already speaking right . so two should be fine ? or would you recommend more ? ( d ) um , well of course , more is always better bit i think two should be fine . i mean , ( ? ? ) it would probably also worked with just one , but then , of course , ( ? ? ) gets little bit more time critical , so to say , and ( ? ? ) . ( o ) uh , okay . so then we expect andre , uh . then we expect andre , to provide us with the presentations that we need subtitles to mix into . and we do not know ( ? ? ) the they have old technology or new technology . so we expect them to have either vga or hdmi . and this is something that they would be normally connecting to their overhead projector . but instead of this , they would connect it to the ( ? ? ) female , a vga or hdmi right ? ( d ) yes . um , so and so far , i only used vga as input to our ( ? ? ) . it should ( ? ? ) also be able to capture vga , but i personally have not really tried it . so i think ( ? ? ) is not a problem . but vga we have to check if it really works . ( o ) um-hum . yeah , so could you check , uh , uh , because , uh , or ( ? ? ) should check with andre . but i 'm afraid they will use vga . and there it needs to digitize the , uh , the signals . so if if ( ? ? ) . so uh , yeah , a ( ? ? ) check with andre . and even if they say , '' it is the modern thing , uh , ( ? ? ) who would be better if if you have tested the the vga ourselves with them . ( ? ? ) or well , vga signal . ( d ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ? ? ) ( o ) and that was sorry , who whose voice was that ( ? ? ) a ( ? ? ) was yeah , marcus will test . tea will ask andre . uh , uh . ( t ) yeas i just found the mail . when i sent it , uh , i sent it on february 26 . i did not heard from anyone . ( o ) yep . ( t ) yep . ( o ) so maybe tea sent this email now to everyone . people are listed at the top of this , the uh , of this list in the google document . ( t ) okay ( o ) so that was that was the email about the , uh the devices that headsets to buy . and and so on , okay , uh , thank you . so then we expect ( ? ? ) video mixing notebook to be there . so the , uh , that will be connected to ( ? ? ) . and he will be also connected ( ? ? ) that is it . uh . so is it the same notebook as the one that gets the speech signal , or is it separate notebook ? i am asking because of the ethernet connection , because we will have only one ethernet male cable there . ( d ) okay , so it will be , i think ( ? ? ) laptop so to be really independent , but this one does not need internet . so everything ( ? ? ) separate laptop to to have things around independently . so . if something happens , we can easily restart one of the two , um . ( o ) mm-hmm , ( d ) ( ? ? ) network ( o ) yeah , two notebooks , uh , provided by ( ? ? ) both needs , uh wired connection . ( d ) exactly . ( o ) ( ? ? ) important . okay . so we need to make sure that we have two cables , or that we bring our own . well further for that one more not becauset ( ? ? ) i guess that when they when they ( ? ? ) . i do not know how they will set up the network . so the easiest option is to , uh , to bring one more network , others translating router . ( d ) my suggestion ondrej would be also to check the internet configuration . i mean , the ip configuration if it is provided by dhcp on the overall ethernet or what or whatever it has to be done . ( o ) and yeah , exactly , ( ? ? ) and , uh , uh , double check was andre the ip figuration , the dhcp , or static addreses so whatever . ( d ) and maybe the firewall settings in general because i think connect to the mediator uses ( ? ? ) unusual ports ( o ) mm-hmm . ( d ) so just to be sure that there is nothing in between that keeps us from from running there . ( o ) yeah . and the uh ( ? ? ) and the overall bandwidth . so this is something that will probably come to , uh , a later . but at the beginning . we have already discussed that there is quite a traffic uh , going on . uh . so most important is the speech , uh , or the heaviest is the speech , and , it will be an ideally two stages , sending speech . uh , fortunately , we are not delivering speech anywhere . so it will be done the translation and subtitles coming back , but we are- need- we do need to record a uh , also on the spot . so for the for the backup pur- purposes . the recording can be done like remotely , not at not at the fair , uh , but a for the clearest voice competition . it would probably be better to record the voice already on the spot . and that would mean , the like two audio 's coming from the fair to um the mediator and one audio one of them coming back again for the saving , right ? am i correct ? ( ? ? ) so what is the bandwidth that this will need . what what should we tell the the andre . they mentioned something like it will be one of the standard , ( ? ? ) like connections , but i do not know what they ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) style . ( d ) yeah so i think the critical part , because we are sending audio , uh , would definitly be the upstream . so i think with one megabit upstream , uh we should be on the safe side , because audio is not really that ( ? ? ) intensive . but of course , we have to have it reliable so if we have high ( ? ? ) and things will brake . ( o ) mm-hmm ( d ) ( ? ? ) good connexion with one megabit upstream then the downstream should also be fine for displaying the subtitles . ( o ) yeah , okay . and even for getting the , uh , the one of the streams for the recording back , right ? so the clearest was composition as as i described the there is a that uh someone is speaking . we are ideally subtitling this . and after every speaker every 90 seconds . we need to stop the recording ( ? ? ) create a separate file . so that would be to recordings going on one for the like continuous non , interrupted backup purpose recording , and another one would be this like interrupted style of recording . and this interrupted style of recording , uh , would , uh , also need the the audio stream come down again from the mediator to the stage . uh . so the should , uh , that should still fit . yeah , it has to be reliable , the . so thank you for the confirmation ciara . uh . so this reliability thing that is for a tea to double check with andre . and this is exactly the last mile bit . so what we do not want andre to provide would be some lte any well , lte are also quite reliable , but we will need some serious wired connection for the , to have that ( ? ? ) reliability that is last mile thing . ( ? ? ) yeah . and ( ? ? ) we need to talk to the technical people in advance . uh , to to double check the ip config , and the firewall that is t / hat important . thank you . ( d ) just just the question ondrej . when would it be possible to check the network connection . ( o ) the day before i 'm afraid and maybe like very late on the day because they they ( t ) ( ? ? ) join we can go to the place where the fair trade will take place on ( ? ? ) on the 19 after two pm . so , we can there ( o ) the wires should be , the wires should be there already , or the , still when when andre will start with their wiring . ( t ) well , ah , the main wires should be there , because in the on the 19th in the morning , the company will go there and install the ( ? ? ) and yeah , and the wire . so it should be there . hopefully . ( o ) in the morning andre will ( ? ? ) . ( t ) and technically speaking , ah , ( ? ? ) fair trade starts on wednesday . ( ? ? ) probably in the afternoon . so the whole wednesday morning , we will have probably time to check if everything is like running , and okay . ( o ) yeah , ok so . hopefully we have , uh we , have half a day , or even perhaps two halves of of day , uh , to get things running . okay , uh , then the secondary stage . and this is where the uh , where the the competition clearest voice will be happening . uh , here we expect again the xlr connector to connect to the mixing device to get the the input to get the uh , the audio . now can ( ? ? ) bring also the notebooks for this stage , or should we uh , cover it ? like you have a double set up or uh , or ( ? ? ) . this is something to to to to consider , and and maybe answer later . again , what we expect the uh , that we will provide the headsets . to the speakers uh . i think for this one . we , should probably get three , because uh , two will be needed . there is a yeah . well , actually , i think we should get even four . i would say , three to four , because there is some . uh , uh , in some of these 90 second sessions two people will be presenting the country at the same time , and we are running two separate tracks of this competition . uh , if the people speak after one after another . the asr should be able to handle it . but if the people start talking , uh at the same time , then the asr will fail . so we need to have fair comparison between participants that have this risk of failing . and the participants that do not have the risk of failing . and that is why we have to evaluate ( ? ? ) . ( r ) yeah . so so i think we have two people speaking in parallel then we also need to make sure that we can input two audio signals the same time into our infrastructure . ( o ) yeah . i do not think this will be possible . we will . we can try . but i think that there will be actually only one mixing , uh , like device , and they will not . i 'm not sure if will be too . if we will be able to connect to the separate separate channels for the two speakers . so the ( ? ? ) solution is to assume only one channel and say that the this one channel . if it is the used by two persons at the same time , uh will fail . and that is why we have the separate track . so preferably , yes , yeah , the the the the uh , i will write it down . uh . so uh , preferably , the get to separate voice channels channels . but , uh , we actually uh , count on having only one and uh , saying that asr fails with a two people speaking at the same time . yeah . so will see , for this . so uh , tea should should should check with andre uh , the exact , uh , mixing , uh device that up . uh . to uh , learn if we can uh , have uh , two channels or just one . ( t ) i just ( ? ? ) email to everyone here . so you should have recieve it . ( o ) okay . yeah . yeah . thank you . ( d ) ( ? ? ) so actually really go for the second option here , which is saying , and we have ones input channel and then say okay asr may fail if there ( ? ? ) people speaking at the same time , because if you do have two separate channels , and would also need two separate recording setups , and i do not know , and ( ? ? ) it just gets more complicated . so which is really a ( ? ? ) as good one output and if . ( ? ? ) the speaker . so to say , behave and only speak one after the another we are fine . but in the other case . it will not work . ( o ) yeah . okay . so let us let us . let us make it simple from the beginning of the number of headsets that is still higher , because we need . like two people are getting their headsets on , and twi people having uh . so i would say four , uh , four for this stage . so two times two needed . uh . and one could be for , uh , for backup , if one of them fails , or something like that , because it is going to get time critical . so we need two two people putting their headsets on and . uh . we actually ( ? ? ) uh , we count on having only one channel channel and say that asr may fail . well . it fail i do not think it , or would it ? can it succeed in it at all succeed . if it ? yeah , i think that asr will fail . ( ? ? ) yeah , uh , that is so uh , but anyway , uh , we should check . i will delete this now , but we should check with andre how to connect our headsets . now two of them to the same mixing device so that it gets both amplified for the participants the sitting in the auditorium as well , as for uh , the the um for the notebook to to send it to ( ? ? ) . ok , for the video mixing . this is unclear . we do not have a second ( ? ? ) , and we will come to this the uh , later on . so the uh . the worst option is that we are not able to present subtitles jointly with the ( ? ? ) . uh , so uh , we can um have another uh , likes separate overhead projector and project , the subtitles elsewhere on the on the wall , or like over the slides and the same space , slightly like damaging , the uh , the picture , or uh we could only have the subtitles present online in one of the what pages that a ( ? ? ) will will probably have running . and we can build participant . if you have your own internet connection . you can watch the subtitles here . uh . so the the the the worst situation is that we do not provide any subtitles in the room for for the physically present people . if you have any other tips . then uh , let me know , but will it will come to this ( ? ? ) it is mainly related to the uh , ( ? ? ) thing . so the the critical thing is , how many notebooks are there . uh . ( ? ? ) can you bring one more for the voice recording or should wee , a cover that . ( d ) so i think we should have one more for voice recording that we can use , but do not have that many notebook in general . so if you have one just to be on safe side and i think we have uh , one more that we can bring , um but we have to check ( ? ? ) . yeah , uh , ( ? ? ) a backup . so uh , we are . we also like need to do what we need to scrutinize , how many notebooks we have for this . uh . so tea , this is this for you to have to make sure that we have something . and it should be a whatever linux right ? ( d ) well . if we use it to display the the subtitles and it cant be any operating system for the recording client . we mainly use linux or or mac machines here , but i think that the architecture itself should be platform independent so i mean we have also installed our client on windows machine . yeah we mainly use , pervoice as recording program . ( o ) yeah , so the presentation of the subtitles independent , uh , like on a separate overhead projector is easy that can be done really with anything . uh . if we do have the second ( ? ? ) then we would need actually to make this notebook , the video mixing one , and that would uh , then have to be linux . ( d ) and it does not have to be so , so so far , we used to video mixing on windows machines , because they , the driver situation is much more easier , especially on a screen capture devices . so um , i also got it to work on the mac ones , but actually havent used it with the linux yet . ( o ) . ( t ) sorry i need to interrupt you , because i will have to leave , i just wanted to ask pervoice and carlsruhe , who will be coming ? for the fair trade . ( d ) i will be there , if you can please send me information where i can stay for the staying . . ( t ) sure okay . ( c ) ( ? ? ) should setup everything and when we have to attempt ( ? ? ) exactly . ( t ) okay , so i dont know if you have to be there on tuesday , i dont think so . but on the wednesday , in the morning from 9am till 12 , there will be like the installation of the like promotion boot , so someone from you will have to prepare the offline offline demo and so on . and in the morning we will be probably testing if everything is running . ( c ) okay , so . the afternoon is with ( ? ? ) . ( t ) yes . ( c ) on tues- a on thursday and on friday so some presentation or . ( t ) on thursday on the small stage the will be the competition during the whole day , i guess so , and on friday its again only half day because from 12 to 1pm there will be like the final ceremony and the closing and so and from 1pm till 2pm there will be like cleaning and packing and then its the end of the fair . ( c ) ( ? ? ) should be from wednesday to friday . ( t ) yes . ( o ) yeah . from wednesday morning preferably . ( t ) yes . ( c ) guess we have little bit to discuss who is attending ( ? ? ) . ( t ) okay . ( c ) ( ? ? ) information with joining . ( t ) okay , great . ( o ) and remember there is like quite some heavy hardware that you will be bringing so , its one notebook for the offline show , two notebooks for the main stage and then if you have one notebook or perhaps even two for the secondary stage right ? so it could be up to five , notebooks . and one ( ? ? ) . have you taken note ? ( d ) yeah . ( o ) yeah , thank you . so then there is the for this is mainly for us this is like you you need to ( ? ? ) less about this . there is this transcription space . where likely there have been no ethernet connection , a and only on ( ? ? ) wi-fi wireless . which is like it will not be given for use to the other participants of the . ( ? ? ) because the every booth will will set up their own wi-fi . ( c ) i didnt heard you ondrej . ( o ) oh , am i muted ? no , what- whats wrong . just the signal was . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) okay , yeah . so what i was saying is that at the transcription space , which is where the participants of the ninety seconds the interval . of the in the elevator , they will come to the transcription space , and they will transcribe their own speech , we dont expect wired connection there . uh , we expect only ( ? ? ) wireless . which will share the same bandwidth to the internet with the wired connection , a and additionally has the risk of of being crammed with other people 's wi-fi 's . uh , this is what will have to live with . but this is not a like online show this is still happening during the day . but there is some room for like for delays . and there is the offline presentation booth , i would just like to double check whether andrej providing a power socket there right ? i think so . ( t ) yes , they are . one . ( o ) yeah yeah , one will will will make sure that we have extended course , this is okay . there is no internet and wi-fi . okay ? so now they now i think tea can leave for her purposes . there is um a hope that will be anything ( ? ? ) . the video mixer , yes . so we have run into the problem that epifun that you have is probably no longer available , uh , because they have moved only to man- way more expensive devices . so the question is whether we can get different video recording device . so one option is to get older ones that will be the first link , and another option would be to select from uh , the uh , the car , and ones by other vendors . and i 'm not sure if the if you like , what is the best setup . this is the random . i 'm not . i 'm not sure what i 'm looking for the for . so if if carlsruhe can help me that will be great . ( d ) yes , in general , i would prefer devices from epifun simply because they are made for professional use . so they should supported wider variety of input resolutions as well as input signals . so so to say , analog ( ? ? ) inputs as a vga and hdmi . whereas on the second link i mainly see some recording equipment for gamers , and that typically limited to the typical 720p 1080p resolutions digital only inputs , and it may not be so flexible within the use . ( o ) yeah , but if theres . ( d ) use those before i mean ( ? ? ) devices . ( o ) yeah , so you would rather recommend older epifun from ebay over new device . ( d ) so i would recommend older epifun device over a new gaming ( ? ? ) elgato what they are , so i would not buy gaming recording device . ( o ) well maybe there is further down the list this- this is probably sorted by the price , not this is so price low to high that will be . this would be the gaming so or price high to low so avermedia is something that you would say would be okay , no this is still game capturing . ( d ) yeah its probably , i mean what i see here its mainly game capturing . i mean they they they may work i just havent used those . ( o ) well if . ( d ) this is something that in theory could also be fixed within vga hdmi convertor . ( o ) yeah but its further configuration work and . ( d ) and another device . ( o ) yeah , exactly . so and of the older epifuns , because we were unable to find a new one , is there anything on the e-bay that you could like tell us by this . and we we are happy to to like spend 4 and half thousand czech crowns from the united states to be from china . but i have no idea which is the correct one , to to order . obviously subject is actually ( ? ? ) broken ( d ) they probably from top to bottom i think the first one looks okay . ( o ) so the external video grabber yeah , dvi to usb 3 . ( d ) question is are there any input ( ? ? ) because its been shipped from us . ( o ) i am no idea . ( d ) figure out also , yeah , felix ( ? ? ) been shipped from us and it probably will be make it in time . ( ? ? ) other one from from israel . so in general ( ? ? ) itself . at epifun . ( o ) yes . and apparently they dont sell those cheaper ones any any more , and instead they sell only something which is 10 times more expensive . or more . ( d ) yeah , well , i think ( ? ? ) also was not bad , cheap when you bought it , so i think . yeah i mean . ( o ) so , i 'm fine with like two or three hundred euros . but this was 1000 dollars . ( d ) okay , so i found one for 4 hundred euros . ( o ) okay , and thats at epifun webpage ? ( d ) yeah , at epifun . com , and ( ? ? ) go to products . ( o ) can you just paste the link paste the link to the google doc . ( d ) sure , i can . ( o ) okay . yeah , 400 dollars , okay . so now this is this is the thing that would be compatible with your current set up for the video , a mixing for the laptop , right ? ( d ) yes . so you can also see it support both hdmi as well as vga input . so i think its basically just the current model of what we have . ( o ) okay , okay , thats good . so we have not . we were not able to find this one . for some reason . so thats thats much better . yes , its more expensive than than what we would have ( ? ? ) , but its okay , so we will probably order this one . and in that case , uh , we need to set up the software so , that yeah who can help us with this like . ( d ) yeah , so i think this should be not big issue setting everything up i mean we can have individual call with this tool to get you started . if theres anything else you need from me marcus particular i think we should address this now , because i also have to run to the next appointment . ( o ) yes , yes , yes . okay , yeah so thank you . so that seems ( ? ? ) we have the solution for the hardware , and now quick question on the ( ? ? ) pt , sebastian talk mentioned colleague who could help , the idea for the naopart is to have the attraction at the booth at the offline booth , so is there someone at carslruhe who would have the time for debugging and and trying to use the nao as as speakers or microphone . yeah simply who is contact person not that we should discuss this now , this is very optional . ( c ) ( ? ? ) robots as well . ( ? ? ) really good ( ? ? ) system , the problem is ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) okay its a bad system because normally you have ( ? ? ) robot voice ( ? ? ) . so you would really need ( ? ? ) system and we have ( ? ? ) . and so i would ( ? ? ) only if you have really good tds system , google ( ? ? ) . and i dont know if you can use it , and i would say ( ? ? ) leave this option out . ( ? ? ) bad tds system . ( o ) yeah , okay , so i know that colleague of mine has worked with nao and to one of other occasions here , and he has used google tds and then like its stopped working and reason was probably because he ran out of the three three minutes of of of demo use . ( c ) ( ? ? ) with um dis- um online tds systems , so we have no offline system so our only option would to be to use an online system they havvery good quality but the problem is if you lose your internet connection or something else its a little its not so good and you make bad impression and your system is good but only because of this ( ? ? ) make a bad yeah impression and so i would say , yeah i dont would risk ( ? ? ) . if its not important i would leave it out . ( o ) okay , yeah , yeah . thank you . so now the were finally coming to the saucer components . so we have already discussed the image below carlsruhe was not here . so carlsruhe , please have look for the down in the document and scroll down i 'll scroll down for you now we have discussed like what the session looks like . and we now know that the recording will be , and the saving will be rather a worker and not not client from this . from the point of view of of the mediator , but thats that the little change . and i would just like to highlight here again , that we expect your asr to work into stages as you 've described previously . so first emitting words . and then the second worker consuming these words and putting them together into sentences and emmiting them as sentences , is that correct ? is it the way it would be set up . and maybe it is already set up in the carlsruhe ( ? ? ) text , yes . yes , you are emitting ( ? ? ) text and then where is the worker for the ( ? ? ) text . ( d ) ( ? ? ) already , one below its like ( ? ? ) text to text on the first page . a first page . yes , so the last four items are . ( o ) i see , okay . yeah ( ? ? ) text to text . so we ll connect these together and the reason is that we would like to connect our asr preferably ( ? ? ) so with the ( ? ? ) setup we would only be producing czech unsegmented text , and then we would reuse this is what we 've discussed before the weekend , then we would ruse th pipeline from unsegmented text to text like for obviously for retraining it changing it but using your slt kit tools , so the second worker for czech will be the same and the first worker will have to be different if we are able to connect ( ? ? ) to this , so this is all i wanted . ( d ) i mean but you have to train models of course then for czech . ( o ) yes . yes , we have to train models for czech for the second part , the segmenter for mt , yeah . so this this part for czech has to be redone with slt kit yes . and this part wil be yeah there is still lot of work , fortunately this czech part is not critical for the fair like their yes yes indeed there its its fair with foreign students so czech will be spoken only very rarely there at at the presentation venue . so we mainly need english . so this is this is good were like on on the safe side . uh , okay , so that the ( ? ? ) set up a is it feasible . we have discussed this . is there a correct distinguishing between clans and workers who have fixed this . uh , the english ( ? ? ) will be worker , yes . clients can only receive , we understand this , some streams must be connected to several component . does it need this ? yeah . so . so yes , thats thats a general question on the mediator . so in some setups , we know that like the of the take the lets take the example of a doubly recording the same voice . so , there is the notebook that get the audio signal sends this to the mediator . and then we need this , this voice signal to be saved both to like interrupted stream . and in another a worker we need to save it per parts . uh , my understanding is that i would set this up with the fingerprints so that i would say that the first the the client that get the audio and then sends it to the mediator produces a produces for example . it produces the input fingerprint , it it produces german hybrid , then the recording worker consumes this de hybrid and it produces , the hybrid dash copy one . and then the asr the asr itself should connect to de hybrid copy one . to do the to do the asr job . yeah . i 'm not clear , i realize . ( d ) ( ? ? ) . let me type to ( ? ? ) chiara . ( c ) i also didnt understand your example but you are probably on the correct way , one client may run for example one output stream to the mediator but ask for two different ( ? ? ) . for example one asking for one recorded audio and one ask asr recognition . ( d ) sorry , we lost you . ( ? ? ) ( o ) you are just quiet , you are really quiet . ( c ) do you hear me ? a little bit better . ( o ) yes , thats better . ( c ) okay . one client may start one output stream but ask for one or more input stream , one for example from the audio recorder worker and one asking for asr recognition . i commited an example last week in the github repo in order to explain a little bit better how to perform these usecase through ab client . ( o ) um-hum , yeah . okay , so i think its its lets proven not go into the details in this call where everybody 's present will talk to you chiara later on . if we are not sure . yeah . if if our way of setting up is the optimal . uh , yeah . so uh , that lets lets leave this for for the technical discussions . then yes , tyson is not on this call , right ? is he ? ( d ) no , no . ( o ) yeah , because his his help would be would be would be appreciated for the uh , interruptive worker that will save , uh , the signal to separate files . so we will have one session spending for two hours or more of the 90 seconds per uh , ninety second in elevator . so this will be recorded as the whole . but then we would like to have a secondary worker . and the secondary worker should just , uh , have , uh , get some input signal from elsewhere , such as a touchfile in in the directory and if touchfile exists it would open the touch file and see what file what output file name it should use for the current recording . it would would then save the coming the incoming data to this one , uh , recording file , then the touch file would would be deleted by the operators sitting at the at the the uh , the stage , and these this stopping worker or this interrupted worker will keep fitting in the pipeline . but it will no longer record into any file . and again , when touch file appears again . it would start saving the data again to uh , to another file . so for this for this tweak of of standard recording worker , uh , experience of tyson or , someone else would be . would be useful . so we 'll talk to him separately , right . yeah , uh . okay ? so i think yeah . yeah , okay . yes , i heard my voice was not always recognized but nevermind . so that yeah , there is there is some dresscode . this is something to discuss with tea and also obey what whatever she says , she says black trousers white shirt and then she is going to buy blue bowties and blue ( ? ? ) . so this is for those who are actually coming you will you will learn about this later on . um . so the basic machine translation support is from english into german and czech . and hopefully , if we get czech running as well , then from czech into english . and from czech into german via english . that would be maybe automatically in the in the mediator , uh , and the status of the empty components . so this is this is finally the place where i would like to ask my colleague ondrej kosarko to present i 'll just give him my my headphones . to to say what is the current status , and uh , to how to how should we test our our machine translation with your german with your english with your english asr . so here is here is ondrej now ( o2 ) hello everyone , can you hear me ? ( d ) yes . ( o2 ) okay . so , the currents current status at the moment is that , um , i 'm actually not able to ping the mediator to pervoice . com so i 'm not sure whether its up or or down , maybe i 've missed the the some details at the beginning , so . ( c ) ( ? ? ) ( o2 ) okay . let me say that it is not possible to just ping the server because ping is not available . so you have to check the connection to the port . okay , i though it was pinging but nevermind , so good to know that its not possible to ping the server . anyway so when there is , like , ( ? ? ) servers we can start the clients there and basically see what happens , so from what i 've understand there is there will be um , input coming in in english right ? and does the client request the czech translation or is is there a client or whats the setup at the moment . ( d ) if you use the example client you can send eng- english audio and request the czech translation and then ( ? ? ) should automatically find the ( ? ? ) . do you hear me ? i cant hear anything . ( o2 ) everything is gone . ( d ) now its back again . ( o2 ) okay , sorry , i didnt hear you for a for a ( ? ? ) more than minute so . could you repeat what you were saying ? ( d ) i just said that you can use the example client to send czech audio to the mediator , ( ? ? ) workers are available . you can get english transcript , or or in requesting the transcript on the other way , you can send english audio and then you will get the translation in czech . ( o2 ) okay , so . so there is an asr for for what language for english or for for . ( d ) ( ? ? ) for german ( ? ? ) connected . ( o2 ) okay . we will get some sample in in english and we will test it with the simple client okay . are there any any specific requirements for the sample i mean . you know that the sampling grade or something like that . ( c ) well , 16 ( ? ? ) . i will send you audio specifics by email maybe . ( o2 ) okay . so , th- the thing is running now and we can test it whenever we want or are there any any things that we should think or to do before we start testing . or or , yeah . ( c ) ( ? ? ) whenever ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( o2 ) um , um , it might be nice when you are sending an mail with the with the details about the the simple setup , could also send some some example command ( ? ? ) client just to you know make it quicker . ( c ) okay . ( o2 ) yeah , okay . thanks , um . pass ondrej . thank you and bye . ( o ) hi , so thanks for the ( ? ? ) , i was not able to listen to them unfortunately because ( ? ? ) out of headphones . so ( ? ? ) the the worker for i 'll show the admin web . the smt from english into czech like an equivalent for the line that i have now highlighted in the in the mediator admin web is ready . but we need to test it and there could be many bugs discovered and we expect that we should connect after the line that i 've highlighted now , so after the kit translation service and ( ? ? ) which produces n text is that correct ? i dont hear anyone . okay . ( d ) yes , from ( ? ? ) . ( o ) so , as as ondrej said please send us and i dont think you have send it yet to me , i 'm not sure but correct me if i 'm wrong . please send us also the sample command line to test it , so the command line that takes some audio file on sitting on our disc , works as the client to the mediator sendthe speech in an online form , like online for online processing not the batch processing and uses your asr into unsegmented text and moves on to the asr so moves onto the english segmented text then uses our worker to get the translation and then prints the translation . this is something which is very simple for you to write but this will be our first use of of of this pipeline so seeing the command will will save us a lot of time . ( c ) yes , no problem , i will send you the example and the audio specifics . ( o ) yeah . yeah , so we 'll we 'll try this and we need to try this very soon today tommorow so that if there are any problems with the worker of ours then we can ( ? ? ) them because like we expect receive individual sentences in english but there is problems ( ? ? ) here . ( c ) okay . ( o ) yeah , okay thank you . so actually we will receive the example command from chiara not from not from jan and from carlsruhe point of view all with service are running we should be simply able to use them and thats it . right ? ( d ) thats what we hope , as always we are not sure . but yeah . ( o ) yeah , yeah . here is what is this . yes , so someone has it was probably dominic , it would be perhaps interesting but this is very optional , to also offers subtitles translated or not like not present them at all . but to offer them in the online web form web web webpresenter . to other languages . so there is 52 czechs , 3 slovaks , 19 german , like participants , 19 italian . so whenever whenever i say company it means like 2 perhaps 3 high school students or maybe 4 i dunno . and then 13 belgian , which is dutch and french probably but we dont know the the separation , 7 romanian companies , 4 spanish companies , 3 russian companies , 3 bulgarian companies , and and 1 luxembourghish company . so here is the priority of languages that people would like to read , perhaps . and we can , this is very optional , nobody expect that from expect that from us at the fair , but it will be a dry run for the for the sao setups with more target languages . so if we can add further workers for having translations . available also in italian , and in german , well german is there . so italian , and french , that would be good . and then romanian i dont think that we have that . and spanish would be an interesting interesting thing to have . ( ? ? ) . ( d ) yeah , kit can start workers for italian , french and spanish . ( o ) yeah , so , yeah . i 'll just ( ? ? ) and that would be good and if you would start this workers how do we make the clients available . so like ( ? ? ) . ( d ) ( ? ? ) can always specify which language he wants to have and he just has to specify then that he wants to have this languages . ( o ) yeah . so , my question is what is the way of presenting these additional subtitles to the participants . so for that you have a webpage that shows this , can we see the webpage or how does it work , this webpage connects as a client to the mediator right ? ( d ) so i mean we havent ( ? ? ) webpage yet for pervoice but for our mediators we have a webpage and there you can select the session and then you can select from all available workers which language is you want to show . ( o ) yeah , so is it compatible with the current pervoice platform , can we also try this like debug this in in the coming days so that we know that the presentation it is also important for for the case that we failed to have the second video mixer for the secondary stage . so i think it would be good to have this webpage running . but it has to be compatible with the current mediator , or there should be another such webpage from pervoice . so what what is available , what can we use presenting translations . ( d ) currently we dont have the ( ? ? ) webpage , we can first ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . webpage mediator ( ? ? ) . you know we have to do the presentation ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yes , yeah . ( d ) it will be developed but not for the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) not for the fair , right , yeah . so the only option that we have for now is is to try to get the carlsruhe presentation webpage running . do you know the details , anyone on the call , how difficult it is to to set it up even with the our mediator and what complications can we expect when moving to the pervoice mediator as it is , as it works now . ( d ) we have to talk with sebastian he 's ( ? ? ) managing , the thing he is ( ? ? ) on holidays , so i dont know if we can test it this week or only next week . ( o ) um-hum . and its proprietary or is there any chance that you could release this later on . ( d ) i have no idea . sorry . i have to talk with sebastian . ( o ) yeah , okay , yeah . too bad . okay so well , this is this is i mentioned that is is highly optional . then we 'll probably ask next week but that will be ( ? ? ) only to , well that will give us only the one week . to to try running it . and fixing whatever is needed . so another , but ( ? ? ) i dont think that we will be able to like create such a client ourselves within his limited time so . yeah , hopefully hopefully it will work , at least as a fallback . and whether we will need the workers whether we will actually be able to present the translation ( ? ? ) something ( ? ? ) collect . would there be any chance to ask him like where , so ask sebastian even on holiday like where it is and if you could look at it or is that a ( ? ? ) . ( d ) i mean its not that easy to setup , so you need to be , its not that we can do it half a day or so . so i guess setting up is little more complicated . ( o ) in contact ( ? ? ) . okay , so lets probably leave it as it is because for the main purpose we ne- we have the the thing that we need or that will be the video mixing thing that you have and you will be bringing physically for for the main stage , so for the main thing this will work . okay , so this is we are at the end of of this very complex list and . everything that i wanted to ask , is there anything that you you realized that i might have forgotten or . if not i would like to double check for holidays like who else , who is now on the on the on the call is going to have holidays before the fair , anyone or ? ( ? ? ) . okay , i take that everyday from now on everybody will be will be present so hopefully we would be able to get everything running . we definitly should have the , the english to czech subtitling with our machine translation system tested this week and we should know the bugs this week so that we have the next week to to fix but we should hopefully it will work out ( ? ? ) but i 'm not sure we 'll we 'll we 'll have to see . so the sooner you you like . we should actually , ( ? ? ) it connected i 'll talk to ondrej and we should try today to connect it to the mediator and then get the command line from chiara and and and run it and we should order the epifun and see if its if its at all coming in in time for this . and the headsets , yes this is another important which which to buy , this is the highlighted thing , this is also something that will need time . so please carlsruhe fill this for us whatever is recommended and we 'll , if you if you if you find . it has an english interface but we know that this eshop is very fast with delivery . so if you find the good , some suitable headset at alza i 'm quite sure that we 'll get it in time . yes , so can someone from carlsruhe confirm that . hello . ( d ) i have lost part , i have lost part of the your speech . ( o ) okay , yeah , i said we will try to order the epifun , as we discussed below and we need to know from carlsruhe perhaps even pervoice which headphones , not not phones the microphone the headset micrphone , should we buy and then give out to the presenters , and if you if you would be so nice and look at the alza . cz eshop it has also an english interface and locate some of the headsets because this is an eshop that we know very well and reliable and and it has fast delivery . so with alza i 'm quite sure that we would be able to get those headphones , headsets in in time . for eshops there is a risk with with the purchase . ( o2 ) okay . just a quick question from my side ( ? ? ) , i am looking for wired microhpones or wireless microphones . ( o ) i think it has to be wireless , because thats ( ? ? ) it will be at the stage i dont think that , that the wired microphones would work . ( o2 ) okay , all right , sure just wanted to make sure and i have a look at wireless and send you some recommendations . ( o ) yeah , okay . okay , thank you . its everything from my point of view at this moment , so if nobody has anything to add . thank you very much . yeah well i 'm i 'm getting nervous , i hope you are not . and we 'll see each other in two weeks from now , and we 'll also be in touch with with resolving any other technical issues as we test the the whole setup . okay . so thank you very much for participation , thank you bye bye . ( c ) thank you , bye . ( d ) bye bye . ( o2 ) bye .", "tgt": "technical parameters . time planning , counting time , number of headsets . needed accesories . going to test asr . going to do live transcribing ."}
{"src": "( ob ) : yeah let 's , so as so i hope that eh everybody 's fine with recording of the session for the purposes of eh the project . the minuting exercise . \u00e2 we will decide later on whether we eh can actually publish this as part of the corpus that we will collect , but for the purposes of project , your voices will be recorded . and and we will review what you have said , and we will transcribe this and we will try to like use this as a test case for for the minuting exercise . so if , i hope , that everybody 's ok with this . \u00e2 if not , please , let me know\u00e2 now , or by command to the chat or whatever . okay . so eh you can now start the recording . ( s1 ) : oh , sorry . i guess i 'll should . ( ob ) : \u00e2 ( instant . ) ( s1 ) : it 's already started . ( ob ) : \u00e2 okay . i did not- yeah , \u00e2 so there is no indication of that , or yes ? \u00e2 yes , there is . \u00e2 ( s1 ) : on the bottom of the main panel . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , there is too many buttons . ok . so thank you , everybody . and i will try to share my screen now , is it sharing my screen ? ( s1 ) : it is . it is working ! \u00e2 ( ob ) : \u00e2 excellent , so . the agenda for today has grown in the last few minutes , but that 's okay . let me quickly tell you the status of the agreements . so it took a while until we , like discovered all the buttons and and steps that all the partners have to do , but at the moment , i believe that we have correctly submitted everything what was needed by the european commission to consider our ground agreement . \u00e2 remember , the ground agreement is the agreement that is signed by all the partners , eh and also the the funding party , the european commission . \u00e2 and it eh , contents everything , the budgets . it contains also the detail description of work , which is essentially what we have written in the proposal in the in the past . so this is the the work packages the deliverables , the milestones , the timing , everything . so that is that is in the system . and the now it 's submitted , so we can not edit it anymore . if the european commission still finds , something strange , they re-open it for us and then correct it . but hopefully it 's , we have already gone through this , and hopefully , this is finished . i 'm not totally sure , when this is to be signed . \u00e2 at one point , i understood , that the grand agreement is being prepared , \u00e2 like at the same time was consortium agreement . and then the consortium agreement should be signed before the grant agreement . so , we 'll see . \u00e2 the most important thing is , that the very ultimate deadline for the ground agreements , signature is the december of 18th , but that 's very late . so i actually expect this to happen several weeks before this deadline . because , again , there can be various the issues , technical things , that need to be resolved , and that could slow us down , and this would be risking the the whole project . so are there any comments or questions to the status of the ground agreement ? yeah , yeah . if not , then let 's move to the consortium agreement . and the consortium agreement is this sign-\u00e2 is is the document that is signed by all the partners , but not the funding party . and the , the main reason reason to have this consortium agreement , is to commit everybody to provide the resources , that are needed for the project . \u00e2 so that we can cooperate freely and can focus on the research and do not be slowed down by licensing and and all that . \u00e2 so that , so this consortium agreement like , says the uh , the working environment , \u00e2 with respect to resources , nice for us researchers . and and also for for all the other partners , and the team . and then , eh , the other things , that are held by the consortium agreement concern , also like the running of that eh o of the project , so that some formal aspects that we have this\u00e2 board , where every partner is represented by one person . and and things like that , how often we meet formally eh , and this is our and the coordinators duty to to prepare such meetings , and and so on . and eh other sections talk about the dissemination of their results and their exploitation . \u00e2 so if in in essence , everybody can exploit things , that they have created alone , as they would be able to exploit anyway . \u00e2 and for shared eh results , there has to be an agreement between those , who have who have contributed to that shared result . so that 's that 's in very rough\u00e2 terms , what is then precisely written in consortium agreement . so , has everybody , eh browsed or carefully read the consortium agreement draft , that we recently ( hit ) ? \u00e2 please confirm now that you have . like , i 've seen comments from various people , but not from everybody . so , everybody , please confirm , that you have had some chance to , to look at it . ( s2 ) : i have , i have looked ( through ) . ( s3 ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : i have n't seen anything controversial . but i have n't got any feedback from the legal people about it . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah . and , so are you still expecting any ? \u00e2 ( s2 ) : well , yeah , mainly because they would be the ones , that have to approve it before it would be signed , so i ( ? ? ) \u00e2 anything . our administrative person was on holiday till last week , she 's back today . hopefully , they get some update during in this week . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah , ok . ( s2 ) : so that was the to the ( ? ? ) controversial . but . yeah , i 'm not the one who has ( an eye ) to it . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah . maybe any any form procedures on everybody 's partners side , so . at everybody 's eh , site .\u00e2 so , are there any , like deadlines or or time frames , that everybody expects their legal people to talk about this consortium agreement ? so that do we have to agree on some time line ? so that by some date , it is a fix document , that you will then show to your legal people and in two weeks from that time , you will get it back , eh or would would such a formal timing be useful , or can we simply go through this today , and everybody will go home with their , with the specific questions . and in two weeks from now , we will join again and , like result the the questions and that would be , that would be it ? ( s2 ) : i think that sounds fine . i think , yeah . ( s3 ) : yeah . \u00e2 it sounds fine . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah , yeah . \u00e2 so no formal procedures , eh timing , uhm , topics or questions raised today . will be discussed internally at each site in about two weeks from now . we will discuss them and resolve them jointly\u00e2 \u00e2 \u00e2 yea , okay . so , thank you for for this confirmation . \u00e2 and eh then , i , i , my critical question to towards the consortium agreement is , whether the supreme auditing office is signing it or not . and as i 've just read from sao , they 're still eh\u00e2 discussing this . que it 's not a problem for the project , in either case . \u00e2 because if they are signing the consortium agreement , that means that they will have access to the resources and it would be very easy for them to provide data to the project and and exploit , or like experiment with the , with the results of the project during the project lifetime . so the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement will make the collaboration easier , a the little bit from the whole point of view . \u00e2 but if they decide not to sign it , they will be covered by us . and i 've talked to our legal people , and our legal people said , `` well , that is easy , we will simply prepare two things , probably one memorandum that that like , in broad terms says , that the charles university and supreme audit office eh collaborate and then there will be a specific small agreement , that will talk about the data '' .\u00e2 so , and and also to the use of of the tools that that we developed here . \u00e2 so that , on basis of this , the just the bilateral agreement between the charles university and sao . \u00e2 sao will be providing the meeting , the meetings , and and the documents to translate and all of that to the to the coordinator and thus to the , to the consortium . and on the other hand , sao will be entitled to use the technologies that we developed here for the purposes of projects , for the evaluation , at the congress . \u00e2 for the eurosai congress and so on . so this is , i do not think it it changes anything from the technical point of view , but it has to be cleared out from the legal point of view . \u00e2 what is easier for sao to sign , whether the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement , or whether they prefer the bilateral binding to us . ( s2 ) : uhm ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah . so if if there any questions or comments or suggestions maybe from the past , you know , what is what is easier than this , let me know . otherwise , we\u00e2 will simply proceed . i will make sure that our legal people talk to sao legal people , and they agree in one way , or another . ( s2 ) : and and how you think about it agreement , because-\u00e2 ( ob ) : \u00e2 it definitely has to be before the end of the year , sure , yes . before the project starts . so that time frame is the same . ( s2 ) : but the consortium agreement is kind of , it can really be finalised , until , you know-\u00e2 ( ob ) : \u00e2 well , uh . so the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement , can not be finalised , until the decision is known . so if sao is signing\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement , \u00e2 then this is easy , and they will result the things themselves . \u00e2 eh , in that time frame of for the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement . \u00e2 if sao is not signing it , we will mention sao and one of the attendances there . that 's for the affiliated parties , or whatever . and the the bilateral agreements between charles university and sao will be prepared independently of this . and may\u00e2 yeah , this is this , yea . i think that that it should be doable in very few weeks , like two or three weeks . \u00e2 \u00e2 eh , but milo\u00e5\u00a1 , please confirm , or that your legal people are accessible at this space . \u00e2 whether you can simply talk to them , and in , you expect them them to be able to sign the bilateral agreement in two weeks from from the point when you ask ? \u00e2 so milo\u00e5\u00a1 ? are you\u00e2 ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : now it looks , yeah . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah . ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : it 's a double mute feature , i really\u00e2 it 's a bad thing . ( ob ) : \u00e2 okay , yeah . ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : so at least i know- ( ob ) : \u00e2 so ? ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : that means off , okay . well , it wo n't be me talking to the rea legal people , it will be zden\u00e4\u203ak , and i have no experience with them whatsoever , so ? but i think it sounds reasonable but , well . i do n't know . ( ob ) : \u00e2 yeah , yeah , this is something that should be , like clarified quickly . like , it does n't have to be\u00e2 \u00e2 ( ob ) : \u00e2 done quickly , but it has to be made . we have to be confident , that this is easy to archieve . eh , so please , wheve as soon as you talk to to your boss zden\u00e4\u203ak \u00e5 \u00e3\u00adr , please , ask about the legal thing . \u00e2 and the sooner we get our legal people talk to your legal people directly , the better . \u00e2 and i think it should happen definitely , well , this week , like today , tomorrow . ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : yeah , i agree . \u00e2 ( ob ) : \u00e2 okay . yeah , so we will we will proceed along this , and then , we will let everybody know which uh , what happens . \u00e2 for everybody else , i do n't think that eh , that it affects anything . if we go for the bilateral agreement , then we will probably like , well , it 's . essentially , it is it is up . \u00e2 ... cleaned up , and that we can carry out the project . \u00e2 so that we can get the data from you and , and so on . \u00e2 if , yeah . we might ask you for experience . or if , if any partner , especially pervoice , for example , who are still not here , eh or or alphaview , if they feel , that some particular access rights to thing , so some some access to some data or some use of some technology , has to be explicitly mentioned in this agreement , and if it 's the bilateral agreement-style , then please , talk to me . \u00e2 so that we make sure that it is explicitly mentioned . so if you- ( s3 ) : yeah . ( ob ) : \u00e2 had concerns , that sao might have problems or or , might be slow in probe , \u00e2 in providing something , or if you had concerns about sao using alphaview in in some way , or another way , this is something that , that should be clarified in the in the agreement beforehand . and then , that 's , let 's let 's warn about it as soon as you realise . \u00e2 so even if , if there are like flaws in the agreements , we can always create other like further bilateral agreements , for example , between alphaview and sao independently , and we can also refine , like update this consortium agreement , and all that . so so it is not as an irreversible thing . \u00e2 if we make an error , we can always fix it . but it 's most important to to keep the communication running , and and discuss things and and ( prim ) problems , if that 's possible . \u00e2 \u00e2 yeah , i see someone 's ringing . yeah , yeah , okay . so , eh , yeah , so this is this is- i 'm sorry . so i will just add one comment . \u00e2 during this week , cuni and sao will make sure their legal people talk to each other and agree eh in uh week from now to sign ca or to go for the bilateral a a agreements . yep , okay , so then , another thing , that we need to discuss , are the various comments and options that we pre-selected in the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement . and one particle thing , that i just wanted to highlight is , that there is one section on on those like intellectual property topics . \u00e2 and for this one , we have pasted in the module that is aimed for the the software style of intellectual property . \u00e2 all this is essentially a template that was created by european project called desca and this desca project simply create create a sampled agreement for\u00e2 consortium with some modules\u00e2 and we have selected\u00e2 what we found most appropriate . and\u00e2 i would suggest to go over the over the\u00e2 consortium\u00e2 agreement now . \u00e2 like\u00e2 we can either proceed along the comments , or we can proceed top to bottom . \u00e2 or we can simply do it by silent agreement so that we will open only the comments that everybody remembers they they need to open . so which one do you prefer ? \u00e2 do you prefer go to top to bottom , or go over the comments , or only if anybody is not confident or not not sure about the the the proposed choice , they should speak ? ( s2 ) : i think , ond\u00e5\u2122eji , we just kind of go through the whole document , obviously . \u00e2 that thing you just have to , as you said go to the bottom and pick out the things that that you think are- ( ob ) : yeah , yeah . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : interesting for discussion or available as anything else . and between them that you shared . \u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah yeah . so um . yeah , so i 'm going to very quickly scroll through this . and , okay . \u00e2 so this is an important thing . \u00e2 alpha view gmbh . \u00e2 i 'll accept this comment right away . do you want to make a copy first ? \u00e2 that 's difficult thing . eh , so well , i 'll just say to be accepted . because i want to record the history . \u00e2 so that 's why i 'm i 'm kind of hesitating to accept the the comments right away . \u00e2 so if you spot any any topic that you would like to discuss , please say so . this is all , the comments that i have skipped so far , are related to whether the sao is signing or not . and we have discussed this in the past . uh , someone commented , on the agenda for the form meetings . whether the the timings , the requirement to send the agenda 14 days before the meeting or 7 days before the extraordinary meeting are reasonable . and um , i think we should simply keep it as it is , because this is intended for the formal meetings . it 's not for the regular project meetings that will have on uh , as needed . \u00e2 we will have them much more often than these formal meetings . so , these formal meetings are to discuss whatever the the final financial statements , or if if some party is is not providing what they are supposed to . so for these formal things , i think the the the time , \u00e2 the the specified time minutations are are reasonable , and and they should be there . but it does n't require us obviously , to say two weeks beforehand whether , when do we want to discuss the the programming language for one partical tool kit or whatever . ( s2 ) : yeah . ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : yeah , that is reasonable . i was afraid that all meetings will be at this this way , that would be horrible . \u00e2 ( ob ) : no , no , no , no . ( milo\u00e5\u00a1 ) : it would be so-\u00e2 ok . ( ob ) : yeah , yeah . so , we will try to keep the formal meetings to their minimum and the minimum is actually\u00e2 ( formerly ) described in this document . \u00e2 i have and i have a an assistant to take care of this , because i 'm bad at deadlines myself . \u00e2 and she is surely more reliable than me . \u00e2 so the formal meetings will happen at least once a year , if i 'm not mistaken . maybe it says like ever- twice a year , but we wo n't have plan to have them in person , obviously , we will have them , i think , like every six months remotely . \u00e2 but with the formal agenda sent beforehand . \u00e2 and in the in between , there will be regular meetings , especially as the the deadlines for deliverables , or milestones will be approaching . yeah , okay , so there is there is , yeah . \u00e2 simple majority or majority of deals to thirds . \u00e2 we proposed to take things simple , and depending depends on the final six , \u00e2 simple majority is 3 or 4 , oh , someone was doing the maths . \u00e2 \u00e2 ( s2 ) : i 'm gon na - i think we should n't get hung up on these things . cuz this- ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : it definetly , it 's like a sort of safety net . ( ob ) : yeah . yeah , exactly . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : yeah , we go ( off back ) like this . but\u00e2 \u00e2 in general , decision should be a consensus . ( ob ) : yes . ( s2 ) : we would really get stuck then . ( ob ) : yeah , yeah . so it 's , it 's not important at all , whether it is two thirds or or a majority . \u00e2 because we first have to agree on on the content . \u00e2 yeah . so someone asked what , whether this , the the minutes will be sent and then duplicates what if they be like properly signed with something which i do n't know at all . \u00e2 it does compliant electronic signature . so i hope not , i hope that we trust ourselves . but if anybody will require us to sign something in some way , i 'm sure the university will find a way to sign it . so\u00e2 \u00e2 yeah . so i would simply resolve this . \u00e2 yeah . \u00e2 and then , when i mention the bodies . so the bodies of the project , we have this\u00e2 \u00e2 what 's it \u00e2 the general assembly . \u00e2 where is this\u00e2 ( s2 ) : what was this ? ( ob ) : i 'm scrolling ( decisionaly ) , ( ? ? ) .\u00e2 \u00e2 yeah , it 's called `` project coordination '' committee and in the original describing , it was called the the general assembly . this is us . this is the the the body , that has every partner represented by one person and one one voice in that . \u00e2 and this is how we are making the especially the formal decisions , such as eh whether ( overall ) party from the consortium and and all these things . \u00e2 we are the the coordinator and we are responsible for the various things . uh , and the project management office will be most likely simply that single assistant of mine , who will like send the\u00e2 invitations and all this . we have the user and advisory board . and the that is something which we have specified in the project proposal . and the the user and advisory board will have their meetings with us and it will happen at least once a year , we will present what we are after . and what the project is is doing , and the outside entities , the representatives of them will will tell us whether they like it and that they can find what they see the other ways of exploiting this , or what they would do something better . the people we have for this already , like asked beforehand , are rather interesting , i would say . we have ( andreas isele ) from the european commission , the machine translation at ( ec ) , \u00e2 we also have a person from the interpreting department there . they like , they have in the past agreed that they will serve in this board . and one question that i have in in this respect , is whether we want someone from microsoft there as well , or not ? \u00e2 because as you as you might have noticed , sao is independently talking to microsoft to provide the the translation and interpreting at the eurosai congress . so there could be this ( head-to-head ) competition . and i would always like to make sure that this ( head-to head ) competition is only in the scientific terms and not in in person- and never taken in personal terms . so i would call it a friendly competition . and with with that in mind , i see it as as a nice and a ( potentionaly ) nice thing to have someone from the microsoft among the user and adviser on board . so this is just my question , whther you would be opposed to this , or whether you would promote that ? \u00e2 i do n't have any pers-\u00e2 any particular person in my in my mind on mid on my mind yet . but just in general , since they are our competitors in the comparative project , it 's something that should be discussed . so any ideas on , like avoiding the competitors in user-and-advisory board , or or promoting that ? ( s1 ) : ondrej ? \u00e2 hello , sorry to be ( lated ) . ( ob ) : yeah , no problem , thank you for joining . ( s2 ) : regarding microsoft joining the board . ( ob ) : uhm , yeah ? ( s2 ) : let me ask you - we-\u00e2 the role of microsoft in the advisory board in this case ? \u00e2 because y-\u00e2 in the past , the you know , we put the spirit to you bridge project then , and we had a reviews from other companies . for example , we had people from the la-\u00e2 of one of the biggest eh- ( ob ) : uhm ? ( s2 ) : companies of ( ? ? ) .\u00e2 so , which would be the role of microsoft in the advisory board . because i 'm a little bit\u00e2 confused about how this- ( ob ) : yeah , yea . \u00e2 so- ( s2 ) : out of presenting to-\u00e2 it 's not something what we have to present to the european commission . but-\u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah . yeah , i see your point , so that that is a very important point that that you have raised . so , i thought that by inviting them to the board , it would be easier for us to talk to them about the background , the way they do things , and the way , like what fails for them , what works for them . \u00e2 and this this formal link i saw that as as as an excuse or as as a way they motivate this discussion . but maybe , it would not work that way , maybe it would only lead to us telling them what we do and what fails for us , and they not disclosing anything . \u00e2 and in that case , it 's it 's not wise to have them on that , on the board , for sure . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : i think they are unlike this disclose asking about what they are doing - nothing . but even you know , the one way . ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : so i 'm not . i 'm not sure what the-\u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : it sounds odd there . ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : it sounds very odd to bring them onto the board . ( ob ) : yeah . okay ? so let's\u00e2 i 'll just forget this idea uh , oh , another way to look at this would be , that potentionally , if the project is successful , they could be the , like the one who buys this technology and then , it , it would be easier to to approach them if they already knew what exactly is behind the scenes and- . so it eh it could be way of exploiting our results by giving them away for some licensing thesis or whatever to to microsoft . so that 's a but a- yeah , this may be looking too far away in the future and- ( s2 ) : i do n't think microsoft have licensed anything , like i guess they always develop it themselves . ( ob ) : yeah , yeah , okay . so there is just forget the idea and let 's keep the real ( enthusiasts ) as our advisory guard . thank you . ( s2 ) : yeah , it 's a question of what we want from this advise guards . cuz i never quite heard the advisory guards really doing projects uhm- ( ob ) : yeah , so they 're here- ( s2 ) : ( ? ? ) people . ( ob ) : yeah , we expressively promised in the proposal to talk to the to the users , to the institutions to and try to persuade them to to consider the technology and test it in their particular use cases . \u00e2 so the the , i see this user advisory board mainly as a networking body , so that like we meet with the people , we have , we have a reason to send them an email , and to to send them the details . and if we word the details interestingly , and if the results in the in the presentations to use their advisory board look promising , they will hopefully want to try it out and it will help the dissemination . so i see it mainly as an advertising\u00e2 venue . maybe there are other uses . so they could eh like the the the-\u00e2 they this , the outspok-\u00e2 this is , this is the the way i see it . the explicitly expressed motivation for this is that they will provide us with use cases , they need to cover and add comments to the way we have like simplified things for us . if this simply-\u00e2 if this simplifications are reasonable , or if their business is slightly different . uh . so it is it is , like , comments on the processes that we have that we have designed and and that we are supporting with our tools . so if they , yeah , so if they do n't , uh , so that i agree with you that we have only very rarely heard commands that like influenced what we do . \u00e2 that have changed our decisions . so that is why i 'm not that hopeful about receiving such useful feedback from this user- advisory board , but it could happen . um , i see it primarily as the dissemination of the body . ( s2 ) : uhm , okay , so you 're looking for people who are interested in running multilingual meetings is that the sort of ? ( ob ) : yes , yes . ( s2 ) : and that 's the reason why you gone for the ius1 ? \u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah , yeah . ( s2 ) : yeah , okay . ( ob ) : okay so this is the user-advisory board . this is- so we have talked about it , because it is the formal body of that , of the project , and uh , yeah . \u00e2 \u00e2 ( s2 ) : but uh , but also , we should have this body in place . ( ob ) : yes , yes , yes , exactly . so if you have someone , there is already few names listed in the the description of action . and uh , \u00e2 this , we will contact these people . if you have other suggestions , please send them to , to me , and we will , will then before inviting the people , we 'll let everybody know that we are starting inviting our user advisory\u00e2 board members , this is the current list , if you have anyone to add , if you have anyone to remove , please let us know . ( s2 ) : uhm . ( ob ) : yeah . so then we have this elitr data protection officer . and this is someone who we 'll have to select someone also very soon . and the ( foreback ) is the assistant of mine , who will\u00e2 come to full ( ? ? ) position at the beginning of november , so actually before the project starts . \u00e2 but it could be anybody else as well . it is someone , who simply oversees , how data is handled , uh and whether gdpr is is done properly within the project . so if you have someone experienced , you can nominate him , that would be useful . this particular assistant of mine is is willing to learn things , but she has little experience with this herself . so if you have experienced people , that might help us . so it could be more persons , it does n't have to be a single person . and then we will also have to have a project ethics committee . and it will be three or five members , at least half of\u00e2 which will be not connected to the to the project . so they will they will be from outside . \u00e2 and the reason for having this ethics committee is to validate the procedures that that we are going to propose . and this is , \u00e2 if you remember , at the beginning of this call , i was saying something like `` remember this call is being recorded for these and these purposes '' . so this was very informal and very 'ad hoc ' way of of trying to preempt any ethics issues . and we , when doing this at large scale and not within the project , when doing this with the newcomers , with people outside from project , plain users , plain participants in everybody else 's meetings . the procedure of handling this has to be simply , like streamlined . it has to be very easy , and very cleal clear , what is happening with the data . so these are the the data handling rules that we will design and write . the assistant of mine is already working on the on the ( wardings ) of the of the consens , that people will be signing either by clicking a button or actually when the meeting happens in person or at the site . so the committee is then to validate all these procedures . so if you have someone experienced in in ethics , and and data collection and handling human participants , please let me know , we will have to find very soon people to populate this this board and to so that we have the feedback for our procedures early in the project . yeah , so , so that is the bodies . \u00e2 and let 's scroll down for then in the consortium agreement . \u00e2 \u00e2 it is not scrolling . \u00e2 it is it is zooming , okay . they had just\u00e2 went crazy . yeah , so the financial provisions\u00e2 here is , yeah i have no idea , the payments schedule ? \u00e2 yes . \u00e2 so we have selected here that we will not use internal payments , simply . we will , use , this is just simplification of how you receive money and . \u00e2 for , i hate that , i do n't know why it 's , yea . let 's see the comments , yea . \u00e2 \u00e2 so we selected an option that seems easier for us . so the coordinator will simply uh , send , the money to the parties , unless the party is is ( own ) or something . \u00e2 in short . if you have any comments , let us know . \u00e2 \u00e2 yeah , here is this joint ownership and , yeah . so we are again taking a simpler statement . \u00e2 so that if something is created jointly by several parties , every party can exploit the result as it sees fit and grant non-exclusive licenses without any consent consent from other parties who have contributed to this joint result . \u00e2 so it is like it is an two , it is an x with two sides . it can be both useful for each of the party so that they can exploit the result and on the other hand , if if , \u00e2 it will allow everybody else to exploit the results under the same conditions . yeah , so this is , if you have no problems with this , let 's select the easier option . then , there is this transfer of results eh , \u00e2 the legal person from our university said , that there is some . so , actually , he he corrected the template , because he he said that there is copyright licences and the ownership . \u00e2 and this wording , the previous wording was limited to just of , to just one form of of the legal ownership of the intellectual right . so so he has improved the wording , i i can not say anything to this . if you\u00e2 \u00e2 if you understand the differences , then then let me know , otherwise we 'll simply accept what what he has proposed . uhh , what else do we have ? \u00e2 the dissemination , cooperation , background including . yes ! so the background is very important . \u00e2 in attachment one , the parties have identified and agreed on the background of the project , and have also informed each other that access to specific uhm background is subject to to legal restrictions or limits . anything not identified in item one , ehh , in attachment one , shall not be the object of access right obligations regarding background . so this background is something that i need everybody to fill in . so please send me the background sections . i 'll now , i 'll actually show you the background of . \u00e2 where is that ? \u00e2 ( s2 ) : ( ? ? ) that sentence , that you 've just ( courted ) . ( ob ) : which one ? \u00e2 anything not identified ? ( s2 ) : not identified , it has two negatives in there , so if anything is not identified , it shall not be- ( ob ) : should not be-\u00e2 ( s2 ) : an access right obligations . \u00e2 ok , so that means that if- ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : so if it is not identified . ( ob ) : so access right- yeah . ( s2 ) : the parties have no right to have access , but yes , as well , but as well what i 'm getting at is it . if things are open source . ( ob ) : yes ? ( s2 ) : they do n't need to specify them at all , because- ( ob ) : yes . that 's right . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : because parties , not having the right to access will have an access to them anyway . so there is no point in it , really . ( ob ) : yes . ( s2 ) : that is my opinion . ( ob ) : ye . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : right . ( ob ) : so the , the whole idea of of this background is that , eh . ( ob ) : so the the whole idea of this background is that everybody says , `` here are my things , my family jewels that you would have to buy from me , because this is the well , the way i do business . but for the purposes of the project , we will need this jointly , and for the purposes of the projects you can use it . so the background is something which is owned of by the particular party , and everybody sees that the project will need it . \u00e2 so the party says , `` yes , this is the background that i 'm bringing into the project for the benefit of the project . '' ( s2 ) : uhm , okay . \u00e2 ( ob ) : so , for some reason i have n't received an email that i sent to myself\u00e2 \u00e2 and i 'll open the consortium agreement that worked very well in the past , \u00e2 that 's , that 's the\u00e2 himl project . and there is background . just to give you an illustration . so , here is our background section in that . so i need everybody , i need every partner to provide-\u00e2 uh , so this is edinburgh , where is us ? \u00e2 this is us , yeah . so the the form is not that not that critical . \u00e2 there is some table and , so edinburgh has filled this table , essentially saying that the software is is open source . and and that is it . so there was the background brought by edinburgh . \u00e2 we brought in various corpora\u00e2 to the project . \u00e2 so . this is something which has various licenses , and just to make things simple , we put them into the background , which meant that we are dual licensing them also for the project for free . so we have a repository , so we have various corpora and dictionaries . \u00e2 and we have simply listed them , and we were like , acessive , this list is is an big supse-\u00e2 big super set of things that were actually needed by the project . but just to make things simpler , we said , `` yes , this is the background that we are bringing in . '' and if if that was then found in the project useful , and if anybody wanted it from the project , they could simply use it . so this is , yeah . this is , this is it . \u00e2 so i want every partner to somehow specify , what they are bringing into the project . \u00e2 so per-voice should bring in their platform . and alphaview should bring in the the infrastructure . \u00e2 the the the the alphaviev 's service . \u00e2 and you need to specify it in some way , which is like , which makes sense both to you and us . ( s3 ) : yeah . ( ob ) : yeah , so for us , this is generally easy , because we develop tools , and we develop , like data , and then we list all the tools and the data . \u00e2 and all of them are- or all of them do have some , like public presents . they have uil that describes them . so you do n't have- you are all the describes the alphaview software that you are bringing . so you will have to describe it in words , so simply describe what what you are providing for the project , and please do this preferably in the draft version , by the end of this week , or in a week from now . it is not very complex . you know what half of page , or at least at most a page of text . ( s3 ) : yeah , okay . ( ob ) : or maybe just a single item . like a simple item could be also fine . if if you can describe the the jewel very concisely , it 's perfect as well , so to get this , there is a template for this attachment . it 's at the end , so simply make a copy , so this will be ( found ) on page 17 , the background is , this is the signatures , this is the background . so simply , copy this , take part in one and you can do it directly in this document or you can do it elsewhere separately and send it to me by e-mail . \u00e2 in the end , it will all end in the same document , and it will be a part of the consortium agreement signed by everybody . so the , i do not see any prob , like anything what is better for us . it is always better to to include more in the background , then less , because if you include more then it would be easier to use it within the project . \u00e2 if you include less , and then we find it necessary to use one more item in the project , then we will have to update this , or like , talk about this with special\u00e2 special arrangements . if you if you are able to include things up front , it is better . and also anything that 's part of the background is obviously not result of the project . so this is something , that like nobody can say , `` well , we have contributed to your , we have we have improved your if if you have provided it in the background . `` yeah , so please , everybody , send me your background descriptions , \u00e2 preferably during this week . \u00e2 okay so this was page- yeah page 17 . \u00e2 so that 's the access rights , that 's the backglound . here is the general principles that describe that . yeah , and here is access rights for exploitation . so , yeah . so here we have suggestion from darrio to preffer\u00e2 option 1. so this is the two options . so so the option one , that we have discarded in , or we have proposed to discard was `` access rights to results if needed for exploitation of a party 's own results , should be granted on the fair and reasonable conditions , access rights to results for internal research activities shall be granted\u00e2 on royalty-free basis . '' so this means , that\u00e2 if my machine transmitting translation system depends on the carlsruhe asr , and i want to to use the the carlsruhe asr , then , i will have to talk to carlsruhe and make it fair and reasonable . \u00e2 option 2 was that if i need to present my machine translation system , that depends on the carlsruhe asr , carlsruhe should give me the , \u00e2 like not the sources of the system , but the the way of some running or operational-functional form of that on royalty-free basis . so our\u00e2 idea was to 'let 's make things simpler and let 's , let 's simply expect everybody to provide support to other parties ' results on royalty-free basis . '\u00e2 but darrio preffers option 1. so what is , what are other people 's options ? i 'm we are probably fine with the option one . ( s1 ) : ( ? ? ) i would also prefer option one , i do n't think that option two is reasonable . ( ob ) : okay . \u00e2 ( s1 ) : because providing the things like separate , providing a service that wants the asr from ( ? ? ) implies costs . so that might cost us something . ( ob ) : yeah , yeah . ( s1 ) : that 's an unreasonable option to to use both these- ( ob ) : i have the one- yeah , yea . the royalty-free basis probably means , \u00e2 that we would have to pay these costs , but you would not charge as anything extra . that is my understanding of royalty-free . but i understand that as we 're risking now at what the terms exactly mean . so i 'm probably fine with option one as well . so let's yeah . so , \u00e2 \u00e2 we will switch to option one . ( ? ? ) yeah , okay . so this will actually this will actually be , sorry , \u00e2 i did not want this , i want to suggest this , such this thing . so so option two will be deleted . okay . yep . so thanks for this comment . i think this is , this is exactly what we have to , like consider , and and and discuss . \u00e2 and i 'm happy to see an an update . yeah , okay . so , then the ( ? ? ) entities that 's related to if sao is signing or not . \u00e2 then\u00e2 in the yeah . there is this\u00e2 \u00e2 this something that i do not understand , actually . \u00e2 additional access rights . i do not know , if you understand this . \u00e2 for the evidence of doubt and ( grown ) to access rights , not covered by the ground agreement for has shown you did ( ? ? ) . so , this is what we have selected there , and the other option . \u00e2 yeah , that 's it . \u00e2 the party has agreed to negotiate in good faith . and any additional access rights uses results as might be asked for by any party upon adequate financial conditions to be agreed . \u00e2 \u00e2 okay , so i do not understand the the differences . so i selected option one . ( s2 ) : okay . ( s1 ) : i 'm not lawyer , but i i believe the difference between option one and option two is that option one , you can always say\u00e2 \u00e2 '' i do n't give you an access rights , even if you do n't pay me for it . `` and the option two says: \u00e2 '' you have to give me the access rights if you ( have ) payed reasonably . ( ob ) : uhm . ( s1 ) : so i would also prefer option one . ( ob ) : uhm , yeah . yeah , so . ( s1 ) : if i think , i mean in under consortium , \u00e2 we will always be able to negotiate a good pay and other reasonable terms . but not- in order i 'm i'm\u00e2 sure the lawyers might have something against option two . ( ob ) : yeah . so maybe this is one thing that you might want to ask your legal people , if they have any opinion on this . otherwise , if you do not ask , or if if they do n't say anything bad , we will go with the option one , whatever that means . okay , thank you . yeah , so this is this is the section that i mentioned , we have simply copied this . and then just refines the access rights to software , separating the access rights to the source versus the access rights to the service that the software provides . and , well , it was , like standard legal legalise , i did not have any comments to this . so hopefully , it regulates things in a reasonable way . so then there is this non-disclosure information and\u00e2 \u00e2 whatever\u00e2 and that 's that 's not , that 's is like essentially and nda among our ( saos ) . and then we have various things here , and we have , yeah . \u00e2 so there is a settlement of dispute\u00e2 yeah . the important sentence is here: \u00e2 '' the parties shall endeavour to settle their disputes amicably . '' so this is what what essentially\u00e2 what essentially we we hope will happen . and first of all , we hope , that there wo n't be any any real disputes . and we have selected , un-\u00e2 \u00e2 less you have other options , we have selected option one: `` we ( mediation ) '' of not one-one , but one-two . yeah . so this is this is what our lawyers have recommended . \u00e2 they have suggested to extend some of the days and they suggested to remove the specific words here , from this line and leaving there just the `` the case shall be brought to court '' , which means it should be brought to the respective court of wherever they them is handling , has happened . so if , if-\u00e2 ( s1 ) : one , one comment . ( ? ? ) he because i have also see up there you have replaced ( ? ? ) to threads . ( ob ) : yes , yeah . ( s1 ) : so i am- ( ? ? ) happened , but i 'm pretty sure my legal department always is not very willing to accept anything but belgium law , because they say that `` if '' ( ob ) : okay . ( s1 ) : `` if something happens , they would have to get a lawyer in the czech republic . and they could n't say anything on it and etc , etc . '' so usually , the compromise , they settle on this belgium law . ( ob ) : so kit also prefers- ( s1 ) : it also depends what the other legal department . ( ob ) : brussels , yeah . ( s2 ) : i would imagine our legal department would prefer brussels . i ca n't really speak for them , but then , we have , i have seen other ( ? ? ) , to the belgian law , by ( ? ? ) is okay . ( ob ) : yeah , so you were kind of afraid of brussels , because of french ? \u00e2 and- hey , i know that the second sentence should be english . \u00e2 so hopefully that , that will make things easier . so eh , in in general , i think we 'll , we 'll probably say say yes to to brussels . i will ask again our legal people . if if there is a strong reason for us to to demand prague . but i do not think they will be strong enough to to uh , like\u00e2 outweigh the the preferences of the three of you , or or perhaps more . so this will \u00e2 this will this will very likely be reverted to brussels . \u00e2 yeah . so sorry , sorry that i first missed this point . i knew that was there , but i just scrolled too far away . okay , so that 's the , that 's the place . and then , here is the selection of of the mediator . so i have nothing to to say about this . the legal people told me that i see it as expensive for whatever . \u00e2 and if you do n't have any preferences , if your legal people are fine with with these , then we will accept the comments as , except the suggestions and remove option two as suggested . so please , if if you have concerns about this , please , talk to your legal people and have them comment on this . \u00e2 otherwise , we will we will simply accept this . \u00e2 and there is , if you know , in the grand agreement , there is section 29 . 1 . . and this section demands to notify everybody 45 days before disseminating and in the result that , this is going to happen . and we have found in the past , that the for scientific papers , there is no way you have your paper ready 45 days before the submission deadline to show it to your partners and ask for permission to publish it . so our legal person has proposed this particle wording , which says , '' this obligation for the 45 days is not needed , unless you would be disseminating a result that we wanted to have patented '' .\u00e2 so for things that parties in general do not wish to obtain patent protection , or which can not be patented anyway , because of the way the patent , patent system works . there is no obligation to announce it beforehand . ( s2 ) : but how do we know it could be patented ? ( ob ) : yeah , ye , i know , i know . so if you are , if you have concerns , then notify us . and and it's- ( s2 ) : okay . ( ob ) : yeah . so if you are not sure whether you , whether someone who was going to patent something , then it 's better to to follow the instructions in section 1 , 29 . 1 . but if you are like confident , that no one is patenting anything , or if , like just from the talking to the people or if your lawyers are confident that this can not be patented , then , well in in , yeah , it 's all it is all unclear and soft . obviously . ( s2 ) : i mean , you know . i mean , i totally agree that this 45 day rule is is is impractical . and you know , when sees his rules . everyone just ignores them anyway . \u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah . so this is a legal excuse for the for ignoring the rule . ( s2 ) : uh , yea . i mean , i 'm happy to . i mean , we can circulate a copy of a paper as it is submitted . yeah . this is quite practical to do an made use . they have 45 days . but you must meet 45 days before ( submittion ) , before publication . i mean , either way becomes . it is kind of difficult . ( ob ) : it 's kind of difficult in any case . because then you would have to check whether the with the the the some of the governor of the deadline is 45 days from the ( submittion ) deadline , or something like that . so yeah . ( s2 ) : so that i mean , does that i mean , ok . i mean if this , if this is ok , then , i would leave it as it is and yeah . ( ob ) : so this is , if it as long as there is no problem , there is no problem . \u00e2 so this is this is the the the this is the the legal excuse . so if if we are not obeying the section 29 . 1 . we can say , that we have done it , because we knew that no one would be patenting anything . so let put put the other way round . \u00e2 if anyone from you would have the the desire to do some software patents or whatever , please make sure that everybody in the project kind of knows this . \u00e2 so that you are interested in patenting things , because then , special precautions have to be made . and remember , it is always like everybody is , \u00e2 there is no way that you could patent other party 's results . you could be only patenting your own results . so the , this is the the this is like the to prevent one party disclosing something about other party 's results . so this is also like general sanity thing . it is - do not disclose other people 's results . and then you are safe . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : okay . ( ob ) : yeah . so then there is just the signatures . and after the signatures , there is the background information . \u00e2 so it 's yeah . background needed from every partner , preferably by the end of the week . \u00e2 at the end of the week in some draft form . \u00e2 yeah , someone cleverly asked about the kickoff date and location . our preference will be prague , early january , between 10th and 23rd . \u00e2 if you have any strong opinions against this , or if you would like to coordinate this kickoff with other\u00e2 projects\u00e2 kickoff , please , let us know . \u00e2 but otherwise we will proceed with this tentative plan and we will send the ( do-to ) poll soon and , like book . like so everybody can book the dates and we will find the reasonable dates to do the poll and and all that . \u00e2 ( s2 ) : yeah , so i will have to go to at least one other kickoff , perhaps more . so that 's why- ( ob ) : yes . ( s2 ) : that 's why i 'm asking . ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : and the dates and locations are ( whatever ) expected , so i 'll just say that , you know it 's me to organise if a ( letter ) comes early , then they will get the data , and everything else would have fit in around it . it is good i mean . \u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah , i see , yeah , yeah . okay . so we should send the ( do-to ) polls soon . and make ( ? ? ) . ( s2 ) : yeah . ( ob ) : i will have to leave rather soon , unfortunately , so there is this , this other comment not directly related to the to the consortium agreement , but in a way , there is a link as well , because the consortium agreement like , controls , how the data is is used . and so , so who has entered data generated for ( ourselves ) ? ( s3 ) : excuse me , excuse me , i mean , yeah- ( ob ) : huh ? ( s2 ) : alright , that might be- yeah- ( s3 ) : yeah . \u00e2 maybe , darrio could write aspect about a new one out of appointments for us and our developers ? \u00e2 ( ob ) : yes . so this , this is what i wanted to suggest . that you two talk directly and all the technical things . ( s3 ) : yeah we wrote , darrio , are you still here ? \u00e2 can you hear me ? ( darrio ) : yes . ( s3 ) : because i ( asked ) . ( darrio ) : yes . ( s3 ) : maybe you can answer our last email so we can make a new app-\u00e2 appointment , yes ? \u00e2 ( darrio ) : yes , sure . ( s3 ) : okay , thanks , perfect . ( darrio ) : yep . ( s3 ) : yeah . ( darrio ) : okay . ( ob ) : so unless there are any other comments or questions ? i would like to thank you very much for the preparations and for this productive meeting . so remember , talk to your legal people . \u00e2 if if they had any concerns about the consortium agreement , they should say it now , because in a at most two weeks from now , we will finalise this by clicking yes yes yes yes yes to all these , or to do these to do these sugg-\u00e2 these suggestions that we have just walked through . so , thank you very much for joining . ( s3 ) : thank you . \u00e2 ( ob ) : and- ( darrio ) : thank you . \u00e2 ( ob ) : yeah . ( s2 ) : thank you . ( s1 ) : thank you . \u00e2 ( s3 ) : bye\u00e2 ( s2 ) : bye-bye .", "tgt": "ond\u00e5\u2122ej ensures that everybody is fine with recording meeting and adds details . agenda for this meeting is quickly dissolved . ultimate deadline for the ground agreements signature is december 18th , but might be sooner . consortium agreement is explained - what is it , what it says , details are described in the consortium agreement itself . one partner have n't got feedback from his legal people regarding consortium agreement yet , but he agrees with it . question about time frames is placed but everybody is fine with the time frame currently set . it 's still unclear if the sao is signing the consortium agreement or not . ond\u00e5\u2122ej states that his legal people will talk with sao legal people about the sign of the consortium agreement milo\u00e5\u00a1 is asked a question about his legal people and their opinion on consortium agreement but he has no experience with them milo\u00e5\u00a1 will talk with zden\u00e4\u203ak \u00e5 \u00e3\u00adr about the legal people , it wo n't affect anyone else . ond\u00e5\u2122ej offers anyone who would have concerns or worries about sao to discuss it with him . for consortium agreement , there will be used desca . everybody is asked to go over the consortium agreement ond\u00e5\u2122ej goes throught comments in the document . timing requirements for agenda wo n't change for regular meetings . minutes wo n't be signed with electronic signature . general assembly is explained , it contains user and advisory board and many interesting people are asked to cooperate on this . microsoft wo n't participate in the advisory board because others feels odd about it . someone will be selected soon as elitr data protection officer . elitr data protection officer is someone who checks how gdpr and data are handled . project would also need a project ethics committee , it would consist of 3-5 members , preferrably not connected to project . internal payments wo n't be used . joint ownership is explained , every party can exploid the result and grant non-esculisve licenses without any consent from other parties contributed . everybody must fill in the background and send it to ond\u00e5\u2122ej . speaker 2 pouints out nonsense sentence in consortium agreement . ond\u00e5\u2122ej explains how dual licensing works . everybody will simply describe what they are providing for the project , sending it to ond\u00e5\u2122ej during the next week , half of page of text . it could be written directly in the document , it 's needed for the consortium agreement . darrio had a suggestion about `` acces rights to results '' , there are two options . majority agrees on option one - royalty free basis . there is a small confusion caused by law formulas so ond\u00e5\u2122ej asks everybody to make it clear with their legal people . statement of dispute is agreed to bring cases to court and it will follow belgium law . legal people of ond\u00e5\u2122ej still has to discuss this with him . ond\u00e5\u2122ej asks attendees to consult this with their legal people as well . it 's no longer needed to notify others 45 days before disseminating your results unless you want to have it patented . patenting instructions are in section 1 , part 29 . 1 of consortium agreement . kickoff is prefferably to be hold in prague in early january ( 10th - 23rd ) . everybody is asked to let ond\u00e5\u2122ej know if they disagree with place and date of kickoff asap . darrio is asked to answer an email from speaker 3 so they could arrange an appointment . the meeting ends ."}
{"src": "( a ) yeah , okay , thank you so , , yeah okay , o- okay so that - i saw a message from from the ( ? ? ) meeting ( ? ? ) as probably alr- already notified all of you that you are beeing recorded now and you can simply to refrain from speeking if you do n't want to be recorded you yourself and - and don't- do n't share anything . i 'll go over the agenda , which i- because of the- like mix devices that i 'm using which i can not directly share with you i can only do highlighting in the google document so if you 're looking at the agenda in this google document you will see me selecting the first point and the- the ( grand ) agreement . yesterday it was signed by the european commision and now it needs to be signed by all the partners . so your representative prersons for our case ( it is the ? ? ) is the the - the legal ( signatory ) person has to ( ? ? ) to research ( ? ? ) click the ( match ) project and then click the grand agreement it seems like the pdf icon but it 's not the download pdf ( ? ? ) it unrolls small part of that of- of that list and there will be button to- to sign it . so i think that everybody will be able to do this in- in the coming days or- you- you can do it right now . and if you have any technical problem with finding the button please contact me . so that we can like explain how to do this . so as you also know the grand agreement already includes our project proposal , all the things that we promise to do so that that now going to be like thirty-five and the- ( ? ? ) you 're being commissionised approved our goals . so the next item is the ( concertion ) agreement and i would like to agree on the final wording . it will not happen on the call as i mentioned but it should hopefully happen for example by the end of the week or or so . ( on ) the project i also ( proceeding ) this this fast . we got set of suggestions from edinburgh that tereza has entered to the google document because we receive them in in word ducument and - so if you see some comments from tereza then most of them are actually by edinburgh lawyers and i went through all of them and i do n't think there is anything bad , it 's mainly like minor wording issues . so our plan is to accept all of those except the one which was softening the grand agreement grand agreement requirements to notify everyone ahead of ( publication ) . so if you 're a member s- if you have ( ? ? ) i could - can someone ( ? ? ) milo\u0161 , can you - can you make me a presenter one of the ond\u0159ej ( s ) . okay ( b ) ( ? ? ) which one . ( c ) one of you , the one that is speaking is a presenter . ( a ) okay , so , can i still be speaking from the same device but be a presenter from the laptop ? ( b ) maybe , if you switch to the ( native ) client and not the web one then i do n't know which one it is . ( b ) let me just - try s- see when it 's the right one . ( d ) i 'm speaking ( ? ? ) so - ( a ) sorry , someone was very quiet , who was that ? ( a ) i 've heard someone speaking , was that- ( d ) ( ? ? ) turning ( ? ? ) ( up ) . ( a ) yeah , tereza okay . this one yeah . ( b ) okay , wrong one . ( a ) that 's wrong , yeah that 's wrong ond\u0159ej . and tereza your - your voice is very okay - so ( ? ? ) ( switch to the ) i can speak on the - on the other connection in the meantime . so in the - the grand- so does everybody know which paragraph i was referring to ? ( ? ? ) ( not ) the grand agreement requirement yeah , well , i have n't heard ( e ) yeah , page twenty-six . ( c ) eleven point nine i think . ( a ) yeah . yeah . ( e ) i 'm not quite sure where we are in this cause all of the crossings ( ? ? ) and so on so - ( a ) yeah , so now the text - now the text seems crossed out . ( e ) yeah . ( a ) and we would like to reject this suggestion to delete it so we would like to keep that in . ( e ) okay . ( a ) it is the ( text ) which - which comes originally from our lawyer yeah . ( who ) suggested to remove it again it was never in the part of - it was never in the template , so we added it and ( e ) yeah . ( a ) ( ? ? ) and we would still like to keep it . ( e ) so- so sorry , i apologize for not having read all of the lawyers comments . but what did he propose instead ? ( a ) nothing , just to ( ? ? ) . ( e ) nothing . okay , so then , there will be no obligations of ( dissemination ) . is that right ? ( a ) the grand agreement has a rule which requires aha . everybody to to - yeah , i - i 'll - i - you already see my screen , so i 'll try to minimalise this and i 'll scroll to that point . so that you are hopefully now seeing the right thing and ( ? ? ) ( ? ? ) certain number . and ( this excercise ) ( ? ? ) . was it - was it 9 something ? ( c ) eleven point nine . ( a ) ele- eleventh point , yes , eleventh point i think , so - twenty-six , eleven point nine , yes . mmhm , mmhm . so ( ? ? ) text , it 's what has been proposed by our lawyer and it 's - ( it 's ) tereza wanted to remove that but it was your lawyer who wanted to remove that . ( e ) okay . ( a ) so i will ( try to ) - ( e ) so- so- so ( whatever ) i'm- i'm- i 'm confused ( what our ) lawyer wants it to go ( back ) to the grand agreement where we have to specify these fourty-five days , which nobody ever does anyway . ( a ) yes , yeah . ( e ) okay . and - results cover i can quite read it , this is crossed ( ? ? ) ( a ) okay . so i 'll reject it at the moment ( e ) yeah . ( a ) so i just limited it . ( e ) i mean i- i- i think these restrictions in a publication just impact ( ? ? ) ( no way ) , that 's the same . nobody ever follows them anyway . ( a ) yeah . so if you are fine with not following your lawyer 's recommendation yeah . then we 're there . ( e ) yeah . i 'm not sure whether ( we ) understand this but , yeah ( i mean ) he 's ( basically ) saying do n't publish somebody else 's results or something like that . ( e ) yeah , yeah yeah . this is what ( you did the ) last time and if you think that someone would like to ( ? ? ) it , also like do n't do it , do n't publish it , because publishing is what- what prevents it from ( ? ? ) . ( e ) right , so somebody was a ( ? ? ) the obligation is ( on them ) to ( say it to all members ) ( ? ? ) , look , do n't publish anything , yeah . ( a ) yeah . ( e ) right . ( a ) yea yea yea kind of . somebody ( wants ) to ( ? ? ) that they should ( ? ? ) say so to the to the colleagues of the ( ? ? ) . i hope that - like it- it - the wording is - i think the wording is soft , which ( ? ? ) otherwise ( ? ? ) the protection of - ( ? ? ) can be listening ( without our notice ) , so arrangement , the ( ? ? ) ( e ) yeah . ( a ) yea , yea yea , so , so the first ( ? ? ) , this is - ( e ) i- i do n't know , yeah , i mean i- ( this was ) - probably have to- i suppose , i do n't ( ? ? ) more than i do do we - are we ( bound ) by what the lawyer says , or can we just - ( f ) i do n't know i think we 'll have to double check both and i would also personally agree that this - clause is fine and we can push back on what the lawyer says . ( e ) right . ( a ) yeah , i do n't know how in edinburgh , double check with your lawyers , but i think that our lawyers are not signing it- it anyway and ( this is ) - it 's actually the ( ? ? ) signing it . but you are ( ? ? ) in the end , so i think that y- you can follow or ignore their recommendations . ( e ) right , right . ( a ) yeah . ( e ) okay , we 'll check who has to- ( a ) yeah . ( e ) who has to make the decision , yeah . ( a ) yeah , so , yeah , so i think that 's hopefully clear so you have the extra days that - or how much you need - that ( ? ? ) ( will also have ) ( ? ? ) . so okay , so here the resolution is - so barry will double check with their lawyers the paragraph can probably stay in ca despite uedin 's lawyers ' recommendation . and another , like a bigger change that was there was that your lawyer suggested option one instead of option two which we have preselected in this joint ownership . so let 's look at that , 8.2 , option one , yeah . so joint ownership ( unless ) otherwise agreed - each of the joint owner should be entitled to use their jointly owned results for non-commercial research activities on a royalty-free basis without prior content . and should be entitled to otherwise exploit and to grant non-exclusive licences to third parties . if the other joint owners are given notice and reasonable conditions . so , i 've checked this and this is the exact wording which appears in the original ( desktop ) ( template ) and we have originally drop it because it was ( like ) too verbose for us and no particular reason , and your lawyer suggested that they would rather use this option one . so we are fine with that as well . ( e ) okay . ( a ) so if everyone is fine with that then ( cuni ) will accept this reccomendation and use option one , not option two . ( e ) okay . ( a ) yeah , so that 's the other big point . and all the other ( edits ) seems free to review them in- in the document but all of them semms very minor to me and like - i have n't seen any implications that would arise some ( accepting or reducing themselves ) . we 'll just accept that . yeah . so there is , yeah , there is then the completion of signature pages so i would like to ask tereza and every partner to check the final - this is at the end of the document , it is just before the attachements come . there should be one page per partner with just the signatures and- and that right persons mentioned . so , it 's , ten , eleven , ... signatures , yeah . as witness the parties have caused and insert name of a party so everybody in the order as listed at the top of the document please insert your correct names and people who are signing it ant the titles other ( know ) about the ( date ) maybe the date we will - we entered only like ( ? ? ) n ( and friday ) . so tereza will probably prepare this , or you can do it on your own and make sure to validate it ( ? ? ) we have the right person mentioned there ( so that ) here is no problem with - with the name . so ( let ) - that signature pages and then there is the background , so i would like to thank everbody for providing their background information and i would like to ask everyone now to check every other 's background . so the idea is that whatever is listed in the background will be freely available for the project purposes . so think of your obligations in the project so what you are expected to deliver and what you - so pervoice is going to integrate everything , so pervoice will have to e- expect - will have to get the translation systems and- and ( moduls ) and- and all this from- from the other parties . in some cases this is - this will be new results , think that we will be developing the project and that ( holds ) for them automatically . but for something it is existing ( moduls ) and these existing moduls need to be mentioned in the background that the party is providing . otherwise we would need to like add the background later . so it is obviously something that we can like resolve later , if we forget something it can be ( inviting ) correctly at any point , but if we do it now it will be easier . so everybody please check that all other parties are providing what you will need for your work , for your obligations . some parties , such as us , we mention more things and that 's okay as well . so that- that 's not a problem . but it 's important that everybody s- s- sees that they are getting the tools and- and resources for their duties in the project . so if you have any problem , if you have anything missing , please contact the respective party and - and also ( ? ? ) copy me and- or tereza and like we should negotiate . so the i would ( ? ? ) deadline , deadline end of the week . so by the end of the week please double check that you have - that you are getting the resources that - that you will need . okay . so the next point is then - so we have discussed that the supreme audit office office , whether they would be able to sign the the ( concertion ) agreement ( as it is ) , we have even translated it to czech for them so that they could review it and unfortunately the final word is that that they will not be signing this as a partners , the main reason is that it 's ( run up ) ( ? ? ) the belgian law and that would be difficult for them to explain to their lawyers that this is not- no harm to them . so , i do n't expect that the whole ( concertion ) would be happy to switch to to the czech law , we 've discussed this already , and , so instead of of making sao sign this agreement we will be having the ( lateral ) agreement , so sao will indeed like a third party . formally it 's us who is promising that the- the respective things will be available for the project and - and delivered to the - to the project and so on , and we will have this- this ( linguist ) ( linguist ) with the supreme audit office . but we also need the supreme audit office to be able to use the results from the project , so the ( voice ) , this is done , that the supreme audit office will be listed among the ( affiliated ) entities . and there is an attachement prepared for this already entered as the suggestion sao for that , so sao is not signing but it appears in at- in the attachement number four , and that 's that 's it . so , i do n't think that there is any problem for any other partner with this , it 's our risk and if sao misbehaves then we will simply find another user and- and find another circumstances to test our tools and so on . but this is like the worst case scenario nad i do n't expect it to happen at all . yeah , so , in the link in- in the formal agreement that we will have with the supreme audit office , we will make sure that the supreme audit office will provide data for trading and testing whatever can be provided and this is of course - this can not be listed at the moment ( even ) because no one knows how much data is there an- and so on . so it can be made - it- it can not be made more precise this- this specification . yeah . and , , also that the project will get access and - and the option to test the tools at ( sao ) events , especially the ( asr ) congress . and we will also like , again very c- closely follow the description of action ( or the description of work ) , to make sure that - because sao is listed there , actually , so there are some tasks where sao has some person ( ? ? ) located , and they are part of some deliver ( ? ? ) in some way , so we 'll make sure that this is- this appears in the link between charles university and sao in- in some way . okay , so are there any further comments for the ( concertion ) agreement ? ( b ) maybe technical one yeah . , well , you say that sao will provide the access to the congress and in the hypothetical situation you should replace us , then it will be very hard to fi- find a replacement that will allow you to ( ? ? ) that condition then . that 's the technical one . ( a ) yeah , yea , yea , yea , that- that 's our risk . well , this can not happen . so you are running the congress , we will ( get it ) . well if it does happen we will find another conference , ( ? ? ) there's- there 's also like conferences ( on ) the field ( ? ? ) in the worst case that , there is conferences around , but let- let 's hope ( ? ? ) not happen . ( b ) yeah , of course . ( a ) yeah , okay so let me just double check whether ( ? ? ) will join the call or not . this - i do not see - no - so it does n't seem that - that ( ? ? ) the call . it 's not too big problem anyway , because they do n't have their word from their lawyers . so we will ( treat ) ( two calls ) separately , hopefully nothing will - nothing serious will come from their lawyer anymore . and hopefully by the end of the week , the ( concertion ) agreement will be in the state which will be like finalised . so that we will then ( circulate it ) among you so that you can ( review it ) for the last time and it should be ready for signing from the next week . yeah , okay . yeah , so then there is this doodle for the ( ? ? ) meeting . we should like to have it like one and half days probably in - in prague , so please indicate your availability for that - for that doodle ( poll ) and we will then , again by the end of the week , try to decide on the date . as i wrote ( in ) the email today the project officer would also like to join and - so i told him to - to - fill that poll as well , and i would like surely supreme audit office to - to be there , and since it 's in prague it should be easy for them , so milo\u0161 , also zden\u011bk ( ? ? ) should - should indicate his availability . at least zden\u011bk ( ? ? ) , maybe other people , because there is also like the dissemination activity that we have planned , so there could be other people , it 's still like lot of time ahead but there wou- there would be the - the ( try run ) workshops , so whoever is involved from supreme audit office , it would probably be nice to - to attend that event . ( b ) yeah , i agree . ( a ) yeah . and for other partners , it is - so normally it 's like the representative of - of the ( key ) research people who are attending this - this meeting , the ( interview ) meetings and the ( ? ? ) meeting , but i think it could - it would be very useful also especially for the less experienced partners if their administrative people joined this , so please consider that , it is your money , your - your ( travel ) fond that you have to ( use ) this , so you - you will not get much from us , you will get some dinner but not - not the accomodation for example , and so - but there should be enough in your budget to - to cover as many people as - as you find appropriate . so - so , when we will have selected the date you will see how many pople from your team make it and then we will ( plan ) ( like ) numbers and - and see like how to - how to organise it , but as i said , main message is that we would like to meet also your administrative people . it - it 's probably not necessary for big universities like edinburgh where the administrative people have like thousands of projects per year . okay , so that ( ? ? ) , and yeah , i 'm - i 'm - yeah , let 's look p- poll later . and then there is the one more thing , ( or there is more thigs ) the ( try run ) , the very first ( try run ) that i have emailed pervoice ( ? ? ) and edinburgh about some while ago , i have n't heard from you and i take it as a - as a like - polite way of saying no , but i would still like to convince you to - to say yes to this . it 's called - in czech it 's - it 's the it 's the congress or ( fair ) of non-existing companies , the english name is - is slightly different , it is high school students who are coming to - to this event , and they are presenting some fake companies and everybody like follows and they - there - there is some competitions about the presentation of these companies and there is a one more competition , ( the one ) like ninety seconds in - in an elevator presentation of the company . the presentations are run in czech or english , it depends on the - on the team , and tereza has talked to the high school teacher who is organising this and he was fine with us joining this event , the only ( catch ) is that it 's already on march twenty - twenty-second . and , as i 've seen the - the workshop that - supreme audit office has - had two weeks ago , i think it would be very useful for us to see that the life conditions of - of some congress . so i- i think it- it 's a very good opportunity to test it and i 've also seen the - the demos that pervoice and ( ? ? ) had for the technology from the previous project the ( ubridge ) . and i think the - the demos were exceptional . it was very good , so , i would really like t- to see some similar set-up tested in practice , because like that- that 's ( a harsh ) with high school students and their bad english pronunciation and czech which we do n't have ( modul form ) and so no . so , yeah . so - so our - our i- invitation is in these ( to go for this ) and and - and run it as a good as ( wee can ) , and i would like you to - to take part . so i 'm not requiring asking anyone to attend prague in person unless you would like to , but i would like to ask for your assistance with the existing ( moduls ) and tools , so that we could test it with - with the elitr tools , and not some like - some other solution that there is - there is ways how we could replace various components from elitr with other tools , but i would like to go as close from the technical point of view , as we 'll be delivering for the supreme audit office in the coming years . ( g ) so ( ? ? ) from ( the it side ) we can do the - the ( ? ? ) pervoice would be ( ? ? ) seems the proper clause ( in any way ) can be ( a ) i- i 'm sorry , it 's very hard for me to understand , i try to switch off my - so i 'm now - yeah ( c ) i understood the question so , sebastian , i confirm that we can use the ( explore ) protocol and the- the protocol you 're - you already have used in the past project , and the mediator is ( ? ? ) so , yeah , available for testing ( even ) immediately . ( g ) yes it should be ( ? ? ) to the ( ? ? ) , which language ( c ) i- i have n't - i did n't understand sebastian ( g ) my question was which language ( directions ) we ( might ) have . ( a ) yes , so it would be only english to czech and czech to english , but we ( ? ? ) do n't have czech , so - we 'll se , whatever is - ( g ) ( ? ? ) ( i can do ) english to something ? and german to something ? but currently the czech ( d ) so the ( ? ? ) trade of ficticious companies - it 's organised in prague and ficticious companies from economics high schools from all over the europe will come to prague , but the main communication language will be english , so mainly it will be from english to czech and since there will be also a lot of companies from the czech republic , so - also from czech to english . ( sebastian ) are there going to be german companies for example ? or german high school students ? ( d ) there should be , they - ( g ) so we could for example do english to german ( ? ? ) , english we can also do english to spanish , german to spanish , english to french for example , german to french \u2026 ( d ) they still do n't know how many companies will come , because they opened the registration like two weeks ago , so they still do n't have too many companies signed in . ( g ) i have - a- a- another question on this topic , regarding the older recording , ( ? ? ) how the older collection would be done ? directly from the event organisation , from the event recoring facilities , or - so - so - is there any recording facility in the , where the event will take place ? or is it something that needs to be set up for the event ? ( a ) so i no- i do n't know how much tereza knows about this , i would expect , but tereza should to - should double check with the organizers that they have standard ( amplification ) system , so they will probably have headsets for the speakers and there will be the- the standard mixing - like desk , and i hope that we will be able to - to connect to this , but i do n't expect them to have any digital - any - like digitalisation of - of the sound , so i do n't expect the recording would be available in any digital form and this is where we should connect . ( d ) i believe that five years ago it was that the speakers had only microphones and there was the mixing pult and some computers . ( g ) good enough , we can work with that . ( c ) okay , and the - the other question was regarding the publishing of the ( result ) , do you think - it is important ( also ) to publish the output online ? because , i mean , on a website , because the web publishing is a part of the project . ( c ) yeah , we 've got ( ? ? ) . ( a ) yeah s- so i do n't know the- what exactly does ( ubridge ) platform offer , we have not talked about the publication of this - of the recordings and anything like that with the organizes so we should - we should check if there they want it or if they deliberately do n't want any publishing and then we will see whether these matches were the standard ( ubridge ) pipeline . so i could imagine that they do n't want any published videos but i could also imagine that they actually do want the extra visibility . so , we have to talk to them . so what is ( what if ) the website available that you can see the results . okay , so the default is that it is published and they would have to opt out and there would be some extra work for you . ( h ) but that 's not ext- no extra work , we just do n't show the website . ( a ) okay , okay , yes , so - so we can even offer to them to have this published so that like other participants and remote participants can see this . ( h ) okay - ( c ) the last question was regarding the - the czech ( asr ) , because sebastian talked about the machine translation and - but still ( where ) is the need of the czech ( asr ) , so who you integrate the czech ( asr ) ( you 've the ) ( service architecture ) ( you know the two ) provide the imput for the machine translation . ( h ) so , just to be clear , ( c ) we do n't have any czech ( asr ) , but i do n't think that we will have a first ( manager ) available by - by the ( twenty-one by ) march , and i do n't think we currently also do n't have a machine translation system that ( does from ) to czech . ( a ) yeah , so we - we do have a czech to english and english to czech machine translation system available on the web already , it 's transformer , it 's ( twained ) on individual sentences , so it will be harsh conditions for this , it 's like the best performing one this year , but at the level of sentences and we the segment that will come from the asr , even the english one , will probaly not be sentences . so we can you can provide sentences , full sentences , right ? ( h ) exactly so we provide a ( flowed ) text that includes punctuation so you can segment on the punctuation marks and then you can translate sentence per sentence if you want to , you just need to implement a protocol and how to send the results in the correct format . ( a ) so i think that the two months like january and february should be sufficient to implement this protocol , so i would like to get the technical details from you whenever you have them at hand so that i can see how different is that from the way that call our machine translation system , so that will covering at least the english to czech translation , so this is something that we almost have at hand , and for the czech asr - i do n't know how difficult it is to train a czech asr ( modul ) , a student of mine has done it with some other tools , i have n't done it myself and the student has left unfortunately . so , there is some data available , i can find it and i could even search for more data , and i do n't have a person at hand , but i could try t- to find , so - so i would be rather unclear , i would say that it may be the case that we will have czech asr as well , but it also may be the case that we wo n't have the ( modul ) ready for - for this ( try run ) event . and the organizers will be probably fine with this and we should do our best to - to have the ( modul ) . so i do n't know how difficult is - how difficult it is to - to train a ( modul ) and - so what is - what is easier for ( ? ? ) to teach us how to do it ? and we will try it ? or if we just shift the data that we have for you and then you would - you would train it for the event . what is easier ? ( h ) probably teaching you how to do it . ( a ) yeah , okay . ( h ) essentialy , what you can - what you can do more or less is - you can actually train what- whatever ( tool kit ) you want ( ? ? ) we do some little re-training so that we have ( moduls ) for ( old tool kit ) . ( a ) aha . ( h ) but we 'll - we should discuss that ( offline ) but that is probably an easy solution - but easy - not easy but there is probably not easy , yeah - there is probably a viable solution but still i think much ( as ) ambitious . ( a ) yeah , okay . yeah so we 'll - we 'll see , so i think it 's clear what we should communicate with the organizers of the event , and it 's clear what we should discuss from the technical point of view , i know that ( ? ? ) has presented the - the ( kit 's ) - ( kit slt ) or- or the name of the ( tool kit ) and ( ? ? ) september , so that also included the asr part , right ? ( h ) yeah , but - yea yea but that is not the ( tool kit ) that can be used in the setting so this is just a basement system and that is not fit for doing online ( it ) is not the best perform ( ing ) system . ( a ) okay , okay , so i 'll get the technical ( deals ) from you and we 'll se how far we get ourselves and it will be a nice exercise for us to get in to the - the ( speech ) ( ? ? ) of czech which in the long term we want to do anyway . so i think it 's - it 's a good exercise and if we succeed then we ( plug ) that in , and if we do n't that it will be only english to german and czech with the connector that we have to ride and possibly german to english and possibly german to czech via english . yeah . ( h ) ( sounds ) reasonable . ( a ) yeah , okay , thank you so - so i- i hope that tereza or someone has taken notes on this , and we 'll let you know how this - how this proceeds . so thank you very much for - for agreeing to this , we 'll also be in touch with the - with the recording device like what - what type of microphones will be available for that event , we 'll get in touch with the organizers and - and see as soon as we learn some technical details we will double check with you if there - if - if this is feasible or if it has to be replaced and - and we 'll see how that goes . that 's exactly the purpose of this ( try ) ( run ) , although it 's a public one , to - to see how it behaves . and what - what problems we - we will have . so the ( final ) presentation of - of this is on the webpage , right ? so people simply connect with whatever system or handheld device they have , they connect to - to the webpage and the webpage shows the transcripts or the translation , right ? that 's probably question for pervoice . ( i ) yeah , i had the microphone muted - currently - currently we can - we have not the web publishing of the subtitles . ( a ) okay , so what is - what comes out or how - what - what is the - the final end of the pipeline at the moment ? ( c ) as sebastian suggested , sebastian please correct me if i 'm wrong , you proposed the user yo- - i do not remember the name - your component for publishing . ( g ) yeah , the website . you can use the electro translat ( or ) website . ( c ) exactly the electro translat ( or ) ( website ) . ( a ) yeah , okay , so i 'll get acquinted myself with the lecture translator website and possibly talk to sebastian about the internals , because idealy we - we think of like a secondary projector that would project the subtitles next to the speaker or as an overlay of the - of the slides of the - of the speaker and this is also something that - that needs to be like set up and found the best way for the other meeting , so it 's part of the ( try run ) . yeah , thank you , so that 's that 's very promising i 'm - i 'm very optimistic about this ofs- slthough obviously it 's - it 's high risk business and we can see many many errors and that 's - that 's the point . okay , and the last point that i have in the agenda is the logo , so , ( what we 'll get ) - what do you have the logo - so tereza has - tereza has drawn one suggestion and - yeah - so the - where - where could i get this easiest - so you are welcome to propose other - other logos , but i 'll try to locate - that 's not ( the one ) - ( from ) ( ? ? ) - i 'll try to locate the logo - - it 's not searching - still not searching - it 's too clever , so you can read all my emails now and if you resolve some of it that would be nice . we have discussed so many things - yeah , well , i can - that 's a different thing - so tereza if you are able to locate the - no , you also do n't have it because you 're not using your - your computer . ( a ) yeah , well , i was trying to loc- to locate the proposal of - of logo , by - by tereza - but - o do n't have - that 's too many old files - yeah , i can not find it at the moment , it 's - it 's simply - ( is it ) - no - no that 's not the one - - yeah , yeah , so , yeah , i- i 'm not able to - to show you the logo at the moment , it 's - it 's somewhere in my e-mail , too many e-mails , and - ( tereza ) i have found it . ( a ) allright , exellent . so can you share it - ( d ) ( a ) i 'll stop sharing the screen - ( d ) no , i tell you where is it , it 's in e-mail from 5th november . ( a ) november , sorry . too many e-mails . november - no , that 's another one - ( d ) ( to do ) elitr - ( a ) yeah , so that 's the one but i have n't ( ? ? ) - elitr ( ? ? ) - i see - i see other attachement there , but not the eli- that 's probably the one - yeah , yeah , yeah - finally i found it and i 'm sharing my screen - and this is -this is the proposed logo , it could be - it could be simplified in some way but yeah - you 're welcome to - to come of with other suggestions ( but ) we would need some logo in any case . so if - if no other proposals come from anyone else we will probably work with this and - and try to simplify a- a- a little , and possibly make it like two colour thing - we 'll see . if you have any comments or suggestions to this please say so now - ( e ) yeah , i know - i know this is only a sketch ( ondrej ) , but i think you 've - you 've managed to ( ? ? ) this one . ( a ) oh , okay - how much yes , yeah , that very important ( e ) okay , . ( a ) so we will ( e ) it 's kind of ( ? ? ) actually . ( a ) yeah - ( c ) i thought that little ( football ) that thing is ( ? ? ) the event in silent . ( a ) that 's ( mike ) , the - the - f- the - yeah - like this one ( d ) yeah , that should be ireland - ( c ) it - it is ( ? ? ) ( e ) yeah , yeah . ( a ) okay , i think i- ( c ) but minor suggestion - i 'm not much ( concerned ) the ( bold ) ( ireland ) that you also aleviate- alienated all the thing that is east of the ( europe ) ( mountains ) . seems like the continent stops somewhere - yes . so maybe we could continue to the east of ( like of your globe ) . ( a ) yeah , so i th- i think that once we try to redraw this we will probably start with the - with the earth as it is - and - yeah - i - i - think - ( c ) you could - the earth turn upside down so that actually the south is on top and north is on the bottom . ( e ) yeah it i- it is supposed to be eurocentric which i think is fine , yeah - ( c ) ( ? ? ) is fine , cause i 'm kidding - ( e ) i - i think the - i think the concept is - is very good i think - yeah - ( c ) yeah . ( e ) just the map - ( looks- looks ) good . yeah . ( e ) it 's really good . yeah , okay , yeah . ( b ) yeah , too bad that elitr ca n't be translate easily otherwise it would be nice to have the translations coming out of the other end or something . ( a ) yeah , elitr is a - is a - perfect word , i - i really like it , it - it - i do n't know who exactly came with the suggestion i think it was ( ricco ) but i really like the - - the proposal - so , the name , and , yeah . so we 'll - we 'll work on this , if you have any other ideas or any simplifications then let us now , but we will - our plan is to start the web - the web page which would be probably elitr . eu ( cuni ) and the logo is an essential part for that so the sooner we have one the - the better . ( b ) yeah i meant if the elitr itself was translatable to other languages it would be nice to have the translations in the picture coming out . ( a ) yeah , but - ( b ) ea- of course it 's not , so never mind . ( a ) we do n't have any french partner so nobody is inclined to translate abbrevitions i would say - okay . so there was the - there was the end of - of the agenda for today . if there is anything that you would like to add please say so - otherwise thank you very much and i expect you to - to have your final ( say ) for the ( concertion ) agreement by the end of the week , especially your double check that the background of other people is sufficient for your duties ( ? ? ) . ( c ) okay . you 've seen my e-mail that ( ? ? ) might be delay ( ing ) this - ( ? ? ) the ( concertion ) agreement . ( a ) yes , so we have - we have mentioned this before you were able to join , i- i'm- i was not sure whether you have - you were there at the moment , so the sooner you have some comments from your lawyer the better , hopefully it could be by the end of the week , but if you need more , yes , we can also wait more . so please let me know - ( c ) yeah , yes . this is now my ( third ) lawyer with - in five months or so of this project so - ( a ) yeah , okay . yeah fingers crossed , so - so hopefully this one survived . ( c ) let 's keep our fingers crossed because the other two also live from one day on the other so - essentially i had e-mail exchange with the lawyer on the ( thursday ) on friday and today i found out that she 's gone . ( a ) okay , yeah , well , it 's - it 's hard , maybe - maybe it is a- maybe lawyers are equally like jumping from side to side as - as it people are in - in the industry , so it 's - yeah . frendic times . okay , so thank you very much for your time and for your comments and we 'll let you know how - how this evolves and we 'll be in touch . thank you . ( c ) thank you . ( d ) thank you , bye bye , thank you very much . thanks . ( b ) thank you , bye bye . ( c ) thank you , bye .", "tgt": "the grand agreement signed by the european commission needs to be signed by all the partners ( the legal signatory person ) . the final wording of the ( concertion ) agreement needs to be agreed on not on the call , but by the end of the week . joined ownership option 1 instead of option 2 ( suggested by edinburgh , accepted by cuni ) . supreme audit office will not sign the ( concertion ) agreement as a partner sao as a third party with another agreement , listed in the attachement . the try run elitr joining a competition in presenting fake companies in czech or english by high school students ( 22nd march ) an opportunity to test the set-up in practice . not sure whether there will be a czech asr available for the try run . discussion over the logo proposal . to accept all the suggestions of the edinburgh lawyers except the one softening the grand agreement requirement . to check and complete the signature pages . to check the background of each party ( deadline the end of the week ) to make sure that all other parties provide the information needed for individual duties in the project . to indicate availability for a meeting in prague via the ( doodle poll ) then to agree on a date ."}
{"src": "( on ) yeah okay . thank you . so , okay , okay . so the i saw message from uhm from the ( ? ? ) meeting , so it has probably all or ( ? ? ) notify all of you , that you are being recorded now . and you can ( ? ? ) refrained from speaking if you do n't want to be recorded ( ? ? ) and do n't do n't share anything . uhm uhm i 'll go over the uhm agenda . which i because so the like mixed devices that i 'm using which i can not directly uhm share with you . i can only few highlighting the google documents , so if ( you ) looking at the agenda at the google document , you will see me selecting the first point and that the grant agreement . yesterday , it was signed by the european commission . and now it means to be signed by all the partners . so uhm your representative persons . for our case it is the ( dean ) , uhm the the uhm the legal signatary person had to uhm go to research for its ( ? ? ) , ( clean ) the manage project . and then uh , ( ? ? ) the grount agreement . it seems like pdf icon , but it 's not a download pdf thing , it unrolles uhm small part uhm of of that list , and there will be a button to to sign it . so i think that everybody will be able to do this uhm in in the coming days or you you can do it right now . and uhm if you have any technical problems ( ? ? ) button , please contact me . so that we can like explain how to do this . so if you also know the grant agreement already includes uhm our project proposal . all the thing that we promised to do , so that uhm that now uhm going to be uhm like 35 in- ( ? ? ) as aprove our goals . so uhm the next item , uhm is the ca . and i would like to agree on the final wording . it will not happen on the call as i mentioned . but uhm it should hopefully happen for example by the end of the week , or or so . of the projects are also proceeding this uhm this fast . uh . we got uhm set of suggestions from ( edinbara ) that tereza has uhm entered to the google document because you receive them in uhm in work document . and so if you see some comments from tereza than most of them are actually by ( edinbara ) lawyers . and i went through all of them . and i do n't think there is anything bad , it 's mainly like ( miner ) working issues . so our plan is to except all of those , except uhm the one , which was softning the grant agreement grant greement requirements to notify everyone had a publication . so if you remember uhm if you hope should i- i could . yeah . can someone . yeah . milo\u0161 . can you can you make me presenter ( what of the ) ond\u0159ej . which of . ( mi ) one of you the one is that is speaking is a presenter . ( on ) okay , so . can i still be speaking from the same device , but be presenter from uhm the laptop ? ( mi ) maybe if you switch to tjhe native client and not the web one , then i 'll know which one it is . ( on ) how do i do that ? ( mi ) let me just tries . see when it 's the right one . ( on ) yeah . sorry ? someone was very quiet , who was that ? i heard someone speaking , was that- yeah . tereza , okay . ( te ) this one . ( on ) okay . ( wrong ) one . ( on ) that ' the wrong . yeah . that ' the wrong , ond\u0159ej . and tereza your your voice is very uhm okay . ( ? ? ) i can speak on the on the other connection and the ( ? ? ) . so uhm in the gra- , so does everybody know which paragraph i was referring to ? uhm ( ? ? ) the grant agreement requirement- ( on ) oh , yeah , well . i have n't heard . ( mi ) uhm yeah . page 26 ? ( aa ) eleven point nine . i think . ( on ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so are . ( bb ) yeah , i 'm not quite sure where we are in discuss involvel the crossings them so one so- ( on ) so now the text now the text seems cross out . ( bb ) yeah . ( on ) and uh , we would like to reject this suggest ( ? ? ) to delete it , so we would like to keep that in . ( bb ) partly ( ? ? ) ( on / bb ) which comes originally from our lawyer . ( bb ) yeah . ( on ) ( ? ? ) suggested to remove it again . it was never in the part of that them ( ? ? ) never in the template , so we added it , ( ? ? ) at the drop it , and we wiil still ( ? ? ) to keep it . ( bb ) so , so , sorry , i apologize for not having read all our lawyers comments . but what did he propose instead ? ( on ) nothing , just to drop it . ( bb ) nothing ? okay . so then then they will be no obligations of dissemination , is that right ? ( on ) ehm , no the grant agreement has uhm rule , which requires everybody , ( bb ) ahaa . ( on ) to uhm to uhm yeah . i i 'll u you are already seen my screen . so i 'll try to minimalized it and i 'll scroll to this point . so that you are hopefully ( ? ? ) right thing . and ( ? ? ) paragraf . ( ? ? ) the number ( ? ? ) before that . hm . was it nine something . yes , ( mi ) eleven point . ( on ) eleven point . yeah . eleven point , so . ehm . yeah . ( bb ) ehm , ehm . ( on ) whole cross out text . is what has been proposed by our uhm lawyer . and if if tereza wanted to remove that what it was your lawyer who wanted remove that . so i would like to- ( bb ) okay . so whenever i 'm i 'm confused whenever lawyer wants is to go back to the grount agreement , where we have to specify this 45 days , which nobody ever does anyway . ( on ) yeah , yeah . ( bb ) okay . and results covered ( ? ? ) is a can ( ? ? ) read it , it is crossed that . ( on ) uhm , okay . so i 'll rig it at the moment . ( bb ) yeah , yeah , ye . ( on ) so i 've just rig . . is it ? ( bb ) i mean , i i , i think these restrictions a publication just impractical and have ( ? ? ) as a same . no day will follows them anyway . ( on ) yeah , so if you are fine wit with not following your lawyers recommendation . ( bb ) yeah . ( on ) then we 're there . ( bb ) yeah . i 'm not sure i 've a fully understand this . but yeah , mean , it is basically saying , do n't publish somebody else 's results . or something like that . ( on ) yeah . yeah . this is what do you discussed last time . and if you think that someone would like to patent it , uhm also like do n't do it . do n't publish it , because publishing is what what prevent uhm it 's from patent thing . ( bb ) right , so ( ? ? ) was patent the obligation is on them to say to the other members of the consortium . look , they will publish down in here . ( on ) yeah . ( bb ) right ? ( on ) yeah , yeah , yeah . kind of . so if somebody wants to patent they , they should rather say , so to the to the colleagues of the consortium . uhm i hope that like it it the wording is , uhm i think the wording is ( ? ? ) our solely by legal ( ? ? ) of the sort ( ? ? ) or otherwise ( ? ? ) the protection uhm ( ? ? ) patent can be this enemy without ( ? ? ) . so . ( bb ) yeah . ( on ) yeah , yeah . so the first ( ? ? ) this is- ( mi ) i do n't know . ( bb ) yeah . i mean , it was what we have to . i suppose i do n't every ( ? ? ) anymore , than i do . do we . are we banned by what the lawyer says , or can we just . ( mi ) i do n't know , i think we 'll have to double check , but i would also person agreement ( ? ? ) clauses ( ? ? ) fine and become push back on what the lawyer says . ( on ) right . i do n't know how in ( edinbara ) , double check with your lawyers , but i think that our lawyers are not signing it it anyway , and at this uhm is actually that ( dean ) who is funny , but you are ( ? ? ) . so uhm i think that you can follow or ignore their recommendation . ( bb ) right , right . okay . we will check who has to- ( on ) yeah , yeah . ( bb ) who estimated session . yeah . ( on ) so , uhm . yeah . yeah , so i think that hopefully uhm ( ? ? ) . you have the extra days uhm or how much you need uhm that karlsruhe also had for the review . so uhm if that paragraphing already is more that 's that 's it . okay . so . here the resolution in so ( bery ) will double check with their lawyers uhm the paragrapf can probably stay in ca . this ( ? ? ) lawyers uhm recommendation . yeah . and another mm like uh bigger change . that was there was that your lawyers suggested uhm option one in set of option two which we have preselected in this joint ownership . so let 's look at that . eight point two . option one . yeah . so . joined ( ownership ) . ehm owners otherwise agreed , each of the joint owners should be entitle to use their ( jointly ) out results for non commercial research activities on relative free bases without ( ? ? ) and uhm uhm should be entitled to otherwise exploit , uhm and to grant nonexclusive ( ? ? ) third parties . if the other joined owners are given notice , and and reasonable conditions . so i 've check this uhm uhm this is the exact wording , which appears in the original ( ? ? ) ( bb ) yeah . ( on ) and we have originaly drop it , because it was ( ? ? ) both for us . and your lawyers suggested that they would rather use this option one . so we are fine with that ehm at all . so if everyone uhm is fine uhm with that uhm then uhm ( cuni ) will except uhm this recomendation and use option one not option two . ( bb ) ok . ( on ) yeah , so that 's the other big point . and uhm the all the other edit ( ? ? ) free to review them in in the document , but all of them seems very ( ? ? ) to me , and uhm like uhm i have n't seen any aplications that would arise from accepting or rejecting them . so we 'll just accept that . yeah . so there is , yeah there is then uhm the ( completion ) of signature pages . so i would like to ask tereza and every partner to check the final . that this is at the end of the document it is just a uhm before the attachment come . there should be one page per partner with just the signatures . and and the right person to mentioned . so i uhm signatures yes . yes , as witness the parties have cause bla bla bla bla . insert name of the parties so everybody in the order as t ( ? ? ) dot of the document uhmm please insert your correct names , and people who are signing it and the titles , and i do n't know about the date ( ? ? ) made this ( ? ? ) we wiil be ( ? ? ) only like a handwriting . so tereza will probably prepare this , uhm or you can do it on your own and make sure validate it . so that we have the right person mention ( ? ? ) . there is no problem was what the name . so that 's the signature pages . and then there is the background . so i would like to thank everybody for providing their background information uhm and uhm i would like to ask everyone now to check every other uhm background . so the idea is that whatever is listed in the background , will be freely available for the project pourposes . so think of your obligations in the project . so what you are expected to deliver and what you uhm pervoice will this going to integrate everything , so pervoice uhm will have to uhm e excpect uhm will have to get they translations systems and models . and and all this from from the other parties , uhm in some cases this is uhm . this will be new results think that we will be developed in the project , and that holds for them automatically for something that is existing model . and the existing models need to be mentioned in the background that the parties providing , otherwise we would need to uhm like at the background later , uhm so if it 's obviously something that we can like resolve later , if we forget something , it can be inwriting corrected at any point . uhm but if we do it now , it will be easier . so everybody please check that all other parties are providing what you will need for your work for your obligations . some parties suggest us , we mention more things . and that 's ok as well . so uhm that that 's not a problem . but it 's important that everybody ( ? ? ) that they are getting the tools and and resources for their ( use ) in the project . so if you have any problem . if you have anything missing uhm please uhm contact uhm the respektive party , and and also ( ? ? ) copy me or tereza , and uhm like uhm we should negotiate . so the uhm output here deadline deadline and all of the ( ? ? ) . so by the end of the week please uhm double check that you have that you are getting the resources that that you will need . okay . so the next point is then uhm . so we have discussed with the supreme audit office . what ( the date ) would be uhm able to find the the ca ( at it is ) . we have even translated it to check for them , so that they could review it , uhm and unfortunetly they do n't final ( ? ? ) that they will not be finding this ( ? ? ) partner . uhm the main reason is that is the wrong ( ? ? ) belgian law . and that will be difficult for them to explain their laywers that this is no no harm to uhm them . so i do n't expect that the whole consortium will be happy to switch to to the czech law . with discuss this ( ? ? ) and instead of uhm of mating sao sign this agreement . we will be having ( bilateral ) agreement , uhm so sao will be ( ? ? ) third party formerly it's ask who is promising that they the respective things uhm will be available for the project and and delivered to the to the project and so on . and we will have this this link with with the supreme audit office . but we also need the supreme audit office to be able to use the result from the project . so uhm the way , this is done . that the supreme audit office will be listed among the afilated entities . and there is an attachment prepared for this or the entered uhm at the suggestion uhm sao for that . so sao is not signing but it appears in in the attachment number four . and that uhm that it . so i do n't think that there is any problem for any other partner with this , it 's our risk . and if sao miss behave then we will simply find and another user and and find another circumstances to test our tools , and and so on . but this is like the worst case scenario , and i do n't expect it . yeah . ( you happen at all . ) yeah . so uhm in the link in in the formal agreement that we will have with the supreme audit office we will make sure that supreme audit office will provide data for training and testing whatever it can be provided . and this is , of course , this can not be listed as the moment even because no one knows how much data is there . and and so on . so it can be made . it it can not be made more precise this this specification . yeah . and also that the project will get access , uhm and and the option to test the tools . uhm at sao event . especially the eurosai congress . uhm and uhm we will also like uhm again ( ? ? ) closely follow the description of uhm action or ( ? ? ) uhm to make sure that- because sao is listed there actually . so there are some task where sao has some ( ? ? ) located . and there are part of some deliverables in ( some ) way . so we will make sure that this is this appears in the link between charles university and sao in some way . okay . so are there any further comments for the ca ? ( bb ) maybe technical one . ( on ) yeah . ( bb ) uhm , well . you say that sao will provide the the acces to the congress and in the hypothetical situation you should replace us . then it will be very hard to fi- find a replacement that will allow you to ( ? ? ) conditioned ( ? ? ) . just a technical ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah , yeah , yeah . that 's that 's our risk . well this can not happend . so you are running the congress we will get it . well , if it does happend , we will find another conference ( ? ? ) there is there is also like conferences ( ? ? ) . so in the worst case that there is conferences around . but let 's let 's hope we ( be not happend ) . ( bb ) yeah , of course . ( on ) yeah , ok so let me just ( ? ? ) with the karlsruhe joined call or not ? so it does n't seem that that karlsruhe uhm join the call . uhm , it 's not too big problem anyway , because they do n't have their work from their lawyers . so uhm we will treat to karlsruhe supportly . hopefully nothing will uhm nothing serious will will come from their lawyer uhm anymore . uhm and hopefully , by the end of the week uhm the ca uhm will be in the state , which will be like finalize . so that we will than circly it among you , so that you can ( ? ? ) for the last time , and it should be ready for signing uhm from the next week . yeah . ok . yeah . so then there is this doodle for uhm ( ? ? ) meeting . uhm we would like to have it like one in half days , probably in in prague . so please indicate your availability uhm for that for that doodle poll . and we will then again by the end of the week try to decide on the date . as i wrote in the e-mail today , the project officer would also like to join . and uhm to uhm to uhm fill that poll as well . uhm and i would like uhm surely supreme audit office still to be there , ( ? ? ) in prague it should be easy for them . so milo\u0161 uhm also zden\u011bk ( ? ? ) should should indicate this availability . at least zden\u011bk ( ? ? ) . maybe other people , because there is also like the dissemination activites that we have uhm uhm plant . so there could be other people . it 's still like uhm lot of time had . but there there will be the the ( ? ? ) workshops . so whoever is envolved uhm from supreme audit office , it would probably be nice to to attend that event . ( bb ) yep , i agree . ( on ) yeah . and for other partners . it is- so normally it 's like the representative of uhm or the ( ? ? ) research people who are attending these uhm these meetings , the ( ? ? ) meeting and ( ? ? ) meeting . but uhm i think it could- it would be very useful also , especially for the less experience partners in their administrative if ( would ) joined this . uhm so uhm please ( ? ? ) that . it is your money your ( ? ? ) fund that you have to use this . so you will not get much from us . you will get some dinner , but not not the accomodation for example , uhm uhm in uhm so but they sh- there should be enough in your budget to to cover as many people as you ( ? ? ) appropriate . so uhm so when we will have selected the day , you will see how many people from your team make it . and then we will find ( ? ? ) the numbers , and and ( ? ? ) how to organized it but as i said the main message is that we would like to meet also your admitory people . it 's it 's probably not necessary for big universities , like ( edinbara ) , where the ( administrative ) people have like 1000 of projects per year . ok so that 's the ( ? ? ) and uhm yeah uhm let 's let 's look at the or later . and then there is uhm the one more thing uhm of there is two more things . uhm the ( ? ? ) run , the the very first ( dry ) run that i have emailed uhm pervoice , karlsruhe and ( edinbara ) about some while ago , have n't heard from you . and i take it as as like a polite way of saying no , but i 'll still like to convince you that the say yes to this , uhm it 's called uhm in czech it 's it 's the uhm it 's the congress . or ( ? ? ) of nonexisting companies uhm the english name is is slightly different . ii is high school students who are coming uhm to to this event . and they are presenting uhm some fake companies , and uhm everybody like follows , and they there there is some competitions about the presentation of these companies . and there is one more competition on like 90 seconds in in an elevator presentation of the company , and uhm the presentations are running czech or english . it depends on the on the team . and uhm tereza has talk to the high school teacher who is organizing this . and uhm he was so fine with us uhm joining this event . the only catch is that is already on march 20 22nd . and as i have seen the the workshop that supreme audit office has had uhm two weeks ago , i think it would be very useful for us to see that 's the live conditions of some congress . so i i think it it 's a very good opportunity to test it . that also seen the the demos that uhm pervoice and karlsruhe have for their technology from their previous project , ( the huge bridge ) . and i think the the demos were were exceptional . it was very good . so i was realy like ( will ) to see some similar setups tested in practise . uh , because uhm like that . that 's a ( ? ? ) high school students , and their bad english pronunciation and czech which we do not have ( ? ? ) and so on . so uhm yeah . so so are ( ? ? ) is indeed to go for this , uhm and and and run it as uhm good as weekend . and i would like you to to take part . so i 'm not requiring or asking uhm anyone to attend prague in person unless you would like to , uhm but i would like to ask for your assistance with the existing models and tools , so that we could test it with uhm with a elitr tools . and not some like some other solution . that there is there is ways how we could replace various components from uhm elitr with other tools . but i would like to go as close uhm from the technical point of view , as we will be delivering for the supreme audit office in the common years . ( bb ) so i ( ? ? ) pervoice would be ( ? ? ) . ( on ) i 'm i 'm sorry , it 's a very hard for me to understand . i 'll try to switch of my uhm h- so i 'm now- yeah . ( bb ) i understood the question . so uhm sebastien . i confirm we can use the uhm ( actor ) protocol , and the the protocol you 're you 're already have use the in the past project . and the the mediator is after running . so we are uhm available for testing . even immediately . ( se ) yeah , ( it should be ? ? ) ( which actions on like to have on that ? ) ( bb ) uhm , i have n't i did n't understand . sebastien . ( se ) my question was which ( ? ? ) would like to have ? ( on ) yeah . so it would be only ( foolish ) to czech and czech to english . but we probably do n't have checked . so we 'll see whatever it- ( se ) ( ? ? ) something ( ? ? ) something . ( te ) so uhm the ( ? ? ) companies uhm it 's organized in prague . and ah ( ? ? ) companies from uhm economics high schools from all over the europe will come to prague . but the main communication language will be english . so mainly it will be from english to czech . and since there will be also a lot of companies from the czech republic . so also from czech to english . ( bb ) are they going to be german companies for example ? or german high school students ? ( te ) ah , there should be . uhm - ( bb ) we could ( sent ) english to german ( translating ) . we could also do it just to spanish , german to spanish , english to french for example , german to french . ( te ) uhm they still do n't know how many companies will come because they open the registration like two weeks ago . so they still do n't have to many companies signed in . ( bb ) i have ano- another question on this topic regarding the audio recording uhm . this how the audio collection would be done directly from the event organization from the event uhm recording facilities or uhm so so is there any recording proceeded the in the where the event will take place or is it something ( but ) needs to be set up for the event . ( on ) so i do n't know know how much tereza knows about this , i would expect but tereza should to should double check with the organizers uhm that they have standard ( ? ? ) system . so they will probably have had sets for the speakers , uhm and there will be the the standard mixing uhm like desk , and i hope that we would be able to to connects to this , but i do n't expect them to have any digital , uhh any like digitalisation of uhm of the sound . so i do n't expect the recording would be available in any digital form . and this is where we should connect . ( te ) uhm i believe that five years ago , it was uhm that the speakers had only microphones and there was the mixing pult and some computers . ( se ) ( ? ? ) we can work with that . ( bb ) ok and the the other question was regarding the publishing of the ( ? ? ) . do you think uhm it is important also published output online , because uhm i mean on a website , because the web publishes part of the project . ( on ) yes , so so i do n't know the what exactly does you ( ? ? ) platform offer . we have not talked about the publication of this of the recordings , and anything like that was the organizers . so we should . we should check if they want it , or if they ( ? ? ) do n't want any publishing . and then we will see whether this matches was the standard you ( ? ? ) uhm pipeline . so i could imagine that they do n't want any published videos . but i could also imagine that they actually do want the extra disability . so we have to talk to them . so what is ( ? ? ) . ( bb ) ( ? ? ) the website available ( where ) you can uhm see the results ? ( on ) ok . so the default is that it is published and they would have to opt out . and that would be some extra work for you . ( bb ) ( while ) that not ex- no extra work . we just do n't show the website . ( on ) ok , yeah , ok , yes , so so we can even ( offered ) to them . uhm to have this published so that uhm like other participants and remote participants can see this . ( bb ) ok , the last question was regarding the czech asr because sebastien talk about the machine translation . and but the ( ? ? ) is the need of the czech asr . so uhm who will integrated the czech asr with the service architect ( ? ? ) to provide the the input for the machine translation . ( se ) so , just to be ( ? ? ) currently ( ? ? ) we do n't have any czech asr . and i do n't think that we will have the first person available by by ( ? ? ) by march . and i do n't think we currently also do n't have a machine translation system . that 's ( ? ? ) to czech . ( on ) yes , so we we do have a czech to english and english to czech machine translations system available on the web already . it 's transformer . it 's trained on individual sentences . so it will be harsh conditions for this , it 's like the best performing one uh this year i- uh but it 's at level of sentences and the uh , the segment that will come out from asr even the english one would probably not be sentences . so we can - even provide sentences . full sentences , right ? ( bb ) exactly . so we provide ( ? ? ) text that includes uhm punctuation . so you can statement on the accomplished marks . and then you can ( ? ? ) translates ( ? ? ) if you want to just need to implement ( ? ? ) protocol , how to sent the results ( ? ? ) from that . ( on ) so i think that the two months like january and february should be sufficient to implement this protocol . so . i would like to get the technical details from you uhm whenever you have them ( ? ? ) that i can see how different is that from the way that uhm we call our machine translation system . so that will be covering at least the english to czech translation . so this is something that we almost have at hand . and for the czech asr uh . i do n't know how difficult it is to train uhm a czech asr model . student of mine has done it with some other tools and uhm i have n't done it myself , and the student has left unfortunately , uh . so there is some data available . i can find it . and i could even search for more data and uhm i do n't have a person at hand but i could tried to find . so so i would be rather unclear . i would say that it may be the case that we will have czech asr as well . but it also maybe the case that we wo n't have them ( model ) ready for for this ( ? ? ) event . and the organize ( it will be probably ) fine with this , and we should do our best to to have the model . so uh , i do n't know how difficult is uhm how difficult it is to to train model . and so what is what is easier for karlsruhe ? to teach us how to do it , and we will try it uhm , or if we just uhm ship the data that we have for you . and then you would you would train it for the event . what is easier ? ( bb ) probably uhm teaching you how to do it . ( on ) yeah , okay . ( bb ) aah , essentially what- what you can do moreless is uhm you can actually train with whatever toolkit you want . then the ( ? ? ) we do uhm little retraining . uhm so that we have models fault toolkit uhm but we will should discussed that off-line . but there is probably ( ? ? ) easy solution , easy , not easy . but there is probably an half there is probably a viable solution . but uhm still , i think marches ambitious . ( on ) yeah , okay , yeah . so we 'll . we 'll see . so i think it 's clear what we should communicate to the organizers of the event , and it 's clear what we should discuss from the technical point of view , i know that uh , jan ( ? ? ) presented the uh the kit ( ? ? ) or what was the name of the toolkit and the mark on it september . so that also included the asr ( ? ? ) right ? ( bb ) yeah , yeah . but that is not a toolkit that can be used in the setting . so this is just the baseline system . and ( ? ? ) is not fit for doing online at that is not ( ? ? ) system . ( on ) okay , okay . so i will get the technical deals from you . and we will see how far we get ourselves , and it will be nice exercise for us to get into the uh , the speech recognition of czech which in the long term we want to do anyway , so uh , i think it 's it 's a good exercise . and if we succeed , then we plug that in . and if we do n't that uhm it will be only english to ah german and czech . booth the connector that we have to ( write ) and possibly german to english and possibly german to uhm czech via english . yeah . ( bb ) solve 's reasonable . ( on ) yeah . ok . thank you . so . so i hope that that there is ( or ) someone has taken notes on this , and will let you know how this how this proceeds . so thank you very much for uhm for agreeing to this , we will also be in touch with the uh with the recording device like what what type of microphones will be available for that event , will get in touch with the organizers . and and see as soon as we learn some technical details . we will double check with you . uh , if there uhm if this is feasible , or if it has to be replaced . and we will see how that goes . that 's exactly the purpose of this ( dry run ) . alsaltought it 's a public one , a to to see how it behaves , and what what problems we we will have . so the final presentation of of this is on the web page , right . so people simply cornick with whatever system or handheld device they have , they connect to to web page and the web page shows the transcripts or the translation , right ? that 's ( ? ? ) will be question for pervvoice . ( bb ) yeah . ( ? ? ) currently . currently uhm we can 't . we have not the web publishing of the subtitles . ( on ) ok , so . what is what comes out . ( ? ? ) what what is the the final end of the pipeline at the moment ? as sebastien suggested , sebastien please correct me if i 'm wrong . you proposed use your i do not remember the name . your component for publishing . ( se ) ( ? ? ) website . we can use ( ? ? ) translator website . ( on ) yeah , ok . so i will get uhm ( ? ? ) myself with the lecture translator website and possibly talk to sebastien about the internals , because ideally we we think of like a secondary projector that would uh project the subtitles next to the speaker , or as an overlay of the of the slides of the of the speaker . and this also something that that needs to be like set up and found the best way for the other meetings . so it 's part of the ( dry run ) . yeah , thank you . so that 's that 's very promising amam very optimistic about this . also also , obviously , it 's uhm . it 's a high risk business , and we can see many , many errors . and that 's that 's the point . ok . and the last point that i have in the agenda is the logo , so uhm what do you have the logo . so tereza has uhm tereza has drawn one , suggestion , and uhm yeah . so the ( ? ? ) so you are welcome to proposed other other logos , but i will try to locate i 'll try to locate the logo . uh , it 's not searching , still not searching , it 's too , clever . so you can read all my emails now . and if you resolves some of ( ? ? ) that will be nice . uhm . we have disccused too many things . uhm yeah , well , ok that 's different thing . so tereza if you are able to locate the uhm . no . you also do n't have it . because you are not using your your computer . ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , well , i was trying to to locate the proposal of of logo by uhm by tereza , uhm but i do n't have . uhm . yeah , i ca n't find it at the moment . this is simply , it is could be now . no , that 's none one . yeah , yeah , so . i 'm not able to to show you the logo at the moment , it 's it 's somewhere in my email , too many emails . uhm and . ( te ) i have found it . ( on ) excellent . so can you share it ? uhm . i will stop sharing . ( te ) no , i tell you where is it . it 's in email from 5th of of november . ( ? ? ) ( on ) sorry . november . no that 's another one . ( te ) to do elitr . ( on ) so that 's the one , but i ( ? ? ) . just a elitr . i see other attachment there . but no to the elitr , ahh that 's probably one , yeah , yeah , yeah . finally i found it , and i 'm sharing my screen . and this is this is the proposed logo . it could be . it could be simplified in some way but uhm yeah . you 're welcome to to come of with other suggestions , what we would need some logo in any case . so if if no other proposals come from anyone else , we will probably work with this , and and try to simplified a little , um , and possibly make it like two colored thing . we we will see . if you have any comments or suggestions to this , please say so now . ( bb ) yeah , i know this i know this is only a sketch , ondrej . but i think you have you have managed ( ? ? ) the irish ( ? ? ) with this one . ( on ) oh , ok , ( ? ? ) ( on ) that 's a mike , the the uhm . like this one . ( te ) yeah , that 's should be ireland . yes . ( ? ? ) ( on ) yeah , yeah . ( bb ) but of mine suggestion . i 'm not some much ( ? ? ) about ireland ( ? ? ) essentially all the thing that as the east of the ( ? ? ) . seems like the continent stops somewhere . so maybe we could continue to the east of like ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah , so uhm i think , i think that once we will try to redraw this . will probably start with the the earth as it is uhm and yeah . ( bb ) ( ? ? ) you could turn the earth upside on . so that actually the ( ? ? ) is on the top of north ( ? ? ) button . ( on ) yeah , but it is ( ? ? ) europe centric which i think is fine . i think the concept is is very good , i think yeah . ( ? ? ) ( bb ) too bad elitr can be translate easily . otherwise , it would be nice to have the translations coming out of the other end or something . ( on ) yeah , elitr is a is a perfect word . i really like it . it it . i do n't know who exactly came with the suggest , i think it was recall , but i really like the the proposal still the name . and . yeah , so we will . we will work on this . if you have any other ideas or any uhm simplifications , then let us know , but we will- our plan is to start the web page , which would be probably elitr . eu . uhm ( ? ? ) and the logo is an essential part for that . so uhm the sooner we have one the the better . ( bb ) yeah , i meant if the elitr itself was translatable to other languages . it would be nice to have the translations in the pictupre coming out . but of course it't not so never mind . ( on ) we do n't have any french partners so nobody is inclined to translate abbreviations i would say . ok so . there was there was the end of of the agenda for today . if there is anything that you would like to uh add , please say so . otherwise , thank you very much . and i expect you to to have your final say for the ca by the end of a week . especially your double check that the background of other people sufficient for ( ? ? ) . ( bb ) ok . i know you 've seen my email that care team ( ? ? ) delaying this ( ? ? ) ca . ( on ) yes . so we have . we have mentioned this before you were able to join . i 'm i was not sure where do you have you were there at the moment . uh . so the sooner you have some comments from your lawyer the better , uh , hopefully , it could be by the end of the week . but if you need more . yes . we can also wait more . so please ( ? ? ) . ( bb ) this is no my third lawyer with in five months to solve this project so . ( on ) yeah , ok . ( ? ? ) so hopefully this once survives . ( bb ) lets keep our fingers crossed , because the other tool also live for one day on the others . so essentially i had email exchange with the lawyer on thursday or friday . and today i have found although she is ( ? ? ) . ( on ) ok , well . it 's it 's harsh . maybe maybe it is uhm maybe lawyers are equally uhm like uhm jumping from side to side as as it people are in the in the industry . so it 's um yeah . ( ? ? ) times . ok . so thank you very much for your time and for comments . and will let you know how this evolves and will be in touch . thank you . thank you . thank you . thank you . bye . bye . bye .", "tgt": "everyone is informed that they are being recorded . the day before , the grant agreement was signed by the european commission , everyone should sign it . ondrej would agree on the final wording of the ca by the end of the week . discussion of proposals of individual lawyers . signature pages . contract should be ready for signing from the next week . doodle for meeting . congress . czech asr . plan to start webpage elitr . eu . logo . next time everyone will check that all other parties provide what they need for their job duties . by the end of the week check that everyone have chat they are getting the resources that they will need ."}
{"src": "( ob ) yes , so everybody is fine with- with recording . and i would like to ask uhm milo\u0161 to start recording now , so hopefully we can start it . yeah . so the first thing is the kick-off meeting the date is more less sad , it 's uhm the - i think it 's fifteenth of january , it 's tuesday . and the question is whether you would prefer uhm a half day before that and a half day after that uhm or a half day after that . so either the- the wednesday uhm morning , or a monday evening as a like second half of monday as well , and i would like to leave this so far undecided and let you know soon , obviously , we will consider the ( boards ) that you have in the doodle . so please take this into account and refine your your choices around the fifteenth of january . whether it is easier for you to come for uhm monday or to to come for wednesday . and the other decision , the- the- the other point , that i would like to- to have before i make the final decision is , whether uhm we should meet in person with the trask company . so , for those who uhm know , or for- for those who do n't know , trask is the company that sao has like independently solicited to create the competing solution for uhm the automatic translation of- of their conferences . and as i have already talked to karlsruhe and and pervoice , sao is like half way apologetic for that situation as it- as it- finally ended up being , because of very ( various tank ) constraints . they were first like talking to us , then it was not sure whether our project will be accepted , and in the meantime , they were already anxious , how the- will they support their- their congress and so on , so they also searched for the commercial solution . and in the end , they have two possible providers for that . so i 've talked to the trask company , uhm it 's just trask i think cz or- or com . uhm their website does not mention any translation of conferences , any speech translation whatsoever . this is like new domain for them , but they 're quite quick uhm in- in getting the technology put together . they rely on microsoft tools . so all they do is- is just like a gathering the speech signal , then segmenting it and sending it per parts to microsoft asr . and then receiving these parts and sending that again per parts to microsoft translate . and then what they have , is this presenting application on cell phones , and also web- uhm on the web . and they present the translations of- of what is being said . they 've put together this integration tool in about two months off , like two persons , uhm and they have already tested it at one of the sao events in november . and they- they know like , what everything has to be improve and so on . and they- so we all know , that this is a potential very big conflict or a competition , especially with pervoice , but we have discussed this and we 'll keep discussing it for ( don ) . the goal is not to run into any conflicts and- and war , the the idea is that we should mutually support each other . and there is ways , in which like this collaboration instead of competition can be beneficial for everyone . this company does not build their own models , so uhm all the partners , who are building their speech or or text processing models , are very good like providers of solutions to this company . and this company is , on the other hand , could- could like help us in- in marketing and selling the- the product , so because they have their experience from the past , they have customers in the czech republic for other topics , they could help us in- on the business part of- of elitr . so i propose that those who are interested should probably meet with trask in person , so that we will directly discuss how to partition the- the space , so that we reduce the- the competition aspect on- on- at least on the business side , and keep it for the- for the technological side as a competition between the models that we created versus that microsoft develops . and for this meeting i think it would be a nice opportunity to- to collocate it with the- with the kick-off meeting . and that 's why i would kind of suggest you to have this uhm meeting with trask around our meeting either on monday morning or on wednesday afternoon . and i 'll talk to trask , if you agree , i will then talk to trask and see what their preferences are and based on that- like set the dates for our kick-off meeting . so i know that karlsruhe is not on the call , but if dario can- can comment on this right away , maybe in general and not necessarily specifying the date , but in general . ( da ) for me , it 's okay . ( ob ) yeah . yes , so- so , if i do n't hear no from sebastian , then i will invite trask to- to tell their date and then we 'll meet . and again , others from the consortium can also meet this company , but it is not needed . so this is , this would be like up to you , whether you want to be in this discussions or not . okay . well , i'm- as i 'm speaking , i 'm not able to type , really , so if someone can populate the minutes , as we go in the way , that the automatic minuting would do , that would be great . so maybe if you are editing the document as- as well . yeah . so then , as you see , we have set up the website . i 'm sharing my screen , so maybe we will be able to see it on my screenshare . yes . so the big question that we have now is whether we should use serif or sans serif font through all the- the webpage . if you have any opinion plea- please let us know . and the- the webpage will be- will be like a regularly populated . we also have an e-mail address for the public . so this is something that gets sense to me and tereza for now . if you would like to- to respond to this as well then let us know , otherwise we'll- we 'll let you know , whatever comes from- from- from the public . i do n't have- ( te ) here i am . okay . ( ob ) yeah . ( te ) so as for the web , there is a section with logos of the partners , and i still have n't received the logos from pervoice and alphaview , so i would like to put it there too and also the link for your website , to where you want it to be redirected , so yes . ( ob ) yeah , yeah , yeah . and we need to polish the ways , this maybe better logos are . well , it 's optimised for the cell phone for now , it seems to me . yeah . it is like the logos are too big . yeah . but that's- that 's not a problem . so , yeah , anyway , we need the logos from you . ok , thank you . then there is the- the elitr logo . you have seen it in the e-mail , and we have vectorised it and we fused the ( text priced ) version now , to- to create also some- some versions in bitmap . and we have n't heard from you , so we assume that you liked the logo . if you still had any comments , please say so now or let us know very soon , otherwise we 'll start using the logo on the webpage , we have already used it on one presentation in vienna where the starting european projects were- were introducing themselves to- to other projects , and- and so on , so this logo has already appeared- appeared to some like limited public , but we still be able to- to change it . and then , i 'll also put the logos to the website , like i mean , the images in the various formats , so that you can start using them in your presentations or the pdfs , that you create and so on . and gradually we should be like building some dissemination kit , like a set of files that are useful , when you are- whenever you are making any public announcements related to- to elitr . i 'll also take the dissemination work package once the project starts , maybe we have been promised to do so . so ( is- ) ok , so now the most important bit for today is the grant agreements signing . and most of you have done this , and alphaviews still have not- sign that . i would just like to mention that it 's very important to- to get the signature , well , today or tomorrow , because it 's the thirtieth day , which is just the running out for- and- and the the signi- the grant agreement has to be signed within 30 days since the ( eu ) has- has circulated to us . so armin , or alin , could- could you please say the current status , i know that you have talked to tereza this morning already , so- ( ar ) yes , fine . ( ob ) please say what's- what 's the status ? ( ar ) okay , so , the first i want to apologise for the delay , it 's just the thing that we are new to such kind of project , and our management team is little bit- how can i say that , yeah- they- they , you know , they want to do everything right , but so it 's not meant in a bad way or that we do n't want to , or that we stop the project , however , it 's just the thing that we want to manage everything in a- in a right manner , so therefore we had a lot discussions about grant agreement , consortium agree- , consortium agreement , and i just got the e-mail , ten minutes before from my ceo , that when he will- when he arrives at the office , which will be around about two o'clock this , or two o 'clock p.m. we will sign the grant agreement , and as i tal- spoke with tereza , i will also send you e-mail as soon as we 've signed everything today . and- ( ob ) yeah . ( ar ) and the next step for us the- the contract , the consortium agreement , we ( ? ? ) with our lawyers at the- about the backgrounds and we do n't see any problem to sign the grant agreement , and they really apologise for this , i- i just want to let you know that it is not meant in a bad way . ( ob ) yeah , okay . thank you , this is- this is like ( ? ? ) fine , we were finding us beginning to be anxious . i totally understand your concerns , because i mean , this is like my 4th or 5th project in a row , so i know approximately what is- what is happening through all the project and i 've seen various problems , that can arise , but i have n't seen any big ones , and all the problems that i ever saw were like ( easily ) resolved , but i understand that you do n't have this- this history and this experience , so- ( ar ) yeah . ( ob ) so whenever you are like anxious about something , i think it 's very important that you ask either me or maybe other partners in the consortium , so- so- pervoice is on a similar status as you are , and they already have successfully participated in one european project at- at least that i know of , maybe there ( are ) more . so they would know what is the ways of resolving the various problems and- and- like the- , yeah . ( ar ) it's- it 's not the- the thing that lean on me are anxious about this , because well , how can i say that , we understand what- what 's in the grant agreement . it 's more that we have to inform at least two or three people here about the steps about the status of the project and until we got everyone informed , until everyone is on the same page , that's- that 's sometimes , you know , that takes the time . and that 's the case now so i 'm totally with you . we always- we all- we- we- we- you know , we are thinking about how to write this e-mail so that you get a fast next step to our home mangement , but still some terms- ( ob ) yeah . ( ar ) we have to inform them- ( ? ? ) and wait for the few decisions . ( ob ) yeah , yeah , okay . so well , hopefully , this will be resolved and i also , yeah , sorry , did you want to say something ? ( f ) i- i just said sure , sure . ( ob ) yeah , well , okay . and also independently , tereza , please , we should make sure that this grant agreement signing is the forms a. so we should contact our project officer , just to be totally sure that we are handling the process . because i- i said that i have been on- on many projects in the past , but this is the first i 'm coordinating it and there could be like legal or- or whatever as administrative procedures that i maybe not ever opt , so we we need to be like super- super cautions with this . so we should- we should double check again what forms a ( part ) this grant agreement . i think they are . ( te ) okay . ( ob ) and , yeah . yeah , okay . so hopefully via even tonight , the- the grant agreement will have been signed by everyone and that would be fabulous . and the other thing that we have to- to discuss and sign is the consortium agreement . so this is just reminder that maybe some of you have still not entered the- the title and name of- of your legal signatory person in the last pages of the elitr consortium agreement . and- so the consortium agreement , just to let you know ( where the where ) the most recent version is . that this is at the top of this document , this ca draft version open ( thing ) , you can open that and it is intended for further commenting and it- it is the status uhm of the like background of the document as we agreed in our call number two on this . so this is our third call of the consortium agreement and we will uhm like collect all your possible comments and resolve them according to what we 've agreed during this call . and that will make it a point four version for one more round of- of a commenting if necessary , but otherwise i think we- we actually will not need this , i hope that we are already far enough and everybody has- has- had their say , so this oh point four version could be the final one that needs to be sign . as far as i understand , the european commission does not really care like what is in the consortium agreement . it 's all uhm between us . so maybe there is not even deadlines , but well we should have it preferably within december so that we know when the project starts , what our mutual relations are and- yeah . okay , so i have already this elitr- -scroll down through this . i wanted to , yeah ? ( st ) you were out . can you repeat ? there was a gap . ( ob ) ok , yeah . ( st ) and we got lost . ( ob ) yeah , so well , i just mentioned that i have this- this elitr version open pre-opened as well and we go through the the comments in a second . but i wanted first to- to like say aloud what we have done in the meantime , because as you know , sao is not signing the consortium agreement , instead sao is preparing ( ? ? ) , oh sorry , bilateral contact- contract between us - charles university and supreme audit office . we 've already sent this draft to sao a week ago , if i am not mistaken , and sao is now looking at it . and it essentially contains the mix of things that are in the grant agreement and consortium agreement that are relevant for- for sao 's work in- within the project , and we are the the linking point for the whole consortium except sao and- and sao through the bilateral contract . so it 's ( pun ) wise , it 's very nicely organised , it like- it's- it 's good , that both the consortium agreement and bilateral agreement are in drafts at this point- at this point , because if something needs to be like discussed and then put into both of these contracts it can be easily done . so it- it has happened that we have through the like working on the- on the bilateral agreement . we have figure out that the official status that we 've planned for sao , the affiliated entity , is not like legaly appropriate . so the way i 've that i was presenting it in the last call was that the sao will be our affiliated entity to get access to our results and test them in- in their meetings and- and the congress . and it turns out that this status can not be used , so it 's nice that we could have easily proposed a new name , a new status , partially participating entities and sao will get this one , that 's the proposal , and so- like effectively nothing is changing , it 's only like relabelling , but it 's important that this true documents are consistent with the- with the label . and the access rights for affiliated entities that per previously in the consortium agreement uhm are now duplicated there . one version is for the affiliated entities , but that 's not applicable , uhm this- this copy is porch 9.5.1\\ . and it 's unchanged original as it was in the- in the ( desktop ) template for- for this consortium agreement and the second copy is 9.5.2\\ . and that 's access rights for partially participating entities , and this is modified in the way that we 've discussed in the- the previous call , are actually in the e-mails afterwards . we proposed that sao will have royalty-free access to the results of our project , to all the translation systems , the minuting tools , whatever , during the project lifetime- uhm during the project lifetime and fair and reasonable conditions after the project lifetime . and this is justified by the fact that we want sao to be the test partner , essentially as a full partner in the project , except that they are not signing the consortium agreement so they are not a full partner , but we want to give them the same access as every partner has . and after the project has ended all the various institutions in the consortium will have various costs associated with running the services . this is- if we really something in the open source , well sao can- can download it and use it on their own , but most of the things that we will have developed will not be of this- of this type , i believe , and it will be rather services running on- on the various clusters of- of the various institutes . and in that case it is important that like sao , as everybody else , every other possible user of- of the services , will- will pay their- the reasonable price for- for running this . so this is the main change . formally , it 's a new status , new name - partially participating entity . and contentwise it is what we have proposed in the- in the email . so i would like to check now whether everybody is happy with this- with this new set-up . or if you have any comments ? i know that karlsruhe , who are not on the call , are fine with this . yeah , so that's- that 's good . i do n't hear any complaints from you , yeah . so , now- this- this was the most important point and honestly i do n't remember what other- other points were there . yes , so let's- let 's not browse the- the version 0.3 of the of the consortium agreement so you see that- you see that we have created one more attachment identified partially participating entities according to section 9.5.2. and this is- this is where sao appears , so sao no longer appears as the affiliated entity . then- , yes , so hopefully- , this- this was a comment by sao , that the exploitation- i think , this was just a misunderstanding , so i hope that sao will now resolve this- this comment . ( sa ) yeah , sure . it was covered by the thing you talked about before . that was- ( ob ) yeah . ( sa ) that was it . so- ( ob ) ok . yeah , yeah . yeah , so just , please , ( click ) resolve so that we 're done , if you can ? if you can not i can do it for you . and then we have received some edits or proposed edits from karlsruhe 's lawyer and essentially- uhm these- these are labeled as anonymous and they happened on the december of- on the 6th of december . and i do n't think these edits are like affecting anyone in any way . it 's just some refinement of the wording , so my plan is to sign the except all of- all of these . please review them today or- or so . if you find any problem please let us know immediately , but i do n't think there is anything- anything dangerous in these edits by the anonymous . yeah , so another thing was that we did n't like the grammatically ( ? ? ) the edit by edinburgh lawyers , so i 'd like- if- if they are fine , the edinburgh lawyers could double check that , like we- we reject and go back to- to what was there before , if we can do this please- please confirm that . i hope that i 'm not misunderstanding something- some intention , some in- intentional change here . i think it was just- just bad editing or unfortunate editing of- of the created sentence so if edinburgh could double check with their lawyers . ( es ) we can do that , yes . ( ob ) yeah , thank you . and then , what else do we have ? this- yes , this is , we're- so , if anybody- but that 's not planned- if anybody should become the same- should- should obtain the same status sao has , to become the partially participating entity , then this will be discussed by the project coordination committee where everybody has their vote . so , this is just the same way as- as the other special status entities . then this is nothing special , this is just like tea has- tea 's the project administrator , so project management office , that's- that 's tea . then , yeah- so , the project ethics committee , this is something that- that we do n't have to discuss today at all , but , please , remember that shortly after the project start , we 'll have to appoint the project ethics committee . so think about people who would be respectable and- and would have the time to serve on our ethics committee and here is what- what they are expected to do . so please search for candidates . it's- it 's not that every partner needs to have someone there , quite the contrary , it 's three to five members in total and half of them are separate like outside from- outside of the project , so we need people outside of the project to- to help us . then- this is- this is from karlsruhe . in- planned patent application no co-owner will grant any licence to a third party before the first filing of a patent . that seems reasonable . so this is exactly what i say , i plan to accept all these edits by anonymous from the 6th . and this is- -all parties committed to dissemination , fair distribution of opportunities to publish , the copyright , . it's- it 's all seems like just refining what is natural . so there is some change - the objecting party publication delay of not more than 60 days , uh , okay . do you have any opinion on the delay ? so all this is act 5. dissemination of own results- it 's own dissemination , an objection is justified if the production- during the project for a period of a 1 year after- the dissemination of own results by one or several parties , shall be governed by procedure of the grant agreement , which is that you 'll have to notify and that is also which we are- like softening . prior notice shall be given at least 45 calendar days before the publication- this is , i thought that this was- this was resolved . well , let 's not look at- at it now , for the sake of our plan . but everybody , please , check this . here we are deliberately on the soft- soft grounds of- we can ( allow ) - there is this- dissemination results , yeah , we have this 11 . 9 , where we reduce the- the requirement to notify everybody for the five days before pub- publishing , that they want publish , and we reduce this if everybody 's totally sure that no one is patenting things . so , then this is related to this 7.- where was that- this is related to- it 's 8 , sorry , the dissemination , 8.4\\ . or 8.5 and this is where people file objections against the publication that has been made . so and then what- what karlsruhe is changing is they 're changing the- the number of days until one people can complain . well , so , simply let 's try to avoid these conflicts altogether . if you are publishing something and you are- and that- you have some concern then- that everybody would like to ( patent ) it , please , talk to them before you publish . and also , if you are planning to ( patent ) something , please , indicate that everybody should ask before they 're publishing anything related , so that we avoid these- these problems . and hopefully if we do- if you all follow these- these like sensible procedures and- and- and take these precautions , hopefully , there will be no difference in in 90 or 60 days of- of filing an objection altogether . so i 'm probably fine with accepting these edits as well . but , please , everybody have a look at that if- if you find some other problems . yeah . so , there is again- -continuous investigation concerning possible third parties rights are not expected . yeah , that 's true . access rights for internal research and educational issues should be granted for- yeah , yeah . subject to a separate written agreement- yeah , access rights , yeah . so this is also related to what sao has . so we have agreed and will come to that in- shortly- what we get to the- to the partially participating parties in the project , but this is- this is also the same situation where the regular partners are in . if- if you want to use , other party 's results for the exploitation of your own results- so for example , if i 'm- if i 'm starting to sell uh my machine translation system and i link it , with the- with the- speech recognition from karlsruhe , i need- first it will be done on fair and reasonable conditions and second , i need to have a separate written agreement with karlsruhe so that they allow me to use their system . this is natural and it 's it 's like it- it is- it is not for the project purposes , it 's it 's outside of the project purposes , it 's for some additional exploitation of my own results . so , just make sure that to to follow this and i think i'm- i 'm happy to accept this proposal by karlsruhe . yeah . let's- let 's move on and we will get to the- yeah , we're- we 're there . so this is the access rights for affiliated entities , originally it was access rights for affiliated entities in one section 9.5 , now it 's two sections 9.5.- 9.5.1 which is the unchanged original wording and it has a fair and reasonable conditions during the project as well as after the project . and here for partia- partially participating entities , that 's 9.5.2 , that 's a second copy of that paragraph , and it is- it is written just for sao , essentially , so sao is listed down there and in- in the attachment . and it says that the partially participating entities should be granted upon written bilateral agreement , royalty free access to the results of the project during the project lifetime and on fairly reasonable conditions after the end of the project . so i 'm highlighting this is `` upon written bilateral agreement '' , i 've tried to get rid of this additional layer of- of like a paperwork , but i think it's- in the end , it would be more complicated than- than i thought it it could be . and in the end i believe it is- it is sensible to have like a written report of what we are giving to sao for the various tests and would be various situations , well , when they 'll test our elitr results . so it should be- we will try to make this process very simple , as simple as possible , but still for every occasion where sao will need some of our results we will have a written note on that that everybody will- will sign and confirm . and and hopefully the- the first note , the first agreement , will be so general that it will work for most of the situations , and the- the later refinements of this if some other tools or new versions of the tools will be developed , like substantially new and not only retrain models , then another bill threat , we ( ment ) , will be- will be covered that . so , well . we do n't have the forms for this , like the `` template '' of the agreement prepared yet , we 'll prepare it later on as- as the project runs , but , essentially it will be ( man ) bilateral agreements between sao and all the- all the contributing parties from the project signing maybe the same document and this will be the- the formal written thing . so just keep this- keep this in mind that we need some- -seems like a full stop , so i'll- change the full stop . no , it is not a full stop , it is a space . i do n't think , it 's strange- ok . so this is just the little word of warning that there will be some paperwork associated with sao getting our results , but we 'll try to keep this minimal . ok . and if i 'm not mistaken , there- there wo n't be any other changes like bigger ones . again this is- this is the refinements by karlsruhe . so please everybody go through them . they should be innocent . this- i have no idea what this means . but again , it's- it 's what ( works ) for karlsruhe in their past consortium agreements , so there is- it is probably based on- on experience that- and we are now at the section of signatures . so we see our template , edinburgh has not filled who will be signing this and then karlsruhe has not filled who will be signing this , we know from from pervoice , that 's great . we do n't know uhm from alphatraining and that 's it because there is no- there is no signature from sao here . here is the background so , please , review the background again , but it's- it should be completed . and maybe this is the thing that , that alphaview might like to- to like discuss with the lawyers again . yeah . so , please , propose changes to this document and let us know . and please do it very quickly , because i would really like to- to close the- the content of the consortium agreement . and- and as you see here is the standard form if- if we are adding one more party which we are planning , simplified transfer- this is something standard in the agreement . i do n't really know , what it is for . there i- there are no identified affiliated entities according to 5.1. but there is identified partially participating entities , according to 9.5.2\\ . and that's the supreme audit office . so that's- that 's it . so i know that karlsruhe is happy with the kind wording as it is proposed . i hope that everybody who has survived this- this ( ? ? ) browsing is happy too . if you want to , please , have your lawyers look at- at the little changes by karlsruhe , again . but i do n't think , that you will find anything problematic . and please enter the name of the person who will be signing this , and we should get to the signing very soon . it- it is christmas , so as a christmas gift having the consortium agreement signed by everyone would be- it would be a great thing . ok , any comments ? no . if not , then- so there- then there are few more items in the agenda and they are not to critical anymore , but let me quickly go over them . so as you know , we are running the pre-dry run for our technology at the students firms fair . this is something that we are organising , and- with the help of karlsruhe and and pervoice with their technologies . karlsruhe is even considering to come for the march event . it 's the high school students , they 'll be presenting in english and czech , and we would like to test the subtitling technology in like life , and to see , what all problems there will be . so far uhm we have not talked to edinburgh in detail about this and we do n't think they will need edinburgh ; help for for this event to happen , but if edinburgh would like to join this- this pre-dry run then , please , let us know what you would like you to do what you would like to test at this- at this event . for me , the main reason is to test what quality of czech asr we will be able to develop until march with the tools that are already out there and with the data that we 'll we 'll collect . and also to see what the integration platform looks like and wha-t what all the rough- rough edges could be . yeah . so for- i do not think that edinburgh needs to test anything on- on their own , because there are already linked with- with the pervoice platform , we are not , so that 's why we need this . the only thing that i like urgently need , but karlsruhe is- is not here , so maybe edinburgh could- could provide me with the details instead , is the pointers to the toolkits that are used to train asr models , because we need to- to build an asr model for czech . and also we need the integration , so that 's one more thing . details on the protocol with the pervoice platform to link czech mt to pervoice platform . yeah . so dario . if you could send me the details of what should we- what should our machine translation system be connecting to , please do so as soon as possible . i have the student to work on this , but he 's also new to the various other things . so the sooner he- he knows , what- what he needs the- the better . ( da ) hi , i was due the- the information- ( ob ) yeah , yeah . ( da ) say , hopefully , by the end of this week . ( ob ) yeah . ( da ) ok ? ( ob ) yeah , yeah , ok , thank you . and if edinburgh knows what karlsruhe uses or what is a good toolkit for new network speech recognition , please let me know as well . so i know that karlsruhe has the- has released their slt . kit toolkit . and that- that uses various things , and- but they mentioned that it 's not good for the online speech translation . so maybe if- if you use something better , please let us know . so , so far , we are uhm just looking at this- alright then . so far , cuni is- ( da ) i fairly do n't know , what karlsruhe is using right now . ( ob ) and what you are using ? ( da ) for speech recognition ( carlisle ) , ( that 's momentary- ) ( ob ) ok , but ( carlisle ) is not ( new ) , so , yeah , do you use something else ? ( da ) i think- well , ( ocassionally- ) ( we 've had discussions in if that for project , that 's training speech recognition systems carlisle is a lot more complicated training nt system ) . so the speech grou here don't- i know really , they do n't really - ( ob ) yeah . ( da ) requireable systems . ( da ) - i do n't think , ( ? ? ) use your network for this , it's- it 's adaptable software , that 's all i know . but we- we- we do n't really know , ( ob ) ok , yeah . so . ( da ) we used to build these systems , but we do n't know what- what karlsruhe uses . ( ob ) so- so we have to- we have to get this information from karlsruhe , okay ? yeah . thank you . so then the other point is the first workshop like the real dry run , not the pre-dry run . the workshop in year one will take place on the premises of supreme audit office here in prague and it would be at the end of june . so this- there will be about twenty participants from eight countries , and this will be very similar to what i have seen what they had already done with the trask company in november . the language of the workshop is english . so they actually do not need us and that 's good . but we want to translate it into many languages . so as soon as the project starts we 'll discuss how to handle this . who would be like- who would like to come for the event if- if the that is needed . it will be our second try already , so hopefully the the critical problems will be already resolved there on march in the pre-dry run set-up . so the- the thing- this is- this is to be discuss , but i think , that we should focus on designing the mixing of materials and subtitles in the selected language , or s- or on some other way of reducing the cognitive load for the participants . so the- the main observation , aside from all the technical refinements , that- that sao has already made in november , was that it is impossible to follow the slides on the overhead projector and look at the translated subtitles in your selected language on your cell phone . so , this mixing of materials and subtitles is- is something that we need to like design the user interface for . so , this is for maybe- maybe pervoice to think if- if their publication platform can also support some like presenting of slides , or , copying of screens from the ov- the main overhead projector , so that it mixes at the users device , or what are the options . with this is- this is totally open . we are not obliged to do this in any particular way . we should- we should just make the experience for the participants good . so this is as- as i mentioned- this is what what trask has already tested . okay . and then there are already some details on the main event , the eurosai congress . so i asked tea- tereza if- if she could create the google calendar for elitr events in general , and enter all the details- ( f ) hello ? ( ob ) yeah , yeah . ( f ) you froze again , at least for me , not sure how ( ? ? ) - ( ob ) okay . ( da ) we have lost you . ( ob ) yeah , ok . so , is it better now ? ( f ) yes . ( ob ) yeah , i , hope it is , so , so- ( da ) yes ( ob ) so , yeah . so i was just saying that we know the details for the congress from supreme audit office already . it's- the congress will take place at the end of may and early june in 2020 . and the plenary meetings will be held in the new building of the national museum , which is the old building of- of the parliament of the communist era and it was also the radio free europe , radio liberty building after the velvet revolution shortly . and the workshops will be not far from that , but still , it 's like one- one tram stop from- from there , at- at the university of economics , in their new building . there will be fifty countries represented up to two hundred and fifty participants . the program is divided so that on one day they are in the museum building , on a day two they are in the- in the workshop building , and there could be up to twelve- and very likely ten simultaneously running workshops , and each workshops had a topic , and we could have- and we should have one to- one topic- one workshop on next language processing and machine translation services . so we still have plenty of time to prepare this , but we should keep that in mind . and each workshop will have two copies or instances , one taking place in the morning and one in the afternoon , so that people could attend- so that people could avoid conflicts in- in the workshops and more people would learn to what- what the workshop offers . and then there will be two more days plenary in the museum building . so , there will be some input in advance . so hopefully sao will- will be successful in collecting slides and notes from the speakers , at least a week in advance , or- or maybe more . and sao reminded me that this is different style of presentations from the presentations that we know from our conferences . this is- usually these presentations are written by someone else and not the main person , who is presenting officially . so actually 80 percent of the delivered speech is directly from the notes . and this is- this is good for us . so we should think about ways of making use of these materials . and we should have our pipeline ready to be able to integrate this like on the spot additional input . so , i know that , i am planning something for the year 2020 , but remember , these goals in the research that you are going to do in the- in the coming months of elitr- so that we can then just find the solutions easily , when we need them . and sao want 's to have some- some fallback solutions , because the quality of the translation has to be excellent . so they will- they- they now confirmed , that there will be regular interpreters for major languages , and we principally could use them as re-speakers . there will be five booths and five interpreters running all the time for the plenary session . and all the participants should get all the slides translated in advance to browse them if everything else fails . so if if there is like a total failure of- of wi-fi , of- of everything of , well , electricity has to be there . but if anything beyond electricity is- is broken , then they should be at least able to browse the translated slides . it is yet to be discussed , even at sao internally , if these translations of the slides and materials are expected to post-edit or not . and for us , within elitr we do n't have the- like a strict obligation to do the service , but we are doing the documenteral translation , so it could be nice test case for us . and if it is nice test case for us , then we 'll have to find someone who will handle the the file formats . so in the worst case- this is what we have discussed with ricco when we were already writing the proposal- so in the worst case i think that we can like live with some pptx and and docx file formats which is generally xml . and if they are not to ugly we can replace the strings with a ( edel tex ) with the ( eximal tex ) . so as a- as a fallback solution , we can handle it . but if- if you had someone who 'll be more interested in the handling formats and who would have the processors ready that would be very useful . edinburgh could have links to the mat- to the made capture project and that- that is realy well supported in terms of formats as- as i 've seen . so maybe that would be one option . another option would be that we somehow split this with trask . so my way of thinking about trask is that they could handle the file formats for- for sao . and we could feed it- we- we could support it with our machine translation engines . but i have not- so far i have- i have suggested this to trask , but i was not really successful at persuading them to- to do the file formats processing . ok . so these are other notes . i do n't know if you have any other comments to this or not . yeah . and then- ( da ) ( ob ) yeah . ( da ) -have any access to file format conversion to use right now . so it would be great if trask take that for us . yeah , yeah , yeah . so let's- let 's keep that in mind . let 's keep convincing them when we see them around our kick-off meeting . i 'll keep that in mind , i 'll do that regularly . i 'll also like seek for students , who could to do this , and i 'll also check if anything on the file formats is available as open source from the madecat . i understand , that you are not familiar with- that is- with the internals of madecat . so , if you happen to- to get that information , please let me know , that would save my time . yeah , okay . the last thing that is on us only for this- for this museum building . there should be an elitr booth somewhere in the- in the lobby or in the corridors , so this is- this is something , that we 'll have to prepare like ( draw ) . there is plenty of time for this . and the the conflict that should be discussed is that trask also wants to try the congress . so one possible division is along the days . so some of the days could be covered by the trask technology and some could be covered by the elitr technology . and if we do n't come up with any better solution or better integration of these two services then this is probably sensible way to go . so keep thinking about this and we can discuss this for the first time when we talk to trask in- in person . and we still have plenty of time , before the actual congress comes so all the- all the tools will develop until then and- and- and we 'll see . 54:35 okay . so this was this was everything from my side . i hope that i have not forgotten- forgotten ever- anything . and i am curious , if you have any other comments from your sides . well , if- if not , then it 's excellent planning , it was one hour exactly , it was not meant to be so . but it we just ended up like that . please , let me know as soon as possible , if there anything that you do n't like about the current consortium agreement . and if i do n't hear from you , we 'll finalise it by the end of this week , so that we have the last week before christmas break to do the signing , then . so , if possible , finalise the consortio- your opinion on the consortium agreement early this week and let us- let us finalise it for everyone at the end of this week . so that 's it . so if there are no product comments , no questions . we are here for you , and thank you very much . and i 'm not sure , if we 'll make another call . so if we do n't speak to each other in- in person before christmas , then have a good celebration and peaceful time toward the end of the year , but we 'll be surely ( ? ? ) that by- by email , and- and hopefully by also with- with these signatures , and- and all the things ( ? ? ) . okay , thank you . ( te ) okay , thank you . ( ob ) happy christmas and , yeah , thank you . and bye- bye . ( te ) wish you the same . and bye . bye . ( da ) ok , bye .", "tgt": "kick-off meeting ( 15th january ) . should they meet in person with the trask company \u2013 the date this meeting will be around kick-off meeting 15th january . performance of who is trask company , their projects , potencial , business partner . sao is okay with person meeting with trask . web \u2013 what type font they should use ; tereza still have n't received the logos from pervoice and alphaview and the link for their website . e-mail address for the public is existing . elitr logo \u2013 if anybody will have no comments , they will start using this logo . building dissemination kit . grant agreements signing . alphaview still haven \u2019 t sign it ( armin promised to sign it afternoon ) . consortium agreement \u2013 should have it within december . bilateral agreement . sao will have royalty-free access to the results of project , sao will be the test partner . project ethics committee \u2013 think about people for this . access rights for affiliated entities . everybody propose changes to document and let know quickly . pre-dry run for their technology at the students firms fair . ond\u0159ej need to build an asr model for czech . workshop at the end of june in prague \u2013 they want to translate it into many languages- will be discuss how . eurosai congress - end of may and early june in 2020 . an elitr booth somewhere on the congress . trask wants to try the congress . everybody let ond\u0159ej know if there anything that do n't like about the current consortium agreement ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello , hi ivan . no . ( ? ? ) meetings . ( ? ? another language ? ? ) hi . hi felix . yeah so , can you hear me ? can you hear me ? ( b ) yes . ok . and dominik is also connecting . that \u2019 s great . okay . and phil and dominic so you are on the same machine with sangeet or on a separate machine ? ( d ) sangeet is next to me , can you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , we can hear you . ( d ) sangeet need voice picker . do you have it there ondrej . ( o ) ( ? ? another language ? ? ) ( d ) yes okay . sangeet can you go to ondrej and . ( o ) yeah . ( d ) so he 's going . ( o ) yeah . so we are now in in a second , i need to hand this over to to sangeet our new colleague . who will be working on elit and as soon as sangeet connects you will also see him in in like in the picture at least . so since dominik is starting his phd studies i would like to relieve some of the like technical duties of dominik . and that is why we were lucky to get sangeet sagar , so in a second , he will join . and for the dry run in liberec , this will be the first opportunity for sangeet to get and get acquainted with everything . but from now on i would like sangeet to be like the most responsible person to be like supervising the whole system as dominik was has been doing so far . so that \u2019 s the an introduction of of new person . and then for this call , i would like dominik to lead the call , and you know that the live event is happening in week and a day from now . so we have just a seven times 24 hours for any preparations . so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s very limited time , an during that time would like , uh , some like dry run to happen . maybe thursday , or friday . this is up to you to decide . and i would also like primarily sangeet but with the help of all of you to scrutinize the bugs or limitations that we know . and that we have recorded in in our google document from the last session . i don \u2019 t like any . any of the bugs any of these bugs will be resolved or fix by next week . but we need to to like remind ourselves of them , and uh , work on fixing them at least , by designing test cases that that that reproduce the bugs . yeah , so this is slightly the very overview picture . if you are looking , at the at the agenda for the call today , reminder of the coordinates it \u2019 s in liberec next wednesday . is anyone interested in coming to liberec or not , i expect i don \u2019 t expect anyone , but i have to ask . yeah . and the setup is there english and respoken english . and we should be quickly able to . we should be able to quickly switch between the two . so this this us for me . this is the main challenge for uh , for this event . i would like to have the setup to be flexible enough so that we can easily uh , change the source language . i 'm less interested in in . well , it \u2019 s also something that we are testing . but uh , that is not the main target for me now . the language is that we are covering . so i expected that we will launch all the systems that we have . if there is some languages that we don \u2019 t have . then well , we will not ham- n- n- not have them in the subtitles , that \u2019 s that \u2019 s okay , um . but we should set up . we should test the the full setup as much as as many languages as we can . still the main thing to should be the switching between the different sources as one of the english streams would be better or worse . so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s my my goal for that , uh , as i said please pick test run session . i would suggest for thursday or friday . ( f ) this is not good for us . ( o ) okay , so what day . ( f ) thursday is national holiday in germany and . in friday off . ( o ) okay , so tomorrow . ( f ) it has to happen this week then tomorrow is the only day . ( o ) okay . yeah . so what what are your options . so wednesday , at what time what would be the the best timing . so dominik when are you available ? i 'm . i 'm seeing a doctor with one of my kids . so i 'm not available in the morning , at all , but i don \u2019 t have to be there . ( d ) in the afternoon . ( o ) yeah so what time . ( d ) can you hear me ? ( o ) yes yes , we can hear you . ( d ) so in the afternoon ? let \u2019 s say at one . ( o ) so would that be okay for everybody . ( d ) it would be good if everybody will be available on slack , i think that we don \u2019 t need live calls very long . ( f ) wednesday afternoon is okay for me . ( d ) yeah great . ( mi ) fine , so i badly i didn \u2019 t get any before this so . ( o ) yeah so , we have only agreed on the test run which will happen tomorrow in the afternoon and everybody . yeah ? ( b ) do you need people from edinburgh i don \u2019 t i think i 'm gon na have trouble joining tomorrow . ( o ) so we need the systems running . and we need response if the systems are not running as expected . ( b ) right right . ( o ) so i dunno if phil can . ( p ) i can start the systems today . i 'll be able to check slack some with the ( ? ? ) if we are starting at 12 . uk time tomorrow , i can check for maybe a couple of hours . ( o ) yeah . okay so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s it \u2019 s an acceptable time . that that \u2019 s good . okay , and then . yup . - ( i ) we as pervoice we are ( ? ? ) lunch at 1 so we would probably back at one , one and a half . you know one thirty or two . ( o ) yeah yeah . but essentially everything is running from your point of view , so there is no no involvement should be necessary . ( i ) exactly yes . yeah everything is just still running . ( o ) yeah . ( i ) it will be running . ( o ) yeah , one important question is not for the test session but mainly for deliberate session know , whether it is different workers and different mediator . from the alfaview . because we don \u2019 t want to the alfaview sess- the alfaview session to im- to suddenly interrupt the live event in liberec . this is something which is critical . so is it different setup ? or the same setup . ( i ) the mediator is actually the same uhm . we can setup a second one if if you want . we . we 'll have to see , if we do all workers will will have to register to the second mediator so . ( o ) um hum . but then the the benefit of having a separate mediator is that we clearly see which workers are available where . and if overall one of the sides is short of resources well then , we have to like somehow compromise the the like scale down the setup . but it the clear the two setups are clearly separate . so it can not happen that suddenly the alfaview setup would would break and and steal workers from the liberec setup . so this is something which i would prefer . i dunno what what everybody else thinks . yeah so i , yeah . everybody is quiet so i suggest that we indeed should use different mediator right ? ( d ) okay . ( o ) yeah . ( mi ) testing echo , it works . ( o ) what . yeah yeah milos we heard you what yeah . mediator . the question is whether the test session should already run with the new mediator . and i would suggest it should . so . ( i ) ah so okay , we . okay we already have we have a different , separate ( ? ? ) i dunno if we can use that . alternatively we can add a second instance ( ? ? ) machine . ( o ) um-hum . ( i ) and use a different set of ports , so the switch should be extremely fast . i don \u2019 t think i think one mediator to our machine will impact performance . ( o ) um-hum yeah . ( i ) and so yeah , i just need a quick meeting as a pervoice and then we can set this up . and we we we select ( ? ? ) ports we have . and share them with everyone . ( o ) yep , thank you . so this is this is a message for everybody then . when you are preparing the workers , the details of the mediator will be available here in this google document , where i just asked ivan to enter the details . ( f ) which google document is that ? ( o ) elitr okay that \u2019 s important . so you don \u2019 t have the link , do you have the link for the remote for for the review yeah . the the document that we are looking in the morning at . so i 'm just pasting the link there sorry that was the wrong place where i pasted it . technical call . this is the correct place . so here yeah . that \u2019 s . and to make things clear this elitr second dry run liberec is our only document that we will use for the for the liberec session . so every all the questions all the preparations all the setup for liberec will will be only in this single document . yeah so . let \u2019 s now very quickly go over the languages . because phil probably remembers by hard which target languages his models support . do you phil ? ( p ) okay so we definitely have hungarian , german . ( o ) yeah so . ( p ) i think polish um . ( o ) so hungarian , ( ? ? ) impossible to read it . i 'll make dark or no no no ( ? ? ) highlight green . so hungarian , german , polish . ( p ) yeah um , spanish . and . i think that \u2019 s it . we may have um , we may have the other languages but just um , we don \u2019 t ( ? ? ) translation system . ( o ) yep , so please . so i 'll just mark this as updated . so . yeah so phil once you . i 've asked you in the document to to highlight the languages that you can support . this may be important for pervoice so that they know what languages should be in the subtitling platform . and there is also one thing which is not discussed here yet , and that \u2019 s the subtit- sorry the streaming of slides . slides streaming setup . and this is something that milos and dario put together in prague during the the vg vat session . and essentially , we don \u2019 t know how to reproduce it or i dunno how to reproduce it . so milos are you here ? i 'm not sure if milos is listening , he seems to be present on the call but . okay yeah , so the question is whether he has dug out the scripts the the setup for recording and streaming of slides to the to the presentation platform of pervoice . ( m ) sorry what ? streams sorry slides whenever stream through the mediator , they they were streamed directly . ( o ) okay well , yeah , so i didn \u2019 t know . for me it appeared as as yeah as in the presentation platform , so milos , are you going to take care of this in liberec yourself again or . should someone else be working . ( m ) i asked my colleagues to prepare all the computers in the room and well i have to tomorrow and friday to do it so . yeah hopefully . ( o ) okay , yeah . and this is not related to any of our tests , so this is to be tested only in liberec right ? like yeah . internal you will test it at ( ? ? ) at sao premises tomorrow or on friday or but then this will be tested only in . ( m ) ( ? ? ) small problem , pervoice to change the url which the media is taken but that should be . ( o ) um hum , yeah . ( i ) yeah exactly should be a it it is just one parameter on the presentation platform . ( o ) okay yeah , so at this point i will probably like leave the call myself , but dominik will be still be here right dominik ? is your connection stable now ? and i would like everybody to walk through the list of critical observations and that \u2019 s that \u2019 s what we have here further down in the document . one of the the critical observations is this question by barry and for each of the problems that we had in the past please discuss whether we are running into the problem again . whether we have a test case for this so like test unit test for that so that we can reproduce the problem . and whether there is any chance to to fix it and how critical the problem is for for the overall setup . so as i said i 'm not expecting these problems to be resolve for the liberec event . but i expect them to be fully resolved in some way for the eurosai congress , so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s what we are aiming at . liberec is for us , there will be live people live people but they don \u2019 t need us at all , again its only our our test case . the eurosai congress is the reverse , we will be kind of needed there , yeah . ( b ) and since the ( ? ? ) test case are we are we sure we gon na gather all the data . that we need or that we can gather . ( o ) so what what data you mean ? ( b ) yeah , i suppose basically all the audio , can we gather the can we keep the audio . ( o ) this is something that sao will again have to decide in the retrospect . but we will be recording it , so that \u2019 s something that we normally run dominik will make sure that the recording is is happening . ( b ) ( ? ? ) i guess basically the audio and then all the outputs ( ? ? ) components along the pipeline . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) segmentation the mt and so on . i don \u2019 t i 'm not really sure how i mean we can we can record sounds of the mt but . yeah , i 'm not sure how well we 'll setup to to capture all of that . it is hard to say at the moment ( ? ? ) will be useful but . you know as much ( ? ? ) we can capture and then if we have to do some hacking and processing to gather data ( ? ? ) that \u2019 s okay but . ( o ) yeah , so we have collected our logs from the vg vat session but i 'm not sure if dominik ever had time to like organize them . do- dominik what is the yeah yeah exactly . so we have them somewhere so . i think it \u2019 s important to to have like clean collection of things that are repeatedly usable and that will be whatever tests or or test sets we we create from that . so this is we are definitely going to record the audio , because this can become a basis of of a test set . the logs are useful like for immediate debugging but later on its better to always work with the live instance and debug the your actual current code . so we need what we need is is the input and maybe kind of expected outputs . so that we can run cruise control over the whole setup in in some way . so i 'm your question was probably aiming at like the the interaction between the asr and machine translation . and also the the final presentation of the subtitles because we had the flickering effect , dominik remembers . so there is there is many things that that will go wrong because of the components are not exactly like well well seem together . ( b ) ( ? ? ) audio then we could we could even just replay parts of the conference , and replays since what happens . ( o ) yes yes yes yes . so we can do this already with the with the recordings that we internally have for for from the vg vat . ( b ) yeah yeah . ( o ) so this actually this liberec event comes for us a little bit too early , like its but its that \u2019 s life . so let \u2019 s let \u2019 s just make use of this gather some new problems observe whatever still wrong . and then we 'll keep working with just the recorded audio over the coming months to to polish the the pipeline . ( b ) um-hum . ( o ) okay , so if there are no questions on me then i 'll i 'll disappear and please go over the over the problems and discuss how important they were and and how to best resolve them and all that . ( i ) yes yes , i have a question for you ondrej . dario asked me if if can have an official recap . by you instead of i be i have been taking notes , but it would be nice to have an you know an official minuting let \u2019 s say . a recap by mail from you so . ( o ) from from um . yeah and and he mented specifically for this call or all calls or whatever . ( i ) actually he was ( ? ? ) this ( ? ? ) call . so . ( o ) this morning call okay that \u2019 s important yes . so i 'll i 'll make sure that we we like let everybody know when the document google document is up to date with all the request . and it it should appear yes you writed it make sense to to have it also like separate outside of the google document as a fixed thing in your email . ( i ) yeah thank you . ( o ) yeah . okay , thanks and i 'll then ask dominik how far you 've got , and i 'll see that also in the google doc . yeah so thanks to all . ( d ) hi , so i 'm going to share the screen . and we are all can go to . can you can you see my screen ? i ca n't think so . can you hear me ? ( b ) yes , you 're back . ( d ) yes , i 'm . sorry . hello again . ( i ) hi . ( d ) hello . it works . ( b ) k. ( i ) we can see the screen now . ( d ) yeah , so . first was the question from radek , ( ? ? ) asr fixed . so can you ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah so when we look to the logs um that we got from ( ? ? ) meeting . the incremental asr wasn \u2019 t working as it was described by kit . and the updates weren \u2019 t looking different ( ? ? ) in the description by kit . and the timestamps were missing , so there was no way for us to tell the difference between stable text and unstable text . so stable stable text would be never be revised on unstable text can be revised . but without the timestamps we can \u2019 t tell this . now i did some testing and spoke to felix about this and did some testing with the text client , and everything works fine but the text client . and felix wasn \u2019 t really sure what the difference was and the setup so . yeah . ( f ) my own experiments with the asr output including the incremental one , the timestamps are there . ( b ) yeah yeah . ( f ) they are there , you should not be relying on the timestamps of the entire package . if i if you request unsegmented text you get the get that output and something called a token . and boundaries of the whole ( ? ? ) will just be ( ? ? ) with the first token and the end of the last token . um ( ? ? ) on on the level of individual tokens . and sometimes the start and end times don \u2019 t match exactly . so i had basically good success but . doing the different matching it \u2019 s just a. you receive a token again that overlaps the token you already have . then that \u2019 s where the resending starts , i suppose . and everything . ( b ) see see i actually have some matches ( ? ? ) the text . in order to . sorry . ( f ) no . there are timestamps they are timestamps for each token . ( b ) okay it \u2019 s just we didn \u2019 t get them in the wg session . ( f ) you usually have to you you have to modify the client output them . they are in the packages . ( b ) right , but they weren \u2019 t there in the in the and the the . it wasn \u2019 t just the timestamps were missing it was the updates i mean we looked at the logs and the updates . did not work as . as described , they i i think i 've i can \u2019 t remember the details i mean i wrote an email about it . and then we looked to them , the text client everything were absolutely fine as described . that \u2019 s , you its . so . so i was a bit confused . ( f ) as a worker ( ? ? ) you can request the same language that is spoken by this text and you will get ( ? ? ) with the segmentation . so the punctuation with the capitalization and and with the protocol with the text client . and yes . ( b ) about they way . i think we are requesting text yeah cuz i don \u2019 t think we don \u2019 t really want unsegmented text . ( f ) if you are requesting text then there is absolutely no difference with the . ( b ) okay , but it was different . i mean we looked to the logs and it was different so that was that was the question , i don \u2019 t read the . we cant really explain the difference . cuz we haven \u2019 t had a dry run since then we don \u2019 t really know how to how to debug this . ( f ) you can you can always ( ? ? ) the client and just send an audio file . ( b ) yeah but that works that works fine . it did not work in the dry run . that that was the puzzle . ( f ) really be no difference then . ( b ) yeah but there is a difference . ( f ) there is not difference for the client between ( ? ? ) audio file and receiving ( ? ? ) stream . ( b ) yeah , its not there is this one thing that i haven \u2019 t fully investigated . there \u2019 s and argument that you can supply to the text client think something like microsoft and like that . ( f ) there is a real time mode and if you send ( ? ? ) i would recommend you that you use that . ( b ) real time mode doesn \u2019 t work . ( f ) and and that that t- t- the asr workers don \u2019 t like that . with the real time mode though , the client will send the audio file one second per second . ( b ) so w- which mode ( ? ? ) in the dry run ? ( f ) in the dry run it would be live audio so obviously real time . ( b ) yeah so maybe its the maybe there \u2019 s a problem with the real time mode . ok yeah . i i i don \u2019 t . yeah . ( d ) one important thing is that i i use two clients , one for one instance of the client , can you hear me ? ( b ) yeah yeah . ( d ) one process was was audio client and here is unsegmented text . and another client or anot- and and it sent it through pipe . to text client and it didn \u2019 t send any any timestamps to second client . so the timestamp . ( f ) use case . i can not use that . if you want translated text then request translator text . ( d ) yes of course , but but we don \u2019 t use audio into translated text . but but audio into unsegmented text and another another client worker for unsegmented to segmented . ( f ) why . ( d ) why ? because this was , this way we don \u2019 t need so many asr workers . we need translations into many languages at once and we used only one . ( f ) multiple fingerprints with the client and multiple output fingerprints , you can you can do that without running multiple clients . ( d ) but it didn \u2019 t work . for for us . it was . ( f ) modify the client and add it that code but you supply one ( ? ? ) and you can request english , german , french , italian , spanish . all at once and you will receive all of those messages . ( d ) this setup employs several asr workers at at once even ( ? ? ) they were identical . so we . i checked it on i we tried this and it used many asr workers so we switched . can you hear me am i there ? some network connection error . really ? confused . so barry i think that if if you need fingerprints in mt you should you should measure the times when you receive the messages . and they will match or is why you get the fingerprints right now . ( b ) so we have to ( ? ? ) on timestamps . ( d ) yes . ( b ) and and i 'm not really sure how that \u2019 s gon na work . but . but the problem is we need . because i mean when i i run the text client its really clear from the logs you know i can see the asr output coming in . and when the timestamp ( ? ? ) code written that can detect i can tell a difference between stable and unstable text . if i look at the logs from the wg i can tell very strange things happening , i 'm trying to find an email that i wrote . yeah . the text the text updates have non monotonic start time . so sometime the start time decreases . i 'm not , well this i can tell from looking at the text , cuz we have no timestamps . but you know sometimes it , its sort of transmits yeah , and this is not a specified . so it transmits ( ? ? ) and then the next update might sort of roll back the start and translates . transmits some earlier text . but i don \u2019 t see this in the text client i just see this in the logs from the session . i don \u2019 t really know we weren \u2019 t monitoring detail what was going on in the session i dunno ( ? ? ) . but i was just . ( ? ? ) maybe we just look and see what happens this time . maybe its ( ? ? ) i 'm not really sure . ( d ) yes . so ( ? ? ) new meeting , its important for sangeet . so monitor of all sound channels , the monitor is there but its only on the laptop which is sending the audio , do you think its important for everyone ? to have access to to the incoming audio ? to and everyone who is abroad . who is remotely . remote . ( b ) you mean you meant live monitoring or or just recording . ( d ) ( ? ? ) . any comments ? if not then then we edit to the list with with very low priority . cuz obviously could be interesting but not very important , cuz sometimes i i. i inputted different language than expected so . so there was german asr with with czech speech . so obviously it was very very bad subtitles . yeah , so another point . can we somehow ( ? ? ) in the platform . ( ? ? ) . web browser to su- , there is simply so many updates ( ? ? ) . so there is some long discussion . ( b ) i mean one thing yeah i think . the presentation layer isn \u2019 t isn \u2019 t ideal ( ? ? ) sort of refreshes subtitles and so on . its a bit difficult to describe but can we capture some video of the presentation layer ? so that we can actually kind of . you know replay it as an actually you know cuz we , i think people have written down ( ? ? ) . what happened to the presentation layer as they were watching it . ( ? ? ) slightly different memories . um ( ? ? ) , what to be mean . if we just had to ( ? ? ) capture screen grab video , not the whole thing . the whole thing just isn \u2019 t really necessary , but for some part of that i think it might be easier to to discuss afterwards . ( d ) yes there is . yeah . i think we can manage it if we have . ( m ) then it should be possible to capture it and archive it . will do it . ( b ) someway to ( ? ? ) figure out . ( ? ? ) things look like , i dunno if it ( ? ? ) screen grab . ( d ) yes this is the ( ? ? ) so we need just to don \u2019 t forget to run it . it should be pretty simple . so so solid ( ? ? ) . asr models . okay . i think this is clear but who is going to work on it . ( ? ? ) . we would we have many or maybe jonas ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) ask him . how far is the , is the test set . asr quality simple you shows ( ? ? ) . people are disturbing are always up to ( ? ? ) or subtitling . ( ? ? ) disturbance . so any wrong word is critical . any other comment and yes . lets move ( ? ? ) . they wants record ( ? ? ) to the asr to the avoid it . we need somehow handle it . any ideas or anyone who working working on this . this is some particular ( ? ? ) . and otherwise we don \u2019 t have anything . ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) final hypothesis . you seem to oscillate between ( ? ? ) hypothesis . ( ? ? ) . particular setting and processing to ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) single pipeline . ( ? ? ) . they queued ( ? ? ) . setup correctly , the new updates should have priority ( ? ? ) . ( i ) ah yes , we we are working on that on a newer version the published worker . i cant promise you that it would be right before the for the next event , but you would like most likely be ready for the the ( ? ? ) . ( d ) ( ? ? ) have not seen this at all , but now it ( ? ? ) . empty deliverance some output was number segment . yes . so this is the . this should be , or maybe . one of the reason is that empty ( ? ? ) very long segment and there is not enough space into subtitle window so . first option to fix it which would be to change the subtitling window . simi- similar to lecture translator , so it there is very long text . and you see and they either can ( ? ? ) read the whole paragraph at once . or second as . ( i ) that its that is risky because the the presentation platform is not , you know . is not enough display space to actually display a paragraph so we need to we are forced to to to to split i think ( ? ? ) . currently we have two lines of text ( ? ? ) . we are set to display up to 42 characters per line right now . it is computable but we did some test . we run a test internally and that is usually you know , what is . easily readable via dir person . so , we are right now we are configure like that . we also . we have an experimental setup which just dumps everything everything that gets sent by , everything comes to the end of the pipeline . that appear to not to do it work was . so . we um , okay , ( ? ? ) testing , okay lets say its very hard for us right now to replicate a situation that is just bad as i have been told it was during the event . so maybe . ( d ) so do you need test test case to find . ( i ) i um , yes i think if the if there are recordings of the the audio from the event . ( ? ? ) may actually be useful to to replicate the the amount of of published text we should expect . ( d ) maybe we watch the presentation from wg vat or do replay and watch . watch the subtitles and when this appears and we ( ? ? ) and to a test case for it from it . and will be possible that there will be two options to show the subtitles , one will be similar to ( ? ? ) translator so on the screen they see see the history . or of the speech and when they , they click on some button they see slides and and only one one line of text . ( i ) right now the the presentation platform you can select you can enable or disable individual languages and you may want to see or not see . ( d ) yes i know . ( i ) but for for each language you select , for each language you enable you will see its own panel with its own text . and the amount of text depends on the configuration of the publisher for that language . we can we can theoretically um um configure the publisher for each language in its own way . but we can not change it live , we would need to restart the whole worker . so all the instances . all the publishers . together . ( d ) i mean this this would be a brand new feature of of the publisher ( ? ? ) or it would need . ( i ) its not exactly new we have both alternative , one one well the oldest one which is the one set to 42characters per line . is the one which ran during the the last event don \u2019 t exactly remember when it was . but it was a two day event i remember on the second day we um um we switch to um an experiment ( ? ? ) . and the i don \u2019 t exactly recall what it was , but it seems to perform worse than the the ( ? ? ) . so we actually i think we use the for them . it ran in the morning of the second day , and then we switched back to the old one . we still have both implementations available . ( d ) what was the difference ? ( i ) um , one lets say the old one attempts to feel ( ? ? ) . so if we if two short messages are are published in very quickly . they are they are ( ? ? ) so the first and then the second one they appear on the same line . but that , lets say it we had feedback immediate feedback that was very very unpleasant to read . so we si- switched the ( ? ? ) the second implementation . which just published each piece on its own . that was apparently too fast and we also got feedback on that . that was um , just too fast to short messages to quick and they were . they were running so fast you can not read them . but then at least it was um , it was more responsive so . the other one ( ? ? ) that delays build up as the presentation run and so the delay increased increased increased until until the subtitles were ( ? ? ) . ( d ) so maybe some of the , some of the comments about about this are on the on the on the new setup . which you already sold by . ( i ) i would call it sold actually , we . but we have not been able to replicate any of the okay , we have replicated the situation its not it has not appeared to be as worse as bad as it was described . so i think we still lacking some s- s- some information is missing because we can not replicate such bad performances . ( d ) okay i mean we have some comments about and feedback maybe they reported to the situation ( ? ? ) experimental setup . of of the mediator and there were many . the updates of the subtitles were very fast so they ( ? ? ) maybe maybe it was this experiment . which was which was replaced back to this . ( m ) the word were jumping too much . it would be nice if it was somehow possible that you would scroll ( ? ? ) by lines and not have the have a single word jump left and right and yeah . i found founded that i was using too much time looking at the place where i should be actually reading . ( d ) yeah , and do you remember which day was it ? if it was second day then it was this experiment . ( m ) no i think the second day would be scrolling too much , because the message ( ? ? ) and they would just ( ? ? ) my problem was that the work was jumping left and right on the same line . when ( ? ? ) coming in . ( d ) okay . ( i ) oh think i remember . yes okay this issues was we think it was due to partial hypothesis being combined in a line instead of ( ? ? ) a line . this was supposedly fixed by the segmentation worker i think i have not . heard any update on that so i i thought that was fixed , maybe i 'm wrong but . ( d ) okay . real time display is critical in this ( ? ? ) interpreters respeakers to ( ? ? ) actually the interpreters told us that they have too many problems with catching interpreting and they don \u2019 t have time to follow our our asr . ( d ) our asr which they do not want to follow ( ? ? ) subtitles . maybe only they ask them to to do it . we ask them to ( ? ? ) interpret and you do not want to follow the subtitles ( ? ? ) understand the language ( ? ? ) speaker . ( ? ? ) ( o ) i know there was one point when he said , it would be useful . and actually real interpreters , when one is interpreting the other one usually does this for the the ( ? ? ) one that this ( ? ? ) writing down numbers . ( ? ? ) so the do not have to remember that actually , uh the inactive interpreter writes down these numbers for the other one to , uh to read . ( d ) yes , but they but they the screen are correct so they have to understand follow on their own without our our tool . she ? ? ) perhaps only the last bit of deliverance translations to the presentation ( ? ? ) at once . ( ? ? ) ( b ) i do not see why udp would make this better i think . it could be handled higher level . what it means is the ones everything to be asynchronous i suppose . ( d ) ( ? ? ) ( b ) it is not . i assume that is from from , from ( ? ? ) that is not technically feasible either . ( i ) i know it is not it . yea , it would require to do the architecture again ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ? ? ) take the first point that everything should be passed through as quickly as possible um . changing the underlying wire protocol is not going to make much difference ( ? ? ) i do not think . ( d ) ( ? ? ) he should have chance to ( ? ? ) because sometimes people suddenly ( ? ? ) . . ( ? ? ) telling you which subtitles are you seeing . you can see several like windows ( ? ? ) presentation interface , and ( ? ? ) which ( ? ? ) sending any content and it disappears . ( ? ? ) have to kill all of them . ( f ) there is actually something else about this . ( d ) yes . ( f ) stop the client by pressing control c. i believe the signal is not being caught inside the client , which means the client never sends a done ( ? ? ) . ( i ) yeah i can confirm that . ( f ) yes that \u2019 s not how it supposed to be is it . ( d ) yes . ( i ) no its not . its session should be closed properly so the the correct way to to shutdown session is to close ( ? ? ) . i dunno if the ( ? ? ) to accept to accept standard input , but if it is then control d would be the the way ( ? ? ) ( d ) okay okay . very good comment . ( f ) the eb client does not read from standard input . ( d ) no , they they ( ? ? ) . ( f ) oh it does ( ? ? ) . it shoul- its not a big i don \u2019 t think its that difficult i 'm not a c programmer but i think its not that difficult to add in the the client ( ? ? ) signal ( ? ? ) by pressing control c and then ( ? ? ) properly . ( b ) but they will be cases where the session is not shut down properly i mean . ( ? ? ) ( f ) in normal case . because i think the normal case is stopping , most people do it with control c , especially when they are sending an audio file . ( ? ? ) . ( d ) okay , this week or very very soon we should review all all my scripts and i should check this . because ( ? ? ) pipeline which tends ( ? ? ) and i pressed only one control c. and it it seemed to be stopped but later as i i saw some processes in background like . ( b ) but doesn \u2019 t the server notice that the socket is closed . ( i ) it does but it takes quite long time to to shutdown to to cut there is a ( ? ? ) that monitors the activity . the value is computable if i ( ? ? ) correctly , i 'm not sure , but its on a long timeout lets say . i wouldn \u2019 t to to , yeah sorry . ( b ) so it only notices that the socket is closed , because there is no no activity on it . ( i ) exactly yes . ( b ) okay yeah yes . yeah . ( i ) no we don \u2019 t want to ( ? ? ) because . especially well the architecture is was designed to ( ? ? ) conferences so . so i think quite a long silence from a speaker is a is actually expected from time to time . so it well , ( ? ? ) if we shorten that timeout it maybe ( ? ? ) . ( d ) okay . ( ? ? ) . czech asr anyone here ( ? ? ) czech asr . yeah i spoke with the interpreters and they said that what would have been ( ? ? ) but only the specific terms yeah . which nowadays ( ? ? ) , but . do interpreters want to not to see the whole , whole output but only some specific times . ( ? ? ) . they said that they would have done far better if they had the presentations ahead most of the , then from the translating english czech quite hard . but even the english ( ? ? ) was not that easy . ( ? ? ) unprepared . ( ? ? ) . so . to asr . ( ? ? ) from the systems asr is possible adaptation ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . are you working on on some speaker adaptation asr or . ( f ) not right now as far as i know . we used to have some some of that speaker adaptation but . end to end system . and i do have the ability ( ? ? ) hybrid system , language model adaptation . names for ( ? ? ) . could be recognized ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) . ( d ) so any and do you plan any . wait . ( ? ? ) do you plan any updates on on the quality of the asr . ( f ) yes always . ( d ) and there would be something until may until the congress . ( f ) the congress is um early next year . ( d ) no its in may next year , or ( ? ? ) . ( f ) tyson has has had to ( ? ? ) . there are definitely ( ? ? ) . but don \u2019 t know the example right here . ( d ) okay . so debugging all the subtitles until i s- shown ( ? ? ) output . anyone knows what is chopper ? its its ondrej 's script which shops haven \u2019 t . ( b ) ( ? ? ) repeated text . ( d ) ( ? ? ) and sends shorter lines than ( ? ? ) . instead of 150 ( ? ? ) it sends only 100 and the rest with the next message . its ( ? ? ) . to find ( ? ? ) current update . ( ? ? ) . lets go for one . yeah yeah . so we are back to incremental asr what we did at the beginning . yeah one one way of the timestamping is is that these the timestamps in in the text . and then when we need to make some protocol on the content from the timestamps . ( b ) seems like a bad idea . the bad idea i mean it the timestamps are coming we are getting time- timestamps into empty without having having to embed it to the text . or anything like that . um , that is just strange . but truly there is a way to send a a i mean isn \u2019 t there a way send timestamps in the protocol without actually just pasting them into the text . ( f ) the timestamps . ( b ) sorry ? ( f ) ( ? ? ) further up in the document . um , yeah two timestamps two different timestamps into text ( ? ? ) . and there is a release called ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , ( ? ? ) , stop off sad . ( f ) yes those are strings and ( ? ? ) i believe i think we make use of the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) okay , so i 'm looking at the logs and the ( ? ? ) offsets are actually empty . the start and stop did have something in them but they were bogus . ( f ) yeah but there there is the quite strange . timestamps , i know we we use them and we use them somehow but its ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ( ? ? ) to dominik yes is there is in this ( ? ? ) that \u2019 s transmitted down the between components there is a slot for the timestamp . so we shouldn \u2019 t embed it with the text . ( f ) yeah ideally there there is definitely some meta information in the packages which is ( ? ? ) not should go into the text . the text ( ? ? ) text from the segment . ( b ) exactly , yeah . i think the empty probably isn \u2019 t sending all the timestamps i have to check that . ( f ) i would be surprised if that was the case . ( p ) i think it is i think its just . ( b ) oh okay right . stand correct . ( d ) or . where we can bypass . the timestamps are necessary or they come from asr and they are necessary only in presentation , aren \u2019 t they ? ( b ) yeah i think they 're necessary ( ? ? ) components to know when you know you see two se- sections of the text with the same timestamp but ( ? ? ) you know that the asr is updated as output . yeah . and i think you do want . you do want the actual timestamps you don \u2019 t want other components having their own timestamps i don \u2019 t . ( f ) as far as i can tell from looking at the , we should be populating all of the timestamps fields ( ? ? ) . if you are requesting the text output . not ( ? ? ) um . i would have to look at the output from the client again . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) to make sure . i mean i think the the the the output of the client as it is i think its not that useful , it does show you usually zeros or empty fields or a stuff like that . because its not looking at the correct fields for the . ( i ) but no actually it ( ? ? ) not even designed to correct to propagate ( ? ? ) data , its just make a . ( f ) yeah . ( i ) just it was meant just to to see if stuff was was getting back . uh , uh well i 'm not the ( ? ? ) right now but i i remember packages are sent back to the client then its up to the the client to the same ( ? ? ) . eb client selects just the text content from the the token messages i think . ( f ) ( ? ? ) other information as well , however that information is not usually populated in the packages and so its actually always going to be i think its always a zero and one . and no matter what actually back . ( d ) yeah . ( f ) but its its a small modification to make this work . ( d ) yeah . okay , can you repeat it or write write here into summary i didn \u2019 t hear you now . ( f ) i don \u2019 t know if we need those options . because an option exists ( ? ? ) even using right now which is use the mediator protocol . we put the timestamps in the fields in the packages for the mediator where they should go . ( d ) yeah but it has to draw back that then we don \u2019 t have access to immediate result . ( ? ? ) . and empty and so on and we don \u2019 t know which component . ( f ) you always ( ? ? ) the immediate results if you request them in the client , you can request . if the same client and the same connector requests anything you will not get double connection . for example if if your client is english audio and it request unsegmented text . an english segmented text and german text . ( ? ? ) requested only once , even ( ? ? ) . all the ( ? ? ) . ( d ) lets try to any ( ? ? ) and if its not necessary then i will go for this . this is ( ? ? ) . question was that the asr ( ? ? ) than the english one despite this just a first ( ? ? ) it has ( ? ? ) most likely that ( ? ? ) like english was spoken exclusively by non native speakers . ( ? ? ) as a consortium we should collectively create a reasonable big non native english speech outputs . ( ? ? ) . select some interesting english documents and have ( ? ? ) . possible . ( ? ? ) for extremely long german sentences . ( ? ? ) for user should be wasted ( ? ? ) . so this is comment on the . the size of content that is displays to the user . that we solved for . so barry this is what the timestamp look like in the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) this is what we had from dry run and they they they 're following a very regular ( ? ? ) . ( f ) yes , which what client are you using , what is your input . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . it will be it will be the segmented text yeah . ( f ) so you are inputting text ? ( d ) yeah . ( f ) yes the inputting the text client is not supplying . ( b ) this isn \u2019 t this isn \u2019 t from the text client , this is from the mt client . ( d ) yes , i think i think . ( f ) there is no empty there is an empty worker . the client . translation , what is your input , is it text or is it audio . ( b ) i don \u2019 t think it can be audio . ( f ) because this definitely is the text i remember the text client just has these bogus offsets because the text information has no time . there is no there is no sensible of- . ( b ) okay , how do we get it then . because so it eb client it works fine . ( f ) ( ? ? ) eb client . ( b ) sorry ? ( f ) eb client ( ? ? ) transmitting audio , i can show you my log output , looks more . ( i ) if i may eb client only accepts audio as as input . ( d ) yes and then then we have also text client which accepts text . but i think . ( b ) ( ? ? ) we lose the timestamps from the asr . because when we got a text the timestamps are gone . ( d ) yeah but we should we should fix this . ( b ) yeah . i think we need them in order to know when when the text is being updated , when its transmitting from unstable to stable , otherwise we have to resort . tryna match all the text and that \u2019 s gon na be . ( f ) question if this timestamps for the text client are set in the sensible way why are you even getting partial translation . ( b ) i i don \u2019 t know . we just get what we get . ( f ) ( ? ? ) very much . ( b ) yeah . ( d ) ondrej did some distinguishing of of partial , not partial hypothesis in his chapter . and he did only on the ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah i mean , that that is kind of doable but the point is that this information is available , the asr . i mean when i use the eb client i can get this information so when i 'm using the the system . that we have set up for the dry run , the information is being lost . so it just be useful if the information could be retrieved . ( f ) in- information okay , so if you use the text client there never is any time information to begin with . there is nothing being lost because there never was anything . ( b ) i don \u2019 t really understand because there was audio so audio . ( f ) the text client sends on line at the time and each time you see this ( ? ? ) will automatically increase the offset by one second and have one millisecond . ( b ) okay , so i 'm talking about using using e- using eb client where i send audio into the system and i get text out . yeah so you are telling that \u2019 s an audio client is it . ( f ) yes , my my log output that i posted the ( ? ? ) is an audio client and . ( b ) so how do i know i 've got an audio client to text client . ( f ) yes there is an audio ( ? ? ) yes . ( b ) so what is the which oh the empty is neither its the worker . ( f ) the empty is a worker yes . ( b ) okay , but it gets some input from somewhere . ( f ) it does get input from somewhere but it does not attach timing information , it just pass the . ( b ) i know i don \u2019 t want it to attach the timing information but i would like it get the timing information from asr . ( f ) it does . ( ? ? ) you can see in my log output the timing information is there . if a time information is coming from actual audio which does have time information . it is passed through the the pipeline . ( b ) so your log ( ? ? ) is from your empty worker is it ? ( f ) no this is from the client . i did did modify so it prints the correct fields and the packages . ( b ) yeah yeah . i 've done that as well with the client and that works fine . what i don \u2019 t understand is why the empty worker can- can not access this information . ( f ) ( ? ? ) i mean it really can . ( b ) okay , well that . ( f ) ( ? ? ) ( b ) yeah , thats what we don \u2019 t really understand , when it ( ? ? ) stop offsets , there these bogus ones . ( i ) if i may , could it be this due to the the chopper ? ( b ) after the mt . ( i ) no i think it it is before , because the asr the , it is because the type matching in the fingerprints correctly i think . okay we have some asr set that produce text and some they unseg text . but but the empty workers they want text right . ( b ) right . ( i ) some some paths have to pass through a chopper which preserves the , which does not translate but the converts the type of the fingerprint between unseg and text . and that may lose the time information . ( b ) okay maybe yeah maybe that \u2019 s why i got this weird asr output . ( i ) i i . ( b ) the the the ( ? ? ) drawback or . i don \u2019 t know the chopper was in between the asr and the mt . ( i ) this is this is due to the path selection so it has to be the ( ? ? ) because otherwise the the translator worker could not accept the . ( f ) chopper is something completely different . the chopper is something that that um . that ondrej wrote that has to do with the subtitled presentation . there is a component in between asr and mt we call it the segmenter . ( b ) yeah yeah , and that \u2019 s fine . ( f ) i just want to make sure that we use the same terms so that you will not be ( ? ? ) ( b ) oh yeah , the segmenter is is doing what i expected to do as far as i can say . ( f ) ah yes , my output that i posted also has used the segmenter . ( b ) yeah ; yeah i mean i can run eb client and i can get this output , what i don \u2019 t understand and maybe we have to look at our code and maybe try and figure out what \u2019 s going . is why we don \u2019 t get this from mt . ( f ) oh there are . okay , so two things . you don \u2019 t get a i 'm almost ( ? ? ) output that you post is it is the ( ? ? ) from your worker is that correct ? ( b ) yeah , yeah well it is this is , sorry phil can explain . ( f ) the worker can print the time information as it find it in the packages . the packages which are really constructed by the client was sending the input and ( ? ? ) . if this is the text client it will send these strange ( ? ? ) offsets . and your worker is in the timing information , that does it never was . ( b ) yes so i 'm completely okay i fundamentally don \u2019 t understand the architecture so , i don \u2019 t understand , to me . ( f ) the time offset . ( b ) sorry . ( f ) time offset is not ( ? ? ) . the package was sent . it is a time ( ? ? ) that is just written into the package ( ? ? ) time information . this offset is supposed to be number of milliseconds ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah . ( ? ? ) . right . but i don \u2019 t understand why we cant get it from the audio . ( f ) that i 'm not sure about . i mean the the client the normally eb client ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah yeah . ( f ) this log output i just made now is eb client . ( b ) yeah no , that \u2019 s good and i i see that as well with eb client but i don \u2019 t understand why don \u2019 t see with mt . ( f ) yes , okay . even if you use your empty workers with eb client you still get this output . ( b ) but , sorry i 'm not that \u2019 s why i said ( ? ? ) the architecture . because i don \u2019 t really know ( ? ? ) . so so in the dry run setup right , there \u2019 s audio , yeah . which comes from the speaker . the audio goes through asr then goes through . ( f ) ( ? ? ) to the client . ( d ) ( ? ? ) . ( f ) the audio , the audio for goes to a client who who attach this timing information so , if the client sends one second of audio there would be a start and the stop ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so the audio goes through the client the audio goes through the client first , and then then where does it go . ( f ) then it goes to the asr which is , ( ? ? ) then have a timing information which is ( ? ? ) ( b ) its the correct timing information is milliseconds since the start of the each whatever . right , and then this audio so this and the text comes out of the asr and it somehow has timing information which relays to the time of the actual audio . then it goes to the normalization . ( f ) yes the the asr recognizers work someway in this in this audio and will have the timing information for each word . ( b ) right , so then it goes to the normalization . it goes to the normalization and that preserves this this time set . and then it goes to mt ( ? ? ) this time it has gone . ( f ) it should i mean . ( b ) right so that \u2019 s , so that is the mystery . ( i ) i i well i have an hypothesis if i 'm looking at this this pipeline wr- written right here . so , if the if the text is actually dunked back on the client so it goes it goes to the architecture and comes down . until it is in the architecture the the streaming is um , the strea- the the pipeline is composed of a serious of a ( ? ? ) messages , right ? and also ( ? ? ) . but i my guess is that the text client outputs just a plain text . so that in that point , the all the others are lost i think . because then it ( ? ? ) should . i think , no . it would then . ( b ) between asr . ( ? ? ) component between asr , there \u2019 s asr normalization and then the some other ( ? ? ) and then sending it onto mt . ( f ) no , no no no no no no . this component does not strip of any headers , that would that would completely destroy the whole pipeline , it does not do that . ( b ) um hum , stripping of some headers . ( i ) but but the component is not part of the pipeline , there are actually two pipelines . and its ( ? ? ) in between them there is the client but the these text client its outside of the architecture , right ? ( f ) the text client is is a client its a beginning and end of the pipeline . ( ? ? ) ( b ) how can a text client ( ? ? ) end . ( f ) because in both ( ? ? ) and receives the final output . so its ( ? ? ) . ( b ) so it sends in the audio and then . ( f ) not not the text client . ( b ) okay . ( ? ? ) right , in the wg vat live demo which client is sending the audio . ( f ) eb client should be . ( b ) eb client is sending the audio and the audio goes to asr it goes to normalization so it goes to asr it comes out of the asr as text but it still has the timestamps then it goes to normalization and then it goes to mt but which time no longer has the timestamps . ( f ) and i 'm i 'm saying this is this can not be this can not be correct that it does not have the timestamps because our mt workers are using these timestamps . ( b ) okay okay i get i get i get that . ( f ) but i 'm saying that . the time ( ? ? ) in your log output are because the timing information does not come from any audio information any audio timing but artificial ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah okay but i don \u2019 t understand why who is where are these timestamps being removed the good timestamps that we want the ones that come from the audio . are being replaced by these bogus timestamps , where is that happening . ( f ) in the log output that you are showing ( ? ? ) outputs because there has never been any audio input . ( b ) wait there is audio . there is audio . ( f ) are you sure . ( b ) yeah cuz these logs are from the live the dry run . ( f ) but we were using it during the dry run was working . i i very ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) timestamps like this . ( b ) i mean its quite possible that we are doing something wrong but i don \u2019 t know how ( ? ? ) looking for it . ( d ) maybe it wasn \u2019 t implemented or , we were lucky that we we . ( ? ? ) but we drop the timestamps at some point . ( f ) all models would be completely going crazy ( ? ? ) timestamps again . but i mean i really can not say what happened in that log file i guess . maybe some implementation changed maybe someone ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ( ? ? ) i appreciate that yeah . ( f ) if you are on the client right now and and show look at the log output there , then then we can talk about because we know what the implementation . ( b ) okay that \u2019 s what i 've been doing in that works ( ? ? ) during the dry run . ( f ) i see . ( b ) so something maybe changed , but i 'm not sure what . ( f ) um um ( ? ? ) . ( b ) maybe changed ( ? ? ) . ( f ) maybe we were testing at some point the text client also during the dry run and we check from different section in the dry run maybe there \u2019 s a different time . ( b ) so i think in the first day of the dry run this started offset and miss lets see , the start offset and the stop offset were missing . ( p ) there was no coding ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) i added that of the first day . ( b ) right they were not logged . but this this strange pattern in this start and stop time was there . all the way through . ( f ) the reason why i 'm so i 'm so sure that its the text ( ? ? ) going with chiara through the text client and making this specific putting in specific pattern . because otherwise the if the timestamps aren \u2019 t ( ? ? ) it causes other problems . ( b ) yeah yeah . ( f ) 1000 milliseconds and then 1 millisecond ( ? ? ) . ( b ) ( ? ? ) from the text client . ( ? ? ) but we don \u2019 t really know why because there was definitely audio ( ? ? ) system . ( f ) ( ? ? ) some later portion of the logs maybe . ( b ) that is the end of the logs . ( ? ? ) . ( f ) then maybe some earlier section . ( b ) its the same ( ? ? ) . ( f ) maybe it might be related to this multiple clients that milos was talking about . ( ? ? ) if if i 'm ( ? ? ) you have eb client and then you feed it again into text client so . if if you at some point feed your input into the text client then yes you are losing the timing information , you just rely on the normal pipeline from from the mediator . requesting ( ? ? ) multiple output thing . ( ? ? ) i i think i understand okay i think i 'm beginning to understand yes , i understand the thing you wrote at the bottom . the eb client only runs the asr . and ( ? ? ) still has audio information then its pipe again ( ? ? ) so starting another pipeline . ( b ) yeah . ( f ) ( ? ? ) timing information . ( b ) right right that makes sense . ( f ) this can not work , this pipeline can not produce useful results . if you want multiple ( ? ? ) . if it is not working right now than we need to figure out how it can work , but ( ? ? ) run . ( ? ? ) request a ( ? ? ) ( i ) in principle we can , uh it is possible to specify ( ? ? ) output requests ( ? ? ) sorry , input requests , because it is it is upside down ( f ) ( ? ? ) right now but uh , definitely ( ? ? ) . ( i ) yes , it is yes , we may have a different sample . ( f ) ( ? ? ) i definitely understand how how um ( ? ? ) . could be that was wrong time information as i see it , ( ? ? ) . ( b ) that is that is what i was asking ( ? ? ) was or between our mtn asr . ( ? ? ) there was something there . ( i ) yeah . we can make it work all in a single pipeline , but it . well , yeah . well , in principle for ( ? ? ) client you should be able to request , uh multiple , uh request , uh ah , and i do not remember ( ? ? ) you can have you declare one output , which is the audio you are providing , and then you , you can request multiple inputs streams , which is what you expect back from the architecture , and you can specify a different fingerprints and types of for each of them so ( ? ? ) . in principal if we , if we build ok . and if we can assume we had on ( ? ? ) workers to match to create the path . we could attach one session of ( ? ? ) client . uh , providing input , in one language , to a serious ( ? ? ) to a text ( ? ? ) , in a single pipe . ( ? ? ) ( f ) they realize that they are also workers right ? ( i ) the publisher ( ? ? ) workers ( ? ? ) . we are using , you know , the the third , the part of the fingerprint which , uh the first is the count in the not the language than the county . then you have ah , ( ? ? ) specifier , which , is orbitary , uh we use whatever languages is this minus bob no ( ? ? ) and then . ( ? ? ) it may require ( ? ? ) i am not sure about that but it also requires , you know , harder in the client , which is not the case right now but then this , this would require a whole piper , uh in the mediator must be able to provide this channel . so we still need . we still need to address the issue between the ( ? ? ) and text on ( ? ? ) , our ( ? ? ) in our all our segment is working , right now , or on some of them scripts ? ( f ) no the are all workers . ok . so this should work in principle ( f ) yes i think so . the only difference is that was that the proper ( ? ? ) presentation platform needs to be implemented as part of the presentation platform because it can not be run of the separate script somewhere ( ? ? ) in my opinion with the dropper is an aspect of the presentation anyway . yes . ( f ) ( ? ? ) fingerprint , which think in some point is that using ( i ) it could be a worker and be and be pipe inside ( ? ? ) . ( b ) you are probably right is actually part of the presentation . it is just . it is the choice of how to present that they presented the ( ? ? ) ( i ) yes . if this is because , but i i 'm thinking about he could be that all the all the ( ? ? ) . we ( ? ? ) with , um , uh , multiple hypotheses , and such . it may disappear . once the machine translation that ( ? ? ) like the translations workers are getting the proper at times input . ( b ) and yeah , well , what ( ? ? ) we would be able to think about what strategy sues the downstream components of the moment , we just translate everything , because we can 't do anything else . ( i ) right . ( b ) so it would just disappear . and we have to do something . ( i ) uh , yes , but having better input will will do better translations right . yeah , and then we can ( ? ? ) . i mean , that was why i opened this whole thing up , because i thought , how can we we decide what to translate . ( i ) right . at the moment we can not because we do not have well , in the in the dry run , and we did not have the correct time-stamps . when i run the using the ( ? ? ) client . i can get the correct time-stamps . so that , yeah . ( d ) we do not have access to these locks . i like this pipeline more because ( b ) you got these intermediate logs . ( d ) yes , it is much better . ( f ) for example , in the in the command ( ? ? ) the german . which is only ( ? ? ) only ( ? ? ) but you also get the english translation and the german translation . you get all of this . i think the issue is we are losing the intermediate steps . ( i ) no immediate fingerprints , if you want them . ( f ) and yes , we can have immediate fingerprints um-hum . ok . so we are trying . but i have to check if this ( ? ? ) asr workers as they are the outputs . . ( ? ? ) ( b ) so what is this minus i and minus f ? ( f ) request in the in the in ( ? ? ) fingerprint . it is it is a bit confusing because for the client ( b ) i read , this is initial and final round . ( f ) yes .", "tgt": "new colleague sangeet will be working on elitr . should test the full setup with as many languages . milos and dario must put slides streaming setup together in prague during vg vat . sao will decide if to gather and keep all audio or not . elitr collected theirs logs from vg vat . incremental asr wasnt working . real time segmentation mode doesnt work . changing subtitling windows is risky . eb client does not read from standard input . shorter lines ( instead of 150 characters only 100 ) . component between asr and mt is called segmenter . timestamps were missing from incremental asr . changing the underlying wire protocol is not going to make much difference . mt isnt sending all the timestamps . eb client selects just text content from token messages . may 2020 - congress ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi ebrahim . ( e ) hi . ( o ) yeah , so it works . let 's wait for barry because we havent heard from the chinese person yet . ( e ) ( o ) your connection seems very bad . so maybe it- ( e ) : hmm ? ( o ) your voice is very interrupted . so if it does n't get better then it maybe- yeah and also do you have any headphones because - ( e ) ( o ) the microphone helps a lot . ( e ) just a moment , i will check . ( o ) yeah , yeah , i do n't understand anything at all . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( e ) hi . ( o ) so , hello . ( s ) hi , eh , hi everyone . ( b ) hello . ( o ) so sangeet - yeah , so sangeet , again if you could mute yourself . ( s ) yeah , yeah , exactly . ( o ) for some reason it is catching all the , eehh , it is catching the noise from the environment so it seems that your input , eehh , microphone is something different than the one eh on next to your mouth . so maybe maybe it is set to to follow the - ( s ) yes , so i mute to my ( o ) so hi barry . ( b ) hello , so - ( o ) yeah , your connection is great . are we waiting for your , eehh , for , eehh - ( b ) yeah , yeah , he said that he would join . ( o ) ok , so let 's wait for - ( b ) let me see - ( o ) and i dont know if ebrahims connection got better because ebrahim was not- i couldnt understand ebrahim . ( b ) hmm . ok . ( o ) so lets wait for yael . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) maybe he is still trying to connect . ( b ) he could still be trying to connect hopefully he understood the time correctly . it seemed clear to me but . ( o ) oh , i see . ( b ) oh yeah , here we go , yeah . ( o ) ok , great . hi yael . ( y ) hi . ( o ) so im , again - i am again recording this meeting because we are gathering whatever we can for for the purposes minuting . so if , are you fine with that ? is everyone fine with that ? ( y ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so , so how do we proceed ? yeah . ( b ) yeah , i think i i just , i brought this up when you mentioned in the , when you mentioned in the call last week . that you are working on measurement and latency . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) yeah and evaluation and latency so i know i said that we weve been thinking about that a bit . but more weve been looking at incremental sl- slt models and noticed theres a few different definitions of latency going about . em . there - and again theres different definitions on the flicker , or erasure or whatever . em , yeah i just thought it was kind of useful to understand what we are doing i- i- i see what what you are doing is ev- , i mean you got this work bench what was it called again the ev- ( o ) slt- sltev , sltev , sltev . ( b ) sltev , yeah . and your already have a paper about it or - ( o ) no , no , a draft . ( b ) no , no , a draft paper yeah , sure . we know . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so i mean maybe we just maybe we tell you roughly what what were doing is we talked a bit about between the different ways of doing incremental slt . and and then we focused in on this paper which you referenced the one by - ( o ) the google , the google december . ( b ) yeah , were calling it the google paper so i am not sure how to say that ari pendragon or something like that ? ( o ) i know - ( b ) yeah , i am not sure . ( o ) i know one of the mecharized is some of the authors . i think wolfang mecharized is one of the authors . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but yeah , the first author is a guy call i think is called airy pedragon . he also did a bit doing work on on a multilingual mt as well and had some papers on that . em . so yael has implemented device beam search and the mass key , the mass key comes straight forward . or wait is it mass key , i think , yeah . so we have the bias beam search working on nemesis not really suitable for production , but just used the experiments with it , em . and it seems , well , the way the paper was pronounced it was little bit confusing in a terms of their evaluation , there is , there is like several different variables , if you like there are several different input variables and several different output variables and they move things around and shows a couple of settings and reported them . em , so we have some , so a little bit more detail on that that . ( b ) and the- ( b ) what is that ? ( b ) is it the sangeet ? ( o ) yeah , sangeet can you mute yourself ? ( s ) sorry , yeah . ( b ) i dont - ( o ) yeah mute yourself somehow , yeah . ( b ) yeah , em , i mean it , experiments are still going on , but it does look good the bios beam research is quite useful just as it is . i mean , it basically , it stops the output from flickering without , i mean , it does obviously has a little bit of penalty on performance , which needs a bit more testing . sorry , on quality which needs a bit more testing . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) but you know , if it is just the right value , it does prevent the flickering . em , the wait key were sort of less sure about , because its a very easy way of reducing the flicker . but you lose a bit of latency . umm , yeah , i was- been looking at models of trying to predict , when you should wait . which it looks a little bit like word conference model , like you act , why dont you say well i am confident in this and then you just , you keep it , if you are not confident , maybe you wait until - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) there is more speech comes out . em , but in terms of the latency evaluation , i guess we are taking a sort of , we are trying to do us laboratory focused evaluation , where we just take a - ( o ) or sequence of words . ( b ) yeah , but just build a specific system and then , or evaluating in isolation , you know , because they - em , yeah we consider the asr is fixed really . em , the airy padragon evaluation was a bit strange , because they sort of conflated the stability and the latency in the sense , that they dont , they dont they dont count a word as being delivered , until it is actually stable . you know , so if you deliver a word and then you revise it , it is not stamped , it is not time stamped , it is delivered , um . until it is stable , so if you are a bit unstable , it messes up your latency . em , where as in the stako paper , which it seemed quite clear . it was from last year i think , no , 2018 , em . they first criticised the older measures of latency , which was something like , what was proposed by esipova and cho . in a much older paper . when i say much older , i mean 2016 , which is ages ago now and ( o ) yeah . ( b ) then and then they produced another i think it was called average , average something . ( o ) average like . ( b ) yeah , i think it was average like . ( y ) paper called average proportion and down on paper proposed the average like . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) average liking . ( b ) average like seemed the most sensible but - i mean - we are aware that , you know , for for elitr we sort of we want to think at the system level as opposed to laboratory level . ( o ) yeah . yeah , yeah . ( b ) which is something you are doing doing a lot more than we are . ( o ) we are trying to . but i think i see a main difference between the way we approach things and all these papers approach things , is that we have really asr with time stamps in milliseconds and not words . so thats a big difference because ( b ) uhm . ( o ) if wait key its not , we are not waiting for key words , we will be waiting for milliseconds . we dont have any such system . ( b ) mmmm , yeah . ( o ) and , and slt system . but so with this - with this evaluation , that evaluation tool , that ebrahim is developing , i am paving my way towards the other task that we have , the word package and simultaneous translation . or we should have hand to hand systems . and there the input is the sound and the output is already the translated text . ( b ) hmmm , hmmm , mm . ( o ) that , that also makes this strategies , ehh , more natural , ehh , so - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) so if you train a model for wait key ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and then you are waiting for key words , it can be too much time in terms of milliseconds . so i think it would be really better to , ehh , to to plan for a system , which , ehh , emits the translations , even if the the words are incomplete , but if there was a time delay of the output . ( b ) hmmmmm . i see what you mean . so you can have a strategy , that just , yeah , waits for key seconds or something . uhm . yeah . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . which does n't make sense in the incremental machine translation , ehh , or or interactive sorry interactive machine translation setup . because when , when people say interactive machine translation , they only mean text input produced and text output , ehh , produced word by word . whereas slt im- implies that you start from a time stamped eehh input . ( b ) eehh , ok , well , i mean , i am thinking about time stamped input , i suppose the limitation is that , em its much easier to experiment with word by word input . there is n't so much time stamped in to put around there around - ( o ) yes , so , exactly . we are getting our own by recording , what came out from the asr and then playing it back . so the , the way we do it is , that we have the pipeline , which emits various things to mediator and , and back , and we have team which timestamps the lines . so we are gathering the timestamps , the emission time stamps , ehh , and we can put this at anywhere and obviously , we do not want to re-do all the asr , we , we like want to replay . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) the asr from , but replay the real time . ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) so when , when you are focusing on the , on fund presentation , which especially if it 's subtitles . then it really makes a difference , ehh , depending on how you replace . ehh , replay the , ehh , the input . so you do not want to re-do the asr , you want to save the the computing power , but you want to reply it at real time . ( b ) hm , mm , yeah , yeah , yeah . i mean , we did start , i did start doing a bit of that and then i got lost down the rabbit hole of not having the correct time stamps and that that - ( o ) this is something - ( b ) that was a little bit detour , but that is now all fixed and sound , isnt it ? ( o ) so the , the time stamps , that we are getting now , still need two adjustments , because when we have a recording of a sound , then eh the way we did it , was that we recorded absolute timestamps in the t commands and we started the playback of this , ehh , of this audio file at a specific time using the add command , ehh , so so all the pipeline was set up , it takes some time to to start it and then the issue an at command to to run it with some delay or some rounded time and then you have to subtract this starting time . so - we do n't have that fully automated yet , but it is our current strategy of recording that- those files . and sangeet is collecting a nice like directory of various talks that we had here that have transcripts and we also want to eh do it with various ted talks for example . so you have to re-play the audio - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) you have to re- re-do the asr , then you get the timestamps , or you can also use forced alignment , ( b ) hmmmmm . ( o ) between the correct transcript and the sound , which will give you like true transcript with timestamps and then you can re-play it . so this is some of this has been done , we have achieved some of those things . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) some of these are only planned so we have not - ( b ) yeah , yeah , so instead of word by word you want to know exactly , how long each word takes to say . ( o ) yeah , kind of the - ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ok . ( o ) it is not , is not because we want to be this precise in terms of words , but it is more important to to have , ehh , the measure of delays between words . so when people stop talking ( b ) yeah . ( o ) you still want to finish the output . so that 's the current main issue that i see in the in the pervoice setup . when people stop talking . ( b ) sorry . what do you mean when people stop talking ? ( o ) when people stop talking - ( b ) ya . ( o ) often the asr will have emitted this word , but the segmenter , which takes the sequence of nonpunctuated words , is still waiting for some more words to add a full stop . ( b ) hmm . ( o ) and then the second speaker comes and - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) starts to talk about something completely different and these two parts get joined together in one into one sentence and that se- ( b ) wow . ( o ) sentence gets translated . so - ( b ) wow , ok , so really - ( o ) this is something that definitely want to avoid . ( b ) so really , the pause is a clue , that you should just put a , put a full stop there . ( o ) yeah , yeah . but there is no way to , to feed it to the current pipeline . because the , well , the the asr system we could , we could put a wrapper around the asr system , which would have its time monitoring and then emit an extra full stop . maybe that is something , sangeet , that we should do like to - ( s ) ( b ) mmmm , guys , you 've got , you saying you 've got this asr log , but you would like to , you better just try to figure , how to replay the log into the system . ( o ) the , we have the , to replay the log that 's easy , so we do this . we would have a screw , which replays the log . ( b ) yeah , ok . ( o ) so we , we have a small but growing data set , which was serve as the test set . so that will be the regular test suit for for elitr and for , for the eurosai congress . now it is focused only on the asr , but will also edge the translations , where we can and when we , for example re-do the asr on ted talks , then we have already the translations from the subtitles from ted talks , so then that will be the ideal set up that ebrahim is now working on . so ebrahim , am i right that ted talks is or khan academy , right ? which , which there , which is actually the same thing . ( o ) you , you are probably muted or we can not hear you , ebrahim . ( b ) i think , think his microphone is not working . ( o ) yeah the microphone is not working probably or - yeah . but anyway , yeah , just just indicate yes or i think , i think we - i think we used khan academy or we have planned to use khan academy . ( b ) ok , to generate the appropriate data for these measurements . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) ok , ok , yeah . ( o ) so the , our real intention- oh , he is in now . ( b ) yeah , he is . ( o ) my- mine - yeah . my- mine real intention behind this sltf is to have the measure , which is also applicable to human interpreters , so i want to see the same number- ( b ) oh , ok . ( o ) style of numbers - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) where the emission timestamps is when the interpreter has pronounced the word , and we are also trying to gather data , where there is some input speech , the correct transcript of that , interpretation , transcript of that interpretation , eehh - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) and also text based translation of the original thing . ( b ) ok , ok , so that 's was that your interest , your interest as in european parliament . because as part of that doesnt it ( o ) yes , exactly , so parliament has part of that . for some years there is , there is maybe in both of that . ( b ) yeah , i do n't think they took , they dont take transcription of the interpreters , is that right ? ( o ) but they have the recordings of the interpreters for some years . ( b ) they would have the recordings , yeah . ( o ) and , and then we are not quite sure if these , these were shifted in time , eh . so , what we would have to , like , double check or , or maybe do the evaluation with the slightly moving it around to see how the result differ . so there is some uncertainty , how delayed were the interpreters , but i would like to have the same type of measure for our systems and for interpreters . and i , i can see , that there are , be very like the style differences in , in what they do , the interpreter would have huge lag , but much better precision and obviously the , the recall is something which is dis- like unclear . they can be bad on recall and they can be good on the recall so this is , ehh - ( b ) hm , hm . and the , and the erasure is a bit difficult to assess as well , because they do , do that probably - ( o ) they do n't . ( b ) no , they do n't ? ( o ) i ha- noticed . ( b ) hm , not sure , oh yeah , dont notice , ok . ( e ) so could you hear me now ? ( o ) yeah , sounds good . ( b ) yes , yes . ( e ) ok , so ok . about this european parliament , i think i sent one email to ondrej , has seen it ? i think i sent you monday morning . ( o ) im not sure . yeah , more likely im not . yeah . ( e ) i can i - ( o ) yeah , so i am not , yes , yes that was the- ( ? ? ) number of six directories , yeah . so that was about the data set , so european parliament is probably the , that 's , that 's the best setup , where we have the original speech , then the correct transcript of that- ( e ) yes . ( o ) and then interpreter 's recording , ( e ) not recording . ( o ) including transcript . ( e ) only the transcript . we should do the forced alignment . ( o ) and we need to do forced alignment , ok , so - ( e ) exactly . ( o ) but we have the sound , so we , once we have the- ( o ) there are , ehh , i can not hear , actually . ( e ) we have this ok ( b ) i ca n't really understand it , ebrahim . ( o ) yeah , it 's , yeah , i think the connection is doing it . maybe if you switch off your video , maybe - ( e ) yeah , i will do this . ( o ) yes , so , ok , so , now try again . ( e ) is it better now ? ( o ) somewhat better . ( e ) is it that , ok so . about this , about this data set , we have the source , for example in english , we have transcript of it and the translation , transcript on it , transcript . so if we want to create our asr timestamped transcript , we can do forced alignment , because there are some needed information about the starting and ending time of each person who talks , to we can and the time and asr we can evaluate translation of the , the reasons , the voice of the speakers - ( o ) the voice of the interpreters . ( e ) the voice of the interpreters , yes . ( b ) but it is not there . ( e ) no , it is not there . ( o ) but it , but i think this is what dominic said , it should be possible to get it from separate website . ( e ) maybe inside the data there are some parallel data set there , but if you because there are some directories for each language interpreted , one speaker talks in one language and they tries to translate it to , i think other 5 languages , and the final data . but maybe it gets from other website , ok , i 'll think - ( o ) ok , we need to , yeah , we need to talk to dominik again , because i think that he has discovered that there is a certain period of the years in which - ( b ) hm . ( o ) which are also include in this euro file st . where there is not only the source side audio and corrected transcript but also the recordings of the interpreters . i would not expect to have correct transcripts of the interpreters - ( b ) no . ( o ) but we are probably happy to do this , it is not to , like for for test ted size is not too big , it is not to ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , cause it your translation , sorry . ( e ) for each in there , for each language we have transcripter for interpreters , but for the audio , i could n't find them . i do n't know . ( o ) ah , ok . so we have - ( e ) we have transcripts of interpreters . ( o ) hm , but we can not , so , so for the evaluation and , but now i do n't know , how to make sure that we understand , what you 're saying , ebrahim , because the connection is really bad . ( b ) ( e ) maybe it is , maybe it is my microphone , now it is better ? ( o ) now it is better . ( e ) i change it now . ok . ok , we have - ok , we have the transcripts of interpreters . so for example if the source is english , for other 5 languages we have translations as it , for example , when they start each sentence , when they start and when they ends . on the similar time . ( o ) so - ( e ) on the similar time in event to the source language . ( o ) but is it really - ( e ) i sent you some files . i sent you some files . ( o ) i 'll have a look at those files . ( b ) ok , i mean , we have - this translation in europal understood they were not the same as the , what the interpreter said . yeah , the translations were done after , the fact - ( o ) yes , exactly , so we have to be very careful about this . yeah . ( b ) at least they are cleaned up , i mean , i am not sure - ( e ) it is - ( o ) so , eh , yes , so the speeches , speaker speeches and ( ? ? ) president was ( ? ? ) and speeches - yes , so this must not be , i am sure that this is not the interpreters , because it is like line by line aligned . ( e ) translations , yes . ( o ) this is translations on the transcript . ( b ) hm , but even transcript - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) even the transcript is quite clean , isnt it ? i mean - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) how close is it to a real transcript ? ( o ) i think it is clea- ehh , well , it is clean , but i think it is , it is i think it is close . we have not tried our asr on that yet , but - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) i think the people often reach their speeches , so i would not be surprised , if they really , really if they produce correct sentences . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( e ) you are right , i think . though maybe in other , because there are some other directories and if it can find something exactly that time happens , maybe we can do this parallel thing , but other directories not in the - ( o ) yeah , yeah . so this is exactly what we have to do . we have to align the interpreter 's sound with the intre- with , and then , and then create the transcript of the interpreters . and then we will see , how much the interpreted translation differs from the written translations , because i assume - ( e ) yes . ( o ) that these - ( b ) hm . ( o ) that these files , that we have so far , are written translation . so the , ehh , the only data set , where we are really going to have it very soon , will be for the purposes of audible self evaluation , will be the vgvet , the data from sao which wa- which we collected in june , and there we have student interpreters interpreting english into czech but these are student interpreters so there is again - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) little bit problem with that . and we have the transcript of the floor and the transcript of the floor is now being corrected , manually corrected , so we have the english source , ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) the corrected transcript , we will have , we , we , as soon as the transcript is , is finished , we will send it to translation agencies to translate it sentence by sentence , and we do already do have the interpretation by the student interpreters . and then we can compare . but this is , this is all like the , the data set particularities , but the important thing is that the tool should support this type of evaluation so - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so ebrahim , if you can now summarize , what are the expected inputs to , to your tool . ( e ) hm , so i can ( o ) i did n't hear , the microphone , do the , the magic so the microphone works . ( e ) so , yeah , now microphone is working ? ( o ) yeah , its better - ( b ) hm . ( e ) ok . oh , yes . oh yes , we changed the microphone , sorry about that . ok , what we have now , what i need for our system is one transcript timestamp of the source language , something alike , for example says , for example a partial sentence , partial , partial , until it is complete . so we have the time off , for example something like window , when this part of sentence is started and when its ended . using this i can lose estimation on , then , for example , we expect the first second or third or until the end . words will appear in the translation . and i did one reference for , for the translation . and the output of machine translation system , which is similar to this timestamped transcript , but it is output of the system . so - ( o ) yeah . ( e ) i have something rather partial , but partial completed and using this i can calculate the delay on the data . ( b ) hmm . ( e ) for flicker and the quality , it 's crazy , because , ehh , after that , ehh , alignment sentence alignment , i can calculate the delay and flicker . is it about for delay , i am using the expected time of each working asr or , or just timestamped transcript file . ( b ) uhm , hmm . ( o ) so . ( b ) and yeah , you have an alignment based method , is that right for computing the expected - ( o ) yeah , the reason - ( b ) expected type - ( o ) to introduce the alignment the intro- so there is two types of alignments involved . one of them is the alignment of segments , because we do not assume , we do not require , ehh , the machine translation system , which is based on the asr output - ( b ) hm . ( o ) follow the same segmentation as the true transcript has . so there can be , there can be segmentation mismatches . ( b ) yeah , ok . ( o ) but then the quality has to be evaluated or what , what , we have two strategies , one of the strategies is that it would be aligned segment to segment - ( b ) hm . ( o ) the script that people use for this is the aachen mwmr - ( b ) mr , yeah . yeah . saw that , yeah . ( o ) we rely on that as well . and another option that we consider is to have like a maybe sliding window or an adjacent windows - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) of time and seeing if - so the cascade of the asr and mt is expected to say to which words these output words link to . and so like when was the original time when this target word was uttered in the source language . is that clear ? so , there is this original speech - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) words appear in some sequence - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) the asr has a little delay and some errors and then the machine translation suffles those a lot but still - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) the machine translation emits a segment at some time it can be partial - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) or complete , but it emits some segment and from this we can , eh , eh , from the , eh , eh , we expect the , and the output to also say which portion of the input it connects to . ( b ) right , so you want , you want to basically to look at the output word and say , you want to try right back and say , which portion , when does this , this audio actually come out if you like - ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) and you have to do that using the giza alignment . ( e ) yes , exactly , because the alignment is the giza alignment we use it to this word alignment , for example if the verb , the term- , the interpreter can say , the verb is end of sentence , we give some a space for this delay , so we do n't consider the delay , if the interpreter could , because it do the word alignment also instead of this our system . ( o ) yeah , i 'm not sure we get anything from your message , like this is - ( b ) yeah , it 's a bit , i dont know . ( e ) im sorry . ( o ) some , some is too - so this is - ( e ) sorry about that , maybe next time , ok . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so this is - ( e ) ok , next time , i mean - ( o ) use a different mic - ( e ) ok , sorry about that . i think , sorry , i have two or three microphone , but i think , maybe the kind i am using there is something it may breaks it , so could you hear me now ? ( o ) it is still the same . ( b ) it is quite distorted , yeah , or it 's , it 's choppy , i do n't know the right word . ( e ) ok . ( b ) it is chopped . ( o ) yeah , exactly , so - ( e ) ok , maybe i will write it . i can write it here . ( b ) ( o ) yeah , well , i think , let 's , so - ( b ) so - ( o ) the question is , what , what , what should we do together and what - ( b ) what should we do , well , i - yeah , i mean , i mean - you have - i would like to understand , what you 're doing . i supposed you sent me the part , that draft of the paper . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so i can have a look at and i see the code is there , em - i guess , what we are doing is probably a bit more limited , we are trying to do it in more , in a lab setting , when we 're looking at ways of playing around with the decoder and see what effect that has . but then - ( o ) but that 's , that 's very important as well , so i think we - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) we are starting at the end and you are proceeding forward , so we would just need to link . ( b ) yeah , cause , i , i mean , i started back last year sort of trying to look at what 's happening to the whole system , but there was a lot of frustrations with not knowing really how it fits together and then having problems with timestamps and so on , em - so , i mean , i suppose one of the things was wondering if you and you said you were n't really sure about this do you have insights as to what , what people actually want when they talk about latency , but you said you cant , it is difficult to separate that from the user interface which is - ( o ) yep . ( b ) i mean , you can imagine these two things , this , there is one is like they want the words to come out quickly , but the other is they want things to be kind of even . so it should n't be like some words come out really quickly and then there is a bit of pause and then more words come out . or maybe not , i am not really sure , but it 's probably quite good a bit - you know , you know , you have the idea of progress bar , and if your progress bar sticks , so that 's really bad because you want your progress bar to be making smooth progress . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) and maybe the tests you do , do this . i am not really sure , but these are what , as you say , these are things that the user interface can do some fakery here probably , and make it look like something is happening or may- ( o ) yeah , i would that 's , that 's an- ( b ) may- maybe it cant , i do n't know . ( o ) but thats an option , but i would like to le- let 's avoid the fakery , because there - ( b ) ( o ) for success for fakery , you first have to have a clear idea what you want to show , and i do n't think that , that we are at that position . ( b ) i , i do n't really suggesting that we ca n't , that we should do this , but i am saying that this - ( o ) this is what microsoft does often . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) for example the smooth scrolling which , which for me makes excel values bland anymore , because i am so distracted by this scrolling so - ( b ) i , i , i , i , i never use excel so i do n't - ( o ) yeah , yeah . so answer , so do so do n't i , so there is one more reason for that now and - so we had a call with kiara today and - ( b ) oh , yeah . ( o ) she insisted well she was happy to , to keep the older system as real time as possible . so to minimize any delays and avoid any caching in the presentation , ehh , part which , ehh , because we want to avoid caching . but at the same time from her experience and from purwell 's experience they say , that it is better to wait like two , three seconds and deliver a stable output , and they do it for the deaf people , because these do not know when is something being said . so then they do n't realize - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) that there is a delay i think and this is pretty different from people , who see what is , what is being like - ( b ) hmmm , mmm , mm . ( o ) see also if you - ( b ) yeah , ok , so you , if you - if you listen to the audio and you are waiting for something to come up in the screen , yeah , that 's , that could be annoying - ( o ) that- that 's annoying , exactly . ( b ) if you ca n't hear the audio , then whatever - yeah , does n't - ( o ) then yeah , and if you do n't understand the language , then also the delay is good for you , it does n't bother you , but if you do understand the source , but not quite , so you need - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) some , some kind of assistance , then this caching in your brain or uncaching , that 's something , which is very hard to do - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) like realizing , what i 've heard a second ago in language that i do n't quite speak , and , and , what i if it is , if it 's - just a second then it fits into the same time frame - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) of the brain but , but if it , the delay is longer , then you can not really recover the , the meaning ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so there is very different use cases , ehh , a- ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and they do not seem so different , if you first describe them , but then , if you really sit in them , then you realize , how , how different setting is . so that 's why i would , ehh , like leave the , ehh , presentation as a totally separate topic . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) ehh . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and , ehh , there 's further issue is like , how much of content can you show . and this is again something that we are like discussing with - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) kiara , because they have the subtitle idea and we have this experimentation that some of the systems , ehh , some of the language pairs and given particular set of mt systems would introduce too much resets or like total , ehh - ( b ) total rewrites . ( o ) total rewrites of these , ehh- ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) of these - ( b ) ok . ( o ) two lines . whereas this total rewrites are not harmful , if it 's , if it 's rewriting the middle of a paragraph , you do n't bother , you , you just like the , the stable top remains there , so you have some- ( b ) ok . ( o ) thing to rely your eyes on and you know , what has changed . ( b ) yeah , yeah , it 's not realy hard to measure , was n't it ? yeah , but that - ( o ) it 's , it 's , well , you just have the log file , so the , i like the simplicity of the google paper - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) because they , all they have , is this event log and they record what happens when , and then ehh - ( b ) hmmm , mm . ( o ) eh like , i like your observation that theyre conflated flicker and latency . i have n't realized that . i liked when you said that , in previous call , i did n't know where that comes from , but since they count the the word as , as if it has appeared only once its stable , then i understand that it increases the latency . ( b ) hm . ( o ) so , so - ebrahim , this is something the we should really make sure we do differently , because we have a number of different types of evaluation and at this point i am not fully sure that we have the right ones , ehh , ehh - ( b ) yeah , that - ( o ) ( b ) i mean from what ? ( o ) so and - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) from what youre saying about the use cases , it 's not really clear , what the right one is , so having lots of measures , is actually quite good but - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) we have to understand what they mean . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so the way i see it , is that we should finalize sltf and actually test it on the data , which is something which has not - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) ehh , yeah - which is something , which has not , ehh , has been done yet , so maybe there was like one file , so ebrahim is testing it for bugs , but not yet testing for - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) for the numbers he is emitting . and i think that , ehh , we simply want the , now the set up , which is also the , the basis of the addable selfie task and - ( b ) uhm . ( o ) the basis is , that you have the sound in the source language , which is english and - ( b ) hm . ( o ) you are showing timestamped mt outputs , partial and complete sentences , and each of these mt outputs is labeled with the emission time , when the user saw it - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and it 's also labeled with the timestamp 's start and end of the of the source audio , to which input sequence of or to which input , ehh - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) stamp or sound it refers . ( b ) but sorry , so which so in the task , one of the the users are given the audio , is that , just the audio , is that right ? and they have to produce this mt output . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) sorry , they 'll have the audio with the timestamps , and they 'll have to use the mt output which also have has timestamps or what do they have to , have to add to it ? ( o ) what , so they are getting as the input the audio and they are expected to produce target language text . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) the minimum style of evaluation is that they simply emit one full text with no updates , just junk and without any timestamps . that will , that is the basis of the doc , it 's , it 's nonnative s- focused on nonnative , eh , eh - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) spoke language translation , so there the , the ( bleh ) score and standard things like that for the whole thing will be the core measure , but if they can we would - and our protocol suggest them to do it - we would really like to get the translation in parts . ( b ) hmm . ( o ) as many parts as they like , indicating , which of these parts are stable and which are just partial updates - ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) and for each of such message , that comes from the mt output , the message should be labeled with the source time and end time , start time and end time , ehh - ( b ) uhmm , uhmm . ( o ) which span of input , this tran- this output of the translation refers to . and also the emission time . ( b ) also they have to do the giza alignment then ? ( o ) yes . ( b ) ok . ( o ) they do n't have to do the giza alignment . ( b ) no ? ( o ) because they , they had , it depends on their systems , but if we are participating ourselves , which i am afraid that we could be the only participants , but anyway - if w- if we participate ourselves - ( b ) will you win then ? ( o ) then we have the asr , we have this sentence segmenter , the sentence segmenter , ehh , knows where was the first word in terms of time of the sentence , and where was the last word of the sentence , so the - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) segmenter emits the sentence labeled with timestamps and then the machine translation just copies these timestamps . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so the , the sentence gets shuffled - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) there is some word or- word order changes , whatever is necessary , but the claim is , that this sentence is a translation of this sound . ( b ) right , so , it 's gon na be some continuous chunk of audio - ( o ) yes , yeah . ( b ) as converted to a sentence . ah , ok . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) but they do n't have to align within that . ( o ) yes , yes . ( b ) no , that 's , that 's what the evaluation does , it figured out exactly - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) within that - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) what 's alike , yeah . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and then there we have two options . one is based on the order alignments by giza and another one is something , ehh , which only uses the timestamps and like expands it , as like a border , where the words can also land and then , it it kind of assumes that the word , that the reordering was not too wild , but this is , i do n't - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) like that much , but ebrahim prefers - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) this , which is simple . ( b ) it 's like a distortion limit , is n't it ? ( o ) yeah , like the distortion limit at the boundaries of sentences . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) could you hear me now ? ( o ) it 's still the same , but ( e ) because , i , ok . ( o ) yeah . that 's unfortunate , it 's still the same . ( b ) mmm . ( e ) now ? is it better ? ( o ) so i think - ( b ) so - ( o ) so how to proceed . we 'll simply proceed on our own - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) with the data set preparation - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) which , as i said , means to collect various a- slt systems run on audios , when we also have the correct transcript and we also have the reference translation and ideally , where we also have the reference interpretation and then - ( b ) hm . ( o ) then we can compare how the system differs in these measures compare to the , to the human interpreter - ( b ) uhm , hm . ( o ) so that 's the , that 's the long term plan . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and long term in the sense , that we do n't need the humans to , ehh , to , we do n't need the human data now , we only need for the addable selfie task , we only need the measure and the mt outputs , but not yet the comparison with humans . ( b ) uhm , uhm . ( e ) microphone , is it ok now ? ( o ) no . so it 's probably the - it could be the sound card or the connection , maybe the , the connector of the microphone or if you , or if you can switch to the built-in microphone , then maybe also better , i do n't know . but that was - actually no , it was it was bad already with the , with the with the built-in microphone . i remember that you were - ( e ) i can not change the built-in microphone in this program because - ( o ) so cou- ( e ) could that be i changed the font unfortunately i , it does n't change in the ( pixie ) ( o ) yeah , yeah . it could , it could it be that your machine is overloaded ? that the cpu is overloaded ? is the machine warming up ? ( e ) maybe it 's overloaded . ( b ) uhmm . ( o ) yeah , so , ehh , sss- i think that the , the best way to collaborate is , if you - ( b ) hm . ( o ) could also come up with , like some missions to the addable selfie tasks , not necessarily for the task , but just - ( b ) no . ( o ) the same style going from english into german and czech - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) separately , but using the incremental systems . and there we would use our measures and - ( b ) uhm . ( o ) we will see , how the incremental systems are better or worse in terms of the , the stability and delay , ehh , compare to the current pervoice style of set up . ( b ) yeah , that could be interesting , em . for the task , i assume , well , you need to produce asr for the task - ( b ) sorry . ( o ) and , and what you are saying is , that you , is that you do n't have any asr systems running ? ( b ) i wo n't , actually , we do n't have one running , we should have one but we dont , em . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) is is the - ( o ) so sangeet can easily , sangeet can easily create this asr outputs for you - ( b ) do you have a , do you have a local company - ( s ) ( b ) do you have a local company to ( ? ? ) system ? ( o ) ehh , yes , sangeet has it . ( s ) yeah , we have about ( b ) is that easy to get ? ( s ) i can send you but ( ? ? ) them find some labels ( ? ? ) and it could be . it is easy , yeah . ( o ) so , ehh , maybe - ( b ) ok . ( o ) sangeet , sangeet , in your sound setting , is n't your microphone ( main ) set too high ? open your sound setting and try to , try to i think there is , there is input input volume and maybe that slider , thats too high . ( b ) mmm , all these people working in spoken language translation , they are n't very good with microphones ( o ) i know why , because - ( b ) ( o ) we keep playing with them and and all your - ( b ) ok . ( o ) settings are changed by different peoples - ( b ) no . ( o ) using the same machine , so whenever you get the machine - ( b ) ok . ( o ) it 's like totally misconfigured . ( b ) so there 's too much microphone experimentation going on - ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) over there , eeem . ( e ) ( b ) ok , so i see you did - ( o ) yeah , it 's probably better - ( o ) sangeet ? sangeet ? are you talking or not ? ( e ) if you hear me now ? ( o ) yes , ebrahim is still the same , i do n't know ( e ) ( o ) yeah , its too bad . ( b ) so let- yeah , i mean , the , this sounds interesting , emm . ( o ) so the deadline is the 17th of march , which is quite early . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ehh . ( b ) so , we , i mean , the situation we are in is that yael was finishing , basically in in a month or four weeks really . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) so we 're , we 're trying to sort of work at such a way , that we round things off a bit - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and then we 're not sure what 's gon na happen , em . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) em , so - but , yeah , potentially , especially , we have the asr outputs , we can run , em , run them through whatever we have and see how it looks , em . ( o ) and these , these models , do they expect sentences as the input or do they expect a window of words ? ehh , i assume - ( b ) i would be - ( o ) i am not the expert at punctuation , but - ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , so were - that 's right , is n't it , yeah , that you are working with - i mean , we put in prefixes , but , yeah , its , would be - ( o ) prefixes ? ok . so that 's the ideal set up , because we , what we have is the asr followed by a punctuation insertion and followed by something which we call online text flow events , crazy stupid name , but it creates sentence events , so to say , so that 's word events - ( b ) uhmmm . ( o ) come from . and the , ehh , it 's always every event is one either complete sentence or - ( b ) hm . ( o ) the last , the current last sentence , which is possibly incomplete - ( b ) yeah . yeah , so we are gon na feeding , i mean , i guess it goes from the start of the sentence to at a certain point - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) prefixes , to evaluate it - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and yeah . ( o ) so if you , sangeet , if you could , if you could for all the files that we have now , and you do only english into what ? ( o ) what is your translation directions , barry ? ( b ) what are you trained yeal ? just check . ( y ) i do english to german . ( o ) english to german . ok , that 's good , yeah . ( b ) yeah , yes . ( b ) it 's , it 's only trained on , em , smallish data like , what is it ( small speciality ) ( y ) to database the srt17 . ( b ) so yeah , but that , just the 300000 sentence from the - ( y ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so , but yeah , so , so far that 's what we 're experimenting with - ( o ) so , ehh , so how where doesnt the stability of the search come from ? ( b ) the stability of the search ? ( o ) yeah , if you like - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) if you , if you are receiving - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) extending longer and longer prefixes - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) will your outputs be stable at the beginnings or will they also flick away ? ( b ) well , it depends . i mean , the , the idea , so it 's always a retranslation , em - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) so- sorry , it 's not , actually , it 's not really . it 's not real incremental mt , so it 's re-translation - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) em , and the idea of the bios beam search is just it 's kind of straight forward you have the prefix you translated last time , before you extend it , and you just add a small penalty to the - ( o ) yo . ( b ) to the probability , to the score provided by the translation system , which penalizes if it moves too far away from the previous prefix - ( o ) uhm , yeah . ( b ) and - ( o ) so - ( b ) i think - ( o ) so you should get a log from us , which will contain these prefixes - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) one after another , but - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) they will be sometimes interleafed also with the complete sentences , because , well , you will see ( b ) yeah . ( o ) hopefully youll still be able to like recover the sequence of growing prefixes - ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) to introduce the penalty at the right points , and essentially if you send us back the exact same number of lines as the log had - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) except that the , the , it will be translated ( b ) translated , yeah . ( o ) this is what we - ( b ) that 's whats used to evaluate ( o ) this is was we use to evaluate it . ( b ) ok . that should be possible , yeah . i think . ( o ) so , so , the good , the good setup for , the good thing about this is that we can very easily send it to any mt system , which will translate full sentences quite well , and these partial sentences it will probably round them off and introduce full - ( b ) hmmm , mmm . ( o ) stops and in that case your , your system would be , work better , ehh - so - ( b ) yeah w- yeah , yeah , i mean , i mean , yeah . i tried diversion of the system on prefixes and obviously , well , for english to german it does do better on the prefixes obviously , because it does n't try to make full sentences . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) em . so . i think there were , the results from english to chinese were little different , but that 's still - yeah . i have n't figured that out yet , em . ( o ) so if , if tha- well , our evaluation asset is , is like it 's implemented , but it has not been tested yet , and we actually do not have sufficient different mt outputs - ( b ) ( tough ) ( o ) so having one of , one from your side would be , also , ee , ( helping ) . ( b ) ok . ( o ) we can also like copy pasted to whatever system are there , and then ebrahim can collect the numbers and we will see , how bad the situation is , because the segments do n't match the reference , so the the ( full ) set up is to only focus on lower- longer windows like half a minute - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) or things like that . and evaluate ( bleh ) score on this half a minute - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) translated - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) text , which is easy to recover from the log file , you will only - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) call that things , collect the translations and only take the final ones and - ( b ) so this is a general problem evaluating slt , because ( bleh ) expects segmented text and that 's ok , ok . ( o ) so , so , sangeet , if you simply could send all inputs that we have you do n't need any you may want to , to have also the audio just for , for your reference , so if you want the audio , barry , let us know - ( b ) ok . ( o ) it is , it is often our own presentations and it is not too big and - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . there should be the addable selfie depth set ready 11 days ago already , yeah , but i havent put that together yet - ( b ) but it 's not ready ( o ) it is almost ready , but not not fully . and , ehh , so that will be also another set of files , which have reference translations into german and czech and source sound . and sangeet will provide it with the output , well , actually , do all the full log directories , so we have a log directory , which is at various steps of the pipeline . the output of the asr , the output of the punctuation insertion and the output of the sentence caching or sentences advancing - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and the output of our mt as well , that 's , that 's so that you can also see what our mt is is producing there - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and you would take the sentence aligned or sentence event files and you would translate that so the sentence event files have already the correct number of , of , well , some number of lines and this number of lines is preserved in machine translation . ( b ) yeah . so it 's just a piece of text we translated and then , yeah . ( o ) yeah , what and some three numbers in front of that to be pasted in front of that as well - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so you do n't change the timestamps in the translation . ( b ) yes , yeah . ( o ) yeah . so , sangeet , maybe you can directly send the , the last email , where you had this , you already had one , one such example that you sent to ebrahim recently , so simply send it to , to barry . that 's one file which you can already have a look at and if anything is not clear there , then sangeet can explain , or ebrahim can explain , or i can explain . and you will try translating it to german and seeing how that differs . and we also have the reference and not for this doc . so we do n't have yet the reference translations in a nice way and , yeah . ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) but we are getting there . ( b ) ok , yep , thats , it sounds reasonable . ( o ) yeah . is there any chance that you would also train a big system , because right now you will be comparing relatively strong - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) english to german system with a weak one , which has better chance of of stability , so - ( b ) yeah , i see what you mean , em , yeah . i 'm not sure if we can . yeah , we , we talk about that , i 'm not sure which beca- as i say like because , yeah , yael finishes in like 4 weeks , i 'm just trying to i bring things to some conclusion , so - ( o ) yeah , so i think it would be - ( b ) it 's not like most things left hanging , so - ( o ) it would be probably better to to train a standard system on the very same training data that you have for the smaller one , so that you have two weak systems , one - ( b ) mmm . ( o ) is one with proper segmentation , one with the standard ( ? ? ) the less stable and the the more stable and - ( b ) mmm . ( o ) the translations that we are producing with the stronger systems would be kind of reference point . ( b ) yeah , the bios beam search is only run , it is a translation time , so i mean , the system is , it 's a regular system and then you just change the beam search - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) em - ( o ) ehh - ( b ) so , it can be - ( o ) so , so , one , it - ( b ) so it can be run with them without bios beam search- ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , the one is like - ( b ) defini- and there is the parameter for how strong bios is , em - ( o ) so there is truly no chance , that you would have maybe someone else to add this to marian , because our system - ( b ) em , that 's , that 's unlikely , em there is some rumour that it may get added to marian . i mean , basically , you know , microsoft get wind that this is useful , then it may end up in marian any way . hello , is everyone frozen ? ( e ) hey , ( b ) maybe just ondrej is . ( e ) yes , because i think there is a problem in ufal internet , because nothing at email is inaccessible , ufal internet , i - ( b ) ou . ( e ) think there is , yes , as i see , i think - ( b ) sangeet has come back , but ondrej is ( e ) yes , cause i - yes , even i can not open the ufal email . it is hard and maybe there are some problems inside the department as i see open it . ( b ) ok . ( e ) yes , now i can see the email , yes . ( b ) maybe it come back . ( e ) yes . ok , now i am sorry of the quality of the voice , because now i restarted everything on my computer - ( b ) i , is , is a little better , i mean , i can still hear some distortion - ( e ) ok , so . yes , yes , so the problem i , i run the email , the problem is , i think , on whatsapp , what 's the problem . ( b ) aaa , yeah , i mean , maybe we should just let 's see , papapapapa . ( e ) the problem is on my , on my computer i have microphone i do n't , i can not see them , i just , i just have the default microphone on my computer . ( b ) i , em , yeah , it still sounds a bit distorted . i wonder maybe we should , if , if ondrej is not coming back , maybe we leave the call just now , i can add some notes about the last question into the google document . ( e ) yes , ondrej is coming , but now , no he is frozen , yes . ( b ) yeah , he 's frozen . ( e ) yes , i think , what is in the ufal internet because our website , ufal internet has problem also , now i am not there , i am not in czech republic yet . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) now i came back to iran and yes , the problem is - ( b ) yeah , yeah . and sangeet is silent . ( e ) sangeet , do you hear us ? ( b ) right , i think , i think , we should , we should leave it just now , cause it 's not , i am not - ( e ) ok . ( b ) hearing people , i ca n't hear sangeet , actually . ah , let me make a couple of notes on the google doc and - ( e ) ( b ) oh , oh , wa- it is a matter of ebraham . ( s ) can you hear me ? it is sangeet . ( b ) i can hear you now , yeah . ( s ) ok , yes , i was saying there are some tests , testing going on , guys are , it guys are doing some test thats why we went out of connection , so maybe ondrej needs - ( b ) ok , i got a , i got a mail from ondrej , so , yeah , ok , so , he add summarizes , ok , maybe we just leave that now and i will write some notes to google doc . ( s ) yeah , exactly . and i propose ebrahim to write to what he meant to say in the google doc and later on if you proposes to explain . ( b ) ok . ( s ) oh , yeah . ( b ) ok . alright . ( s ) ehh , and - ( b ) thank you everyone . oh , sorry . ( s ) barry , e , e- do you want me to send the , the directory or file , using which you could run the english asr , it 's english asr , do you want ? ( b ) yeah , i mean , if you have the english text , we can run that through , translate that - ( s ) no , no , no , i am asking , so actually i have the audio and i have the system to transcribe the- those audio , so do you want those , the directory or the ( giza asr ) system to run on your system ? ( b ) em , yes , we would like that , but it 's not i mean , yes , at some point , yeah , we would like that , em . ( s ) alright , ok . ( b ) yeah . ( s ) i did n't , em , i just , i 'm gon na send you the file , which on the ( side ) have the timestamp and mt output and outputs in the different stages of ( file ) , alright . ( b ) yeah . ( s ) so the , that 's all from me . ( b ) ok . ( b ) ok . ( b ) alright ( e ) ok , so i think , there is problem , so we can say goodbye now . ( b ) yeah . yeah . ( e ) ok . sorry ( b ) ok . ( e ) i have bad luck today . ok , so have a good evening and sorry about these problems happened from my side and just , and i promise one - ( s ) i think it is clear now after - ( b ) ( e ) i think if its clear , do you want to , do you want this more information about the segmentation ? we have to of segmentation , first ideas is using time and aachen university . ( b ) ok , your audio , your audio is going again . ( s ) yeah . ( e ) maybe later , later i will , i will more information from me . ( s ) yeah , yeah ( b ) ok . ( s ) exactly , yeah . ( e ) ok . ( b ) ok , thank you . ( s ) thank you , thank you , barry . ( e ) thank you very much . ( y ) thank you . ( s ) thank you , thank you to everyone . ( b ) bye . ( s ) bye bye . ( b ) bye . ( s ) bye bye .", "tgt": "introduction + summary of work . discussion . agreement on beginning of cooperation . use of incremental systems . use their measures . comparing results: stability , delay , pervoice ( everybody ) . deadline for first results of cooperation: 17th march . put a wrapper around the asr . talk to domink regarding the data from european parliament . align interpreters sound and created transcript to compare differences with written translation . to do it differently than in the google paper: their stable words increases the latency . finalize sltf + test it on the data . send to barry: asr outputs + audio , all available inputs , all full log directories , output of punctuation insertion , output of sentence caching output of mt . translation to german + differences . add notes to shared google doc ."}
{"src": "( o ) hi ebrahim . ( e ) hi . ( o ) yeah , so it works . let 's wait for barry because we haven \u2019 t heard from the chinese person yet . ( e ) ( o ) your connection seems very bad . so maybe it - ( e ) hmm ? ( o ) your voice is very interrupted . so if it does n't get better then it maybe- yeah and also do you have any headphones because - ( e ) ( o ) the microphone helps a lot . ( e ) just a moment , i will check . ( o ) yeah , yeah , i do n't understand anything at all . ( ? another _ language ? ) ( s ) hi . ( o ) so , hello . ( s ) hi , eh , hi everyone . ( b ) hello . ( o ) so sangeet - yeah , so sangeet , again if you could mute yourself . ( s ) yeah , yeah , exactly . ( o ) for some reason it is catching all the , eehh , it is catching the noise from the environment so it seems that your input , eehh , microphone is something different than the one eh on next to your mouth . so maybe maybe it is set to to follow the - ( s ) yes , so i mute to my ( o ) so hi barry . ( b ) hello , so - ( o ) yeah , your connection is great . are we waiting for your , eehh , for , eehh - ( b ) yeah , yeah , he said that he would join . ( o ) ok , so let 's wait for - ( b ) let me see - ( o ) and i don \u2019 t know if ebrahim \u2018 s connection got better because ebrahim was not - i couldn \u2019 t understand ebrahim . ( b ) hmm . ok . ( o ) so let \u2018 s wait for yael . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) maybe he is still trying to connect . ( b ) he could still be trying to connect hopefully he understood the time correctly . it seemed clear to me but . ( o ) oh , i see . ( b ) oh yeah , here we go , yeah . ( o ) ok , great . hi yael . ( y ) hi . ( o ) so i \u2019 m , again - i am again recording this meeting because we are gathering whatever we can for for the purposes minuting . so if , are you fine with that ? is everyone fine with that ? ( y ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so , so how do we proceed ? yeah . ( b ) yeah , i think i i just , i brought this up when you mentioned in the , when you mentioned in the call last week . that you are working on measurement and latency . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) yeah and evaluation and latency so i know i said that we we \u2019 ve been thinking about that a bit . but more we \u2019 ve been looking at incremental sl- slt models and noticed there \u2019 s a few different definitions of latency going about . em . there - and again there \u2019 s different definitions on the flicker , or erasure or whatever . em , yeah i just thought it was kind of useful to understand what we are doing i- i- i see what what you are doing is ev- , i mean you got this work bench what was it called again the ev- ( o ) slt- sltev , sltev , sltev . ( b ) sltev , yeah . and your already have a paper about it or - ( o ) no , no , a draft . ( b ) no , no , a draft paper yeah , sure . we know . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so i mean , maybe we just maybe we tell you roughly what what we \u2019 re doing is \u2013 we talked a bit about between the different ways of doing incremental slt . and and then we focused in on this paper which you referenced the one by - ( o ) the google , the google december . ( b ) yeah , we \u2018 re calling it the google paper so i am not sure how to say that ari pendragon or something like that ? ( o ) i know - ( b ) yeah , i am not sure . ( o ) i know one of the mecharized is some of the authors . i think wolfang mecharized is one of the authors . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but yeah , the first author is a guy call i think is called airy pedragon . he also did a bit doing work on on a multilingual mt as well and had some papers on that . em . so yael has implemented device beam search and the mass key , the mass key comes straight forward . or wait is it mass key , i think , yeah . so we have the bias beam search working on nemesis not really suitable for production , but just used the experiments with it , em . and it seems , well , the way the paper was pronounced it was little bit confusing in a terms of their evaluation , there is , there is like several different variables , if you like there are several different input variables and several different output variables and they move things around and shows a couple of settings and reported them . em , so we have some , so a little bit more detail on that that . ( b ) and the- ( b ) what is that ? ( b ) is it the sangeet ? ( o ) yeah , sangeet can you mute yourself ? ( s ) sorry , yeah . ( b ) i don \u2019 t - ( o ) yeah mute yourself somehow , yeah . ( b ) yeah , em , i mean it , experiments are still going on , but it does look good the bios beam research is quite useful just as it is . i mean , it basically , it stops the output from flickering without , i mean , it does obviously has a little bit of penalty on performance , which needs a bit more testing . sorry , on quality which needs a bit more testing . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) but you know , if it is just the right value , it does prevent the flickering . em , the wait key we \u2019 re sort of less sure about , because it \u2018 s a very easy way of reducing the flicker . but you lose a bit of latency . umm , yeah , i was- been looking at models of trying to predict , when you should wait . which it looks a little bit like word conference model , is like you act , why don \u2019 t you say \u201ewell i am confident in this \u201c and then you just , you keep it , if you are not confident , maybe you wait until - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) there is more speech comes out . em , but in terms of the latency evaluation , i guess we are taking a sort of , we are trying to do us laboratory focused evaluation , where we just take a - ( o ) or sequence of words . ( b ) yeah , but just build a specific system and then , or evaluating in isolation , you know , because they - em , yeah we consider the asr is fixed really . em , the airy padragon evaluation was a bit strange , because they sort of conflated the stability and the latency in the sense , that they don \u2019 t , they don \u2019 t \u2013 they don \u2019 t count a word as being delivered , until it is actually stable . you know , so if you deliver a word and then you revise it , it is not stamped , it is not time stamped , it is delivered , um . until it is stable , so if you are a bit unstable , it messes up your latency . em , where as in the stako paper , which it seems quite clear . it was from last year i think , no , 2018 , em . they first criticised the older measures of latency , which was something like , what was proposed by esipova and cho . in a much older paper . when i say much older , i mean 2016 , which is ages ago now and ( o ) yeah . ( b ) then and then they produced another \u2013 i think it was called average , average something . ( o ) average like . ( b ) yeah , i think it was average like . ( y ) paper called average proportion and down on paper proposed the average like . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) average liking . ( b ) average like seemed the most sensible but - i mean - we are aware that , you know , for for elitr we sort of \u2013 we want to think at the system level as opposed to laboratory level . ( o ) yeah . yeah , yeah . ( b ) which is something you are doing doing a lot more than we are . ( o ) we are trying to . but i think i see a main difference between the way we approach things and all these papers approach things , is that we have really asr with time stamps in milliseconds and not words . so that \u2018 s a big difference because - ( b ) uhm . ( o ) if wait key it \u2019 s not , we are not waiting for key words , we will be waiting for milliseconds . we don \u2019 t have any such system . ( b ) mmmm , yeah . ( o ) and , and slt system . but so with this - with this evaluation , that evaluation tool , that ebrahim is developing , i am paving my way towards the other task that we have , the word package and simultaneous translation . or we should have hand to hand systems . and there the input is the sound and the output is already the translated text . ( b ) hmmm , hmmm , mm . ( o ) that , that also makes this strategies , ehh , more natural , ehh , so - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) so if you train a model for wait key \u2013 ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and then you are waiting for key words , it can be too much time in terms of milliseconds . so i think it would be really better to , ehh , to to plan for a system , which , ehh , emits the translations , even if the the words are incomplete , but if there was the time delay of the output . ( b ) hmmmmm . i see what you mean . so you can have a strategy , that just , yeah , waits for key seconds or something . uhm . yeah . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . which does n't make sense in the incremental machine translation , ehh , or or interactive sorry interactive machine translation setup . because when , when people say interactive machine translation , they only mean text input produced and text output , ehh , produced word by word . whereas slt im- implies that you start from a time stamped eehh input . ( b ) eehh , ok , well , i mean , i am thinking about time stamped input , i suppose the limitation is that , em \u2013 it \u2019 s much easier to experiment with word by word input . there is n't so much time stamped in to put around there around - ( o ) yes , so , exactly . we are getting our own by recording , what came out from the asr and then playing it back . so the , the way we do it is , that we have the pipeline , which emits various things to mediator and , and back , and we have team which timestamps the lines . so we are gathering the timestamps , the emission time stamps , ehh , and we can put this at anywhere and obviously , we do not want to re-do all the asr , we , we like want to replay . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) the asr from , but replay the real time . ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) so when , when you are focusing on the , on fund presentation , which especially if it 's subtitles . then it really makes a difference , ehh , depending on how you replace . ehh , replay the , ehh , the input . so you do not want to re-do the asr , you want to save the the computing power , but you want to reply it at real time . ( b ) hm , mm , yeah , yeah , yeah . i mean , we did start , i did start doing a bit of that and then i got lost down the rabbit hole of not having the correct time stamps and that that - ( o ) this is something - ( b ) that was a little bit detour , but that is now all fixed and sound , isn \u2018 t it ? ( o ) so the , the time stamps , that we are getting now , still need two adjustments , because when we have a recording of a sound , then eh the way we did it , was that we recorded absolute timestamps in the t commands and we started the playback of this , ehh , of this audio file at a specific time using the add command , ehh , so so all the pipeline was set up , it takes some time to to start it and then the issue an at command to to run it with some delay or some rounded time and then you have to subtract this starting time . so - we do n't have that fully automated yet , but it is our current strategy of recording that- those files . and sangeet is collecting a nice like directory of various talks that we had here that have transcripts and we also want to eh do it with various ted talks for example . so you have to re-play the audio - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) you have to re- re-do the asr , then you get the timestamps , or you can also use forced alignment , ( b ) hmmmmm . ( o ) between the correct transcript and the sound , which will give you like true transcript with timestamps and then you can re-play it . so this is some of this has been done , we have achieved some of those things . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) some of these are only planned so we have not - ( b ) yeah , yeah , so instead of word by word you want to know exactly , how long each word takes to say . ( o ) yeah , kind of the - ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ok . ( o ) it is not , is not because we want to be this precise in terms of words , but it is more important to to have , ehh , the measure of delays between words . so when people stop talking \u2013 ( b ) yeah . ( o ) you still want to finish the output . so that 's the current main issue that i see in the in the pervoice setup . when people stop talking . ( b ) sorry . what do you mean when people stop talking ? ( o ) when people stop talking - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) often the asr will have emitted this word , but the segmenter , which takes the sequence of nonpunctuated words , is still waiting for some more words to add a full stop . ( b ) hmm . ( o ) and \u2013 then the second speaker comes and - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) starts to talk about something completely different and these two parts get joined together in one into one sentence and that se- ( b ) wow . ( o ) sentence gets translated . so - ( b ) wow , ok , so really - ( o ) this is something that definitely want to avoid . ( b ) so really , the pause is a clue , that you should just put a , put a full stop there . ( o ) yeah , yeah . but there is no way to , to feed it to the current pipeline . because the , well , the the asr system we could , we could put a wrapper around the asr system , which would have its time monitoring and then emit an extra full stop . maybe that is something , sangeet , that we should do like to - ( s ) ( b ) mmmm , guys , you 've got , you saying you 've got this asr log , but you would like to , you better just try to figure , how to replay the log into the system . ( o ) the , we have the , to replay the log that 's easy , so we do this . we would have a screw , which replays the log . ( b ) yeah , ok . ( o ) so we , we have a small but growing data set , which was serve as the test set . so that will be the regular test suit for for elitr and for , for the eurosai congress . now it is focused only on the asr , but will also add the translations , where we can and when we , for example re-do the asr on ted talks , then we have already the translations from the subtitles from ted talks , so then that will be the ideal set up that ebrahim is now working on . so ebrahim , am i right that ted talks is or khan academy , right ? which , which there , which is actually the same thing . ( o ) you , you are probably muted or we can not hear you , ebrahim . ( b ) i think , think his microphone is not working . ( o ) yeah the microphone is not working probably or - yeah . but anyway , yeah , just just indicate yes or \u2013 i think , i think we - i think we used khan academy or we have planned to use khan academy . ( b ) ok , to generate the appropriate data for these measurements . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) ok , ok , yeah . ( o ) so the , our real intention- oh , he is in now . ( b ) yeah , he is . ( o ) my- mine - yeah . my- mine real intention behind this sltf is to have the measure , which is also applicable to human interpreters , so i want to see the same number- ( b ) oh , ok . ( o ) style of numbers - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) where the emission timestamps is when the interpreter has pronounced the word , and we are also trying to gather data , where there is some input speech , the correct transcript of that , interpretation , transcript of that interpretation , eehh - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) and also text based translation of the original thing . ( b ) ok , ok , so that 's \u2013 was that your interest , your interest as in european parliament . because as part of that doesn \u2018 t it ( o ) yes , exactly , so parliament has part of that . for some years there is , there is maybe in both of that . ( b ) yeah , i do n't think they took , they don \u2019 t take transcription of the interpreters , is that right ? ( o ) but they have the recordings of the interpreters for some years . ( b ) they would have the recordings , yeah . ( o ) and , and then we are not quite sure if these , these were shifted in time , eh . so , what we would have to , like , double check or , or maybe do the evaluation with the slightly moving it around to see how the result differ . so there is some uncertainty , how delayed were the interpreters , but i would like to have the same type of measure for our systems and for interpreters . and i , i can see , that there are , be very like the style differences in , in what they do , the interpreter would have huge lag , but much better precision and obviously the , the recall is something which is dis- like unclear . they can be bad on recall and they can be good on the recall so this is , ehh - ( b ) hm , hm . and the , and the erasure is a bit difficult to assess as well , because they do , do that probably - ( o ) they do n't . ( b ) no , they do n't ? ( o ) i ha- noticed . ( b ) hm , not sure , oh yeah , do n't notice , ok . ( e ) so could you hear me now ? ( o ) yeah , sounds good . ( b ) yes , yes . ( e ) ok , so ok . about this european parliament , i think i sent one email to ondrej , has seen it ? i think i sent you on monday morning . ( o ) i \u2018 m not sure . yeah , more likely i \u2018 m not . yeah . ( e ) i can i - ( o ) yeah , so i am not , yes , yes that was the- ( ? ? ) number of six directories , yeah . so that was about the data set , so european parliament is probably the , that 's , that 's the best setup , where we have the original speech , then the correct transcript of that - ( e ) yes . ( o ) and then interpreter 's recording , ( e ) not recording . ( o ) including transcript . ( e ) only the transcript . we should do the forced alignment . ( o ) and we need to do forced alignment , ok , so - ( e ) exactly . ( o ) but we have the sound , so we , once we have the- ( o ) there are , ehh , i can not hear , actually . ( e ) we have this ok ( b ) i ca n't really understand it , ebrahim . ( o ) yeah , it 's , yeah , i think the connection is doing it . maybe if you switch off your video , maybe - ( e ) yeah , i will do this . ( o ) yes , so , ok , so , now try again . ( e ) is it better now ? ( o ) somewhat better . ( e ) is it that , ok so . about this , about this data set , we have the source , for example in english , we have transcript of it and the translation , transcript , only transcript . so if we want to create our asr timestamped transcript , we can do forced alignment , because there are some needed information about the starting and ending time of each person who talks , to we can and the time and asr we can evaluate translation of the , the reasons , the voice of the speakers - ( o ) the voice of interpreters . ( e ) interpreters , yes . ( b ) but it is not there . ( e ) no , it is not there . ( o ) but it , but i think this is what dominik said , it should be possible to get it from separate website . ( e ) maybe inside the data there are some parallel data set there , but if you because there are some directories for each language interpreted , one speaker talks in one language and they tries to translate it to , i think other 5 languages , and the final data . but maybe it gets from other website , ok , i 'll think - ( o ) ok , we need to , yeah , we need to talk to dominik again , because i think that he has discovered that there is a certain period of years in which - ( b ) hm . ( o ) which are also include in this euro file st . where there is not only the source side audio and corrected transcript but also the recordings of the interpreters . i would not expect to have correct transcripts of the interpreters - ( b ) no . ( o ) but we 're probably happy to do this , it is not to , like for for test ted size is not too big , it is not to ( ? ? ) getting . ( b ) yeah , cause it your translation , sorry . ( e ) for each in there , for each language we have transcripter for interpreters , but for the audio , i could n't find them . i do n't know . ( o ) ah , ok . so we have - ( e ) we have transcripts of interpreters . ( o ) hm , but we can not , so , so for the evaluation and , but now i do n't know , how to make sure that we understand , what you 're saying , ebrahim , because the connection is really bad . ( b ) ( e ) maybe it 's , maybe it 's my microphone , now it is better ? ( o ) now it is better . ( e ) i change it now . ok . ok , we have - ok , we have the transcripts of interpreters . so for example if the source is english , for other 5 languages we have translations as it , for example , when they start each sentence , when they start and when they ends . on the similar time . ( o ) so - ( e ) on the similar time in event to the source language . ( o ) but is it really - ( e ) i sent you some files . i sent you some files . ( o ) i 'll have a look at those files . ( b ) ok , i mean , we have - this translation in europal but understood they were not the same as the , what the interpreter said . yeah , the translations were done after , the fact - ( o ) yes , exactly , so we have to be very careful about this . yeah . ( b ) at least they are cleaned up , i mean , i am not sure - ( e ) it is - ( o ) so , eh , yes , so the speeches , speaker speeches \u2013 and ( ? ? ) president was ( ? ? ) and speeches - yes , so this must not be , i 'm sure that this is not the interpreters , because it is like line by line aligned . ( e ) translations , yes . ( o ) this is translations on the transcript . ( b ) hm , but even transcript - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) even the transcript is quite clean , isn \u2018 t it ? i mean - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) how close is it to a real transcript ? ( o ) i think it is clea- ehh , well , it is clean , but i think it is , it is \u2013 i think it 's close . we have not tried our asr on that yet , but - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) i think the people often reach their speeches , so i would not be surprised , if they really , really if they produce correct sentences . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( e ) you are right , i think . though maybe in other , because there are some other directories and if it can find something exactly that time happens , maybe we can do this parallel thing , but other directories not in the - ( o ) yeah , yeah . so this is exactly what we have to do . we have to align the interpreter 's sound with the intre- with , and then , and then create the transcript of the interpreters . and then we will see , how much the interpreted translation differs from the written translations , because i assume - ( e ) yes . ( o ) that these - ( b ) hm . ( o ) that these files , that we have so far , are written translation . so the , ehh , the only data set , where we are really going to have it very soon , will be for the purposes of audible self evaluation , will be the vgvet , the data from sao which wa- which we collected in june , and there we have student interpreters interpreting english into czech but these are student interpreters so there is again - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) little bit problem with that . and we have the transcript of the floor and the transcript of the floor is now being corrected , manually corrected , so we have the english source , ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) the corrected transcript , we will have , we , we , as soon as the transcript is , is finished , we will send it to translation agencies to translate it sentence by sentence , and we do already do have the interpretation by the student interpreters . and then we can compare . but this is , this is all like the , the data set particularities , but the important thing is that the tool should support this type of evaluation so - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) so ebrahim , if you could now summarize , what are the expected inputs to , to your tool . ( e ) hm , so i can ( o ) i did n't hear , the microphone , do the , the magic so the microphone works . ( e ) so , yeah , now microphone is working ? ( o ) yeah , it \u2019 s better - ( b ) hm . ( e ) ok . oh , yes . oh yes , we changed the microphone , sorry about that . ok , what we have now , what i need for our system is one transcript timestamp of the source language , something alike , for example says , for example a partial sentence , partial , partial , until it is complete . so we have the time off , for example something like window , when this part of sentence is started and when it \u2019 s ended . using this i can lose estimation on , then , for example , we expect the first second or third or until the end . words will appear in the translation . and i did one reference for , for the translation . and the output of machine translation system , which is similar to this timestamped transcript , but it is output of the system . so - ( o ) yeah . ( e ) i have something rather partial , but partial completed and using this i can calculate the delay on the data . ( b ) hmm . ( e ) for flicker and the quality , it 's crazy , because , ehh , after that , ehh , alignment sentence alignment , i can calculate the delay and flicker . is it about for delay , i am using the expected time of each working asr or , or just timestamped transcript file . ( b ) uhm , hmm . ( o ) so . ( b ) and yeah , you have an alignment based method , is that right for computing the expected - ( o ) yeah , the reason - ( b ) expected type - ( o ) to introduce the alignment the intro- so there is two types of alignments involved . one of them is the alignment of segments , because we do not assume , we do not require , ehh , the machine translation system , which is based on the asr output - ( b ) hm . ( o ) follow the same segmentation as the true transcript has . so there can be , there can be segmentation mismatches . ( b ) yeah , ok . ( o ) but then the quality has to be evaluated or what , what , we have two strategies , one of the strategies is that it would be aligned segment to segment - ( b ) hm . ( o ) the script that people use for this is the aachen mwmr - ( b ) mr , yeah . yeah . saw that , yeah . ( o ) we rely on that as well . and another option that we consider is to have like a maybe sliding window or an adjacent windows - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) of time and seeing if - so the cascade of the asr and mt is expected to say to which words these output words link to . and so like when was the original time when this target word was uttered in the source language . is that clear ? so , there is this original speech - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) words appear in some sequence - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) the asr has a little delay and some errors and then the machine translation shuffles those a lot but still - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) the machine translation emits a segment at some time it can be partial - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) or complete , but it emits some segment and from this we can , eh , eh , from the , eh , eh , we expect the , and the output to also say which portion of the input it connects to . ( b ) right , so you want , you want to basically to look at the output word and say , you want to try right back and say , which portion , when does this , this audio actually come out if you like - ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) and you have to do that using the giza alignment . ( e ) yes , exactly , because the alignment is the giza alignment we use it to this word alignment , for example if the verb , the term- , the interpreter can say , the verb is end of sentence , we give some a space for this delay , so we do n't consider the delay , if the interpreter could , because it do the word alignment also instead of this our system . ( o ) yeah , i 'm not sure we get anything from your message , like this is - ( b ) yeah , it 's a bit , i don \u2019 t know . ( e ) i \u2018 m sorry . ( o ) some , some is too - so this is - ( e ) sorry about that , maybe next time , ok . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so this is - ( e ) ok , next time , i mean - ( o ) use a different mic - ( e ) ok , sorry about that . i think , sorry , i have two or three microphone , but i think , maybe the kind i am using there is something it may breaks it . so could you hear me now ? ( o ) it is still the same . ( b ) it is quite distorted , yeah , or it 's , it 's choppy , i do n't know the right word . ( e ) ok . ( b ) it is chopped . ( o ) yeah , exactly , so - ( e ) ok , maybe i will write it . i can write it here . ( b ) ( o ) yeah , well , i think , let 's , so - ( b ) so - ( o ) the question is , what , what , what should we do together and what - ( b ) what should we do , well , i - yeah , i mean , i mean - you have - i would like to understand , what you 're doing . i supposed you sent me the part , that draft of the paper . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so i can have a look at and i see the code is there , em - i guess , what we are doing is probably a bit more limited , we are trying to do it in more , in a lab setting , when we 're looking at ways of playing around with the decoder and see what effect that has . but then - ( o ) but that 's , that 's very important as well , so i think we - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) we are starting at the end and you are proceeding forward , so we would just need to link . ( b ) yeah , cause , i , i mean , i started back last year sort of trying to look at what 's happening to the whole system , but there was a lot of frustrations with not knowing really how it fits together and then having problems with timestamps and so on , em - so , i mean , i suppose one of the things was wondering if you \u2013 and you said you were n't really sure about this \u2013 do you have insights as to what , what people actually want when they talk about latency , but you said you can \u2019 t , it is difficult to separate that from the user interface which is - ( o ) yep . ( b ) i mean , you can imagine these two things , this , there is one is like they want the words to come out quickly , but the other is they want things to be kind of even . so it should n't be like some words come out really quickly and then there is a bit of pause and then \u2013 more words come out . or maybe not , i am not really sure , but it 's probably quite good a bit - you know , you know , you have the idea of progress bar , and if your progress bar sticks , so that 's really bad because you want your progress bar to be making smooth progress . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( b ) and maybe the tests you do , do this . i am not really sure , but these are what , as you say , these are things that the user interface can do some fakery here probably , and make it look like something is happening or may- ( o ) yeah , i would \u2013 that 's , that 's an- ( b ) may- maybe it can \u2019 t , i do n't know . ( o ) but thats an option , but i would like to le- let 's avoid the fakery , because there - ( b ) ( o ) for success for fakery , you first have to have a clear idea what you want to show , and i do n't think that , that we are at that position . ( b ) i , i do n't really suggesting that we ca n't , that we should do this , but i am saying that this - ( o ) this is what microsoft does often . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) for example the smooth scrolling which , which for me makes excel values bland anymore , because i am so distracted by this scrolling so - ( b ) i , i , i , i , i never use excel so i do n't - ( o ) yeah , yeah . so answer , so do so do n't i , so there is one more reason for that now and - so we had a call with chiara today and - ( b ) oh , yeah . ( o ) she insisted \u2013 well she was happy to , to keep the older system as real time as possible . so to minimize any delays and avoid any caching in the presentation , ehh , part which , ehh , because we want to avoid caching . but at the same time from her experience and from pervoice experience they say , that it is better to wait like two , three seconds and deliver a stable output , and they do it for the deaf people , because these do not know when is something being said . so then they do n't realize - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) that there is a delay i think and this is pretty different from people , who see what is , what is being like - ( b ) hmmm , mmm , mm . ( o ) see also if you - ( b ) yeah , ok , so you , if you - if you listen to the audio and you are waiting for something to come up in the screen , yeah , that 's , that could be annoying - ( o ) that- that 's annoying , exactly . ( b ) if you ca n't hear the audio , then whatever - yeah , does n't - ( o ) then \u2013 yeah , and if you do n't understand the language , then also the delay is good for you , it does n't bother you , but if you do understand the source , but not quite , so you need - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) some , some kind of assistance , then this caching in your brain or uncaching , that 's something , which is very hard to do - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) like realizing , what i 've heard a second ago in language that i do n't quite speak , and , and , what i if it is , if it 's - just a second then it fits into the same time frame - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) of the brain but , but if it , the delay is longer , then you can not really recover the , the meaning ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so there is very different use cases , ehh , a- ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and they do not seem so different , if you first describe them , but then , if you really sit in them , then you realize , how , how different setting is . so that 's why i would , ehh , like leave the , ehh , presentation as a totally separate topic . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) ehh . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and , ehh , there 's further issue is like , how much of content can you show . and this is again something that we are like discussing with - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) chiara , because they have the subtitle idea and we have this experimentation that some of the systems , ehh , some of the language pairs and given particular set of mt systems would introduce too much resets or like total , ehh - ( b ) total rewrites . ( o ) total rewrites of these , ehh- ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) of these - ( b ) ok . ( o ) two lines . whereas this total rewrites are not harmful , if it 's , if it 's rewriting the middle of a paragraph , you do n't bother , you , you just like the , the stable top remains there , so you have some- ( b ) ok . ( o ) thing to rely your eyes on and you know , what has changed . ( b ) yeah , yeah , it 's not realy hard to measure , was n't it ? yeah , but that - ( o ) it 's , it 's , well , you just have the log file , so the , i like the simplicity of the google paper - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) because they , all they have , is this event log and they record what happens when , and then ehh - ( b ) hmmm , mm . ( o ) eh like , i like your observation that they \u2019 re conflated flicker and latency . i have n't realized that . i liked when you said that , in previous call , i did n't know where that comes from , but since they count the the word as , as if it has appeared only once it \u2019 s stable , then i understand that it increases the latency . ( b ) hm . ( o ) so , so - ebrahim , this is something the we should really make sure we do differently , because we have a number of different types of evaluation and at this point i am not fully sure that we have the right ones , ehh , ehh - ( b ) yeah , that - ( o ) ( b ) i mean from what ? ( o ) so and - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) from what you \u2019 re saying about the use cases , it 's not really clear , what the right one is , so having lots of measures , is actually quite good but - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) we have to understand what they mean . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so the way i see it , is that we should finalize sltf and actually test it on the data , which is something which has not - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) ehh , yeah - which is something , which has not , ehh , has been done yet , so maybe there was like one file , so ebrahim is testing it for bugs , but not yet testing for - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) for the numbers he is emitting . and i think that , ehh , we simply want the , now the set up , which is also the , the basis of the addable selfie task and - ( b ) uhm . ( o ) the basis is , that you have the sound in the source language , which is english and - ( b ) hm . ( o ) you are showing timestamped mt outputs , partial and complete sentences , and each of these mt outputs is labeled with the emission time , when the user saw it - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and it 's also labeled with the timestamp 's start and end of the of the source audio , to which input sequence of or to which input , ehh - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) stamp or sound it refers . ( b ) but sorry , so which \u2013 so in the task , one of the the users are given the audio , is that , just the audio , is that right ? and they have to produce this mt output . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) sorry , they 'll have the audio with the timestamps , and they 'll have to use the mt output which also have has timestamps or what do they have to , have to add to it ? ( o ) what , so they are getting as the input the audio and they are expected to produce target language text . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) the minimum style of evaluation is that they simply emit one full text with no updates , just junk and without any timestamps . that will , that is the basis of the doc , it 's , it 's nonnative s- focused on nonnative , eh , eh - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) spoke language translation , so there the , the ( bleh ) score and standard things like that for the whole thing will be the core measure , but if they can \u2013 we would - and our protocol suggest them to do it - we would really like to get the translation in parts . ( b ) hmm . ( o ) as many parts as they like , indicating , which of these parts are stable and which are just partial updates - ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) and for each of such message , that comes from the mt output , the message should be labeled with the source time and end time , start time and end time , ehh - ( b ) uhmm , uhmm . ( o ) which span of input , this tran- this output of the translation refers to . and also the emission time . ( b ) also they have to do the giza alignment then ? ( o ) yes . ( b ) ok . ( o ) they do n't have to do the giza alignment . ( b ) no ? ( o ) because they , they had , it depends on their systems , but if we are participating ourselves , which i am afraid that we could be the only participants , but anyway - if w- if we participate ourselves - ( b ) will you win then ? ( o ) then we have the asr , we have this sentence segmenter , the sentence segmenter , ehh , knows where was the first word in terms of time of the sentence , and where was the last word of the sentence , so the - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) segmenter emits the sentence labeled with timestamps and then the machine translation just copies these timestamps . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so the , the sentence gets shuffled - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) there is some word or- word order changes , whatever is necessary , but the claim is , that this sentence is a translation of this sound . ( b ) right , so , it 's gon na be some continuous chunk of audio - ( o ) yes , yeah . ( b ) as converted to a sentence . ah , ok . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) but they do n't have to align within that . ( o ) yes , yes . ( b ) no , that 's , that 's what the evaluation does , it figured out exactly - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) within that - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) what 's alike , yeah . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( o ) and then there we have two options . one is based on the order alignments by giza and another one is something , ehh , which only uses the timestamps and like expands it , as like a border , where the words can also land and then , it it kind of assumes that the word , that the reordering was not too wild , but this is , i do n't - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) like that much , but ebrahim prefers - ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) this , which is simple . ( b ) it 's like a distortion limit , is n't it ? ( o ) yeah , like the distortion limit at the boundaries of sentences . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) could you hear me now ? ( o ) it 's still the same , but ( e ) because , i , ok . ( o ) yeah . that 's unfortunate , it 's still the same . ( b ) mmm . ( e ) now ? is it better ? ( o ) so i think - ( b ) so - ( o ) so how to proceed . we 'll simply proceed on our own - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) with the data set preparation - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) which , as i said , means to collect various a- slt systems run on audios , where we also have the correct transcript and we also have the reference translation and ideally , where we also have the reference interpretation and then - ( b ) hm . ( o ) then we can compare how the system differs in these measures compare to the , to the human interpreter - ( b ) uhm , hm . ( o ) so that 's the , that 's the long term plan . ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and long term in the sense , that we do n't need the humans to , ehh , to , we do n't need the human data now , we only need for the addable selfie task , we only need the measure and the mt outputs , but not yet the comparison with humans . ( b ) uhm , uhm . ( e ) microphone , is it ok now ? ( o ) no . so it 's probably the - it could be the sound card or the connection , maybe the , the connector of the microphone or if you , or if you can switch to the built-in microphone , then maybe also better , i do n't know . but that was - actually no , it was it was bad already with the , with the with the built-in microphone . i remember that you were - ( e ) i can not change the built-in microphone in this program because - ( o ) so cou- ( e ) could that be i changed the font . unfortunately i , it does n't change in the ( pixie ) . ( o ) yeah , yeah . it could , it could it be that your machine is overloaded ? that the cpu is overloaded ? is the machine warming up ? ( e ) maybe it 's overloaded . ( b ) uhmm . ( o ) yeah , so , ehh , sss- i think that the , the best way to collaborate is , if you - ( b ) hm . ( o ) could also come up with , like some missions to the addable selfie tasks , not necessarily for the task , but just - ( b ) no . ( o ) the same style going from english into german and czech - ( b ) hmm . ( o ) separately , but using the incremental systems . and there we would use our measures and - ( b ) uhm . ( o ) we will see , how the incremental systems are better or worse in terms of the , the stability and delay , ehh , compare to the current pervoice style of set up . ( b ) yeah , that could be interesting , em . for the task , i assume , well , you need to produce asr for the task - ( b ) sorry . ( o ) and , and what you are saying is , that you , is that you do n't have any asr systems running ? ( b ) i wo n't , actually , we do n't have one running , we should have one but we don \u2019 t , em . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) is is the - ( o ) so sangeet can easily , sangeet can easily create this asr outputs for you - ( b ) do you have a , do you have a local company - ( s ) ( b ) do you have a local company to ( ? ? ) system ? ( o ) ehh , yes , sangeet has it . ( s ) yeah , we have about ( b ) is that easy to get ? ( s ) i can send you but ( ? ? ) them find some labels ( ? ? ) and it could be . it is easy , yeah . ( o ) so , ehh , maybe - ( b ) ok . ( o ) sangeet , sangeet , in your sound setting , is n't your microphone ( main ) set too high ? open your sound setting and try to , try to \u2013 i think there is , there is input input volume and maybe that slider , that \u2018 s too high . ( b ) mmm , all these people working in spoken language translation , they are n't very good with microphones ( o ) i know why , because - ( b ) ( o ) we keep playing with them and and all your - ( b ) ok . ( o ) settings are changed by different peoples - ( b ) no . ( o ) using the same machine , so whenever you get the machine - ( b ) ok . ( o ) it 's like totally misconfigured . ( b ) so there 's too much microphone experimentation going on - ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) over there , eeem . ( e ) ( b ) ok , so i see you did - ( o ) yeah , it 's probably better - ( o ) sangeet ? sangeet ? are you talking or not ? ( e ) if you hear me now ? ( o ) yes , ebrahim is still the same , i do n't know ( e ) ( o ) yeah , it \u2018 s too bad . ( b ) so let- yeah , i mean , the , this sounds interesting , emm . ( o ) so the deadline is the 17th of march , which is quite early . ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) ehh . ( b ) so , we , i mean , the situation we are in is that yael was finishing , basically in in a month or four weeks really . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) so we 're , we 're trying to sort of work at such a way , that we round things off a bit - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and then we 're not sure what 's gon na happen , em . ( o ) uhm . ( b ) em , so - but , yeah , potentially , especially , we have the asr outputs , we can run , em , run them through whatever we have and see how it looks , em . ( o ) and these , these models , do they expect sentences as the input or do they expect a window of words ? ehh , i assume - ( b ) i would be - ( o ) i am not the expert at punctuation , but - ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , so we \u2019 re - that 's right , is n't it , yeah , that you are working with - i mean , we put in prefixes , but , yeah , it \u2019 s , would be - ( o ) prefixes ? ok . so that 's the ideal set up , because we , what we have is the asr followed by a punctuation insertion and followed by something which we call online text flow events , crazy stupid name , but it creates sentence events , so to say , so that 's word events - ( b ) uhmmm . ( o ) come from . and the , ehh , it 's always every event is one either complete sentence or - ( b ) hm . ( o ) the last , the current last sentence , which is possibly incomplete - ( b ) yeah . yeah , so we are gon na feeding , i mean , i guess it goes from the start of the sentence to at a certain point - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) prefixes , to evaluate it - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) and yeah . ( o ) so if you , sangeet , if you could , if you could for all the files that we have now , and you do only english into what ? ( o ) what is your translation directions , barry ? ( b ) what are you trained yeal ? just check . ( y ) i do the english to german . ( o ) english to german . ok , that 's good , yeah . ( b ) yeah , yes . ( b ) it 's , it 's only trained on , em , smallish data like , what is it ( small speciality ) ( y ) to database the srt17 . ( b ) so yeah , but that , just the 300000 sentence from the - ( y ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . ( b ) so , but yeah , so , so far that 's what we 're experimenting with - ( o ) so , ehh , so how where does the stability of the search come from ? ( b ) the stability of the search ? ( o ) yeah , if you like - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) if you , if you are receiving - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) extending longer and longer prefixes - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) will your outputs be stable at the beginnings or will they also flick away ? ( b ) well , it depends . i mean , the , the idea , so it 's always a retranslation , em - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) so- sorry , it 's not , actually , it 's not really . it 's not real incremental mt , so it 's re-translation - ( o ) uhm . ( b ) em , and the idea of the bios beam search is just it 's kind of straight forward you have the prefix you translated last time , before you extend it , and you just add a small penalty to the - ( o ) yo . ( b ) to the probability , to the score provided by the translation system , which penalizes if it moves too far away from the previous prefix - ( o ) uhm , yeah . ( b ) and - ( o ) so - ( b ) i think - ( o ) so you should get a log from us , which will contain these prefixes - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) one after another , but - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) they will be sometimes interleafed also with the complete sentences , because , well , you will see ( b ) yeah . ( o ) hopefully you \u2019 ll still be able to like recover the sequence of growing prefixes - ( b ) hmm , hmm . ( o ) to introduce the penalty at the right points , and essentially if you send us back the exact same number of lines as the log had - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) except that the , the , it will be translated \u2013 ( b ) translated , yeah . ( o ) this is what we - ( b ) that 's what \u2018 s used to evaluate . ( o ) this is was we use to evaluate it . ( b ) ok . that should be possible , yeah . i think . ( o ) so , so , the good , the good setup for , the good thing about this is that we can very easily send it to any mt system , which will translate full sentences quite well , and these partial sentences it will probably round them off and introduce full - ( b ) hmmm , mmm . ( o ) stops and in that case your , your system would be , work better , ehh - so - ( b ) yeah w- yeah , yeah , i mean , i mean , yeah . i tried diversion of the system on prefixes and obviously , well , for english to german it does do better on the prefixes obviously , because it does n't try to make full sentences . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( b ) em . so . i think there were , the results from english to chinese were little different , but that 's still - yeah . i have n't figured that out yet , em . ( o ) so if , if tha- well , our evaluation asset is , is like it 's implemented , but it has not been tested yet , and we actually do not have sufficient different mt outputs - ( b ) ( tough ) ( o ) so having one of , one from your side would be , also , ee , ( helping ) . ( b ) ok . ( o ) we can also like copy pasted to whatever system are there , and then ebrahim can collect the numbers and we will see , how bad the situation is , because the segments do n't match the reference , so the the ( full ) set up is to only focus on lower- longer windows like half a minute - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) or things like that . and evaluate ( bleu ) score on this half a minute - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) translated - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) text , which is easy to recover from the log file , you will only - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) call that things , collect the translations and only take the final ones and - ( b ) so this is a general problem evaluating slt , because ( bleu ) expects segmented text and that 's ok , ok . ( o ) so , so , sangeet , if you simply could send all inputs that we have \u2013 you do n't need any \u2013 you may want to , to have also the audio just for , for your reference , so if you want the audio , barry , let us know - ( b ) ok . ( o ) it is , it is often our own presentations and it is not too big and - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . there should be the addable selfie depth set ready 11 days ago already , yeah , but i haven \u2018 t put that together yet - ( b ) but it 's not ready ( o ) it is almost ready , but not not fully . and , ehh , so that will be also another set of files , which have reference translations is into german and czech and source sound . and sangeet will provide it with the output , well , actually , do all the full log directories , so we have a log directory , which is at various steps of the pipeline . the output of the asr , the output of the punctuation insertion and the output of the sentence caching or sentences advancing - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) and the output of our mt as well , that 's , that 's so that you can also see what our mt is is producing there - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( o ) and you would take the sentence aligned or sentence event files and you would translate that so the sentence event files have already the correct number of , of , well , some number of lines and this number of lines is preserved in machine translation . ( b ) yeah . so it 's just a piece of text we translated and then , yeah . ( o ) yeah , what and some three numbers in front of that to be pasted in front of that as well - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) so you do n't change the timestamps in the translation . ( b ) yes , yeah . ( o ) yeah . so , sangeet , maybe you can directly send the , the last email , where you had this , you already had one , one such example that you sent to ebrahim recently , so simply send it to , to barry . that 's one file which you can already have a look at and if anything is not clear there , then sangeet can explain , or ebrahim can explain , or i can explain . and you will try translating it to german and seeing how that differs . and we also have the reference and not for this doc . so we do n't have yet the reference translations in a nice way and , yeah . ( b ) hmmm . ( o ) but we are getting there . ( b ) ok , yep , that \u2019 s , it sounds reasonable . ( o ) yeah . is there any chance that you would also train a big system , because right now you will be comparing relatively strong - ( b ) yeah . ( o ) english to german system with a weak one , which has better chance of of stability , so - ( b ) yeah , i see what you mean , em , yeah . i 'm not sure if we can . yeah , we , we talk about that , i 'm not sure which beca- as i say like because , yeah , yael finishes in like 4 weeks , i 'm just trying to i bring things to some conclusion , so - ( o ) yeah , so i think it would be - ( b ) it 's not like most things left hanging , so - ( o ) it would be probably better to to train a standard system on the very same training data that you have for the smaller one , so that you have two weak systems , one - ( b ) mmm . ( o ) is one with proper segmentation , one with the standard ( ? ? ) the less stable and the the more stable and - ( b ) mmm . ( o ) the translations that we are producing with the stronger systems would be only kind of reference point . ( b ) yeah , the bios beam search is only run , it is a translation time , so i mean , the system is , it 's a regular system and then you just change the beam search - ( o ) yeah . ( b ) em - ( o ) ehh - ( b ) so , it can be - ( o ) so , so , one , it - ( b ) so it can be run with them without bios beam search- ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , the one is like - ( b ) defini- and there is the parameter for how strong bios is , em - ( o ) so there is truly no chance , that you would have maybe someone else to add this to marian , because our system - ( b ) em , that 's , that 's unlikely , em \u2013 there is some rumour that it may get added to marian . i mean , basically , you know , microsoft get wind that this is useful , then it may end up in marian any way . hello , is everyone frozen ? ( e ) hey , ( b ) maybe just ondrej is . ( e ) yes , because i think there is a problem in ufal internet , because nothing at email is inaccessible , ufal internet , i - ( b ) ou . ( e ) think there is , yes , as i see , i think - ( b ) sangeet has come back , but ondrej is ( e ) yes , cause i - yes , even i can not open the ufal email . it is hard and maybe there are some problems inside the department as i see open it . ( b ) ok . ( e ) yes , now i can see the email , yes . ( b ) maybe it come back . ( e ) yes . ok , now i am sorry of the quality of the voice , because now i restarted everything on my computer - ( b ) i , is , is a little better , i mean , i can still hear some distortion - ( e ) ok , so . yes , yes , so the problem i , i run the email , the problem is , i think , on whatsapp , what 's the problem . ( b ) aaa , yeah , i mean , maybe we should just \u2013 let 's see , papapapapa . ( e ) the problem is on my , on my computer i have microphone i do n't , i can not see them , i just , i just have the default microphone on my computer . ( b ) i , em , yeah , it still sounds a bit distorted . i wonder maybe we should , if , if ondrej is not coming back , maybe we leave the call just now , i can add some notes about the last question into the google document . ( e ) yes , ondrej is coming , but now , no he is frozen , yes . ( b ) yeah , he 's frozen . ( e ) yes , i think , what is in the ufal internet because , yes , our website , ufal internet has problem also , now i am not there , i am not in czech republic yet . ( b ) yeah . ( e ) now i came back to iran and yes , the problem is - ( b ) yeah , yeah . and sangeet is silent . ( e ) sangeet , do you hear us ? ( b ) right , i think , i think , we should , we should leave it just now , cause it 's not , i am not - ( e ) ok . ( b ) hearing people , i ca n't hear sangeet , actually . ah , let me make a couple of notes on the google doc and - ( e ) ( b ) oh , oh , wa- it is a matter of ebraham . ( s ) can you hear me ? it is sangeet . ( b ) i can hear you now , yeah . ( s ) ok , yes , i was saying there are some tests , testing going on , guys are , it guys are doing some test thats why we went out of connection , so maybe ondrej needs - ( b ) ok , i got a , i got a mail from ondrej , so , yeah , ok , so , he add summarizes , ok , maybe we just leave that now and i will write some notes to google doc . ( s ) yeah , exactly . and i propose ebrahim to write to what he meant to say in the google doc and later on if you proposes to explain . ( b ) ok . ( s ) oh , yeah . ( b ) ok . alright . ( s ) ehh , and - ( b ) thank you everyone . oh , sorry . ( s ) barry , e , e- do you want me to send the , the directory or file , using which you could run the english asr , it 's english asr , do you want ? ( b ) yeah , i mean , if you have the english text , we can run that through , translate that - ( s ) no , no , no , i am asking , so actually i have the audio and i have the system to transcribe the- those audio , so do you want those , the directory or the ( giza asr ) system to run on your system ? ( b ) em , yes , we would like that , but it 's not \u2013 i mean , yes , at some point , yeah , we would like that , em . ( s ) alright , ok . ( b ) yeah . ( s ) i did n't , em , i just , i 'm gon na send you the file , which on the ( side ) have the timestamp and mt output and outputs in the different stages of ( file ) , alright . ( b ) yeah . ( s ) so the , that 's all from me . ( b ) ok . ( b ) ok . ( b ) alright ( e ) ok , so i think , there is problem , so we can say goodbye now . ( b ) yeah . yeah . ( e ) ok . sorry ( b ) ok . ( e ) i have bad luck today . ok , so have a good evening and sorry about these problems happened from my side and just , and i promise one - ( s ) i think it is clear now after - ( b ) ( e ) i think if it \u2019 s clear , do you want to , do you want this more information about the segmentation ? we have to of segmentation , first ideas is using time and aachen university . ( b ) ok , your audio , your audio is going again . ( s ) yeah . ( e ) maybe later , later i will , i will more information from me . ( s ) yeah , yeah \u2013 ( b ) ok . ( s ) exactly , yeah . ( e ) ok . ( b ) ok , thank you . ( s ) thank you , thank you , barry . ( e ) thank you very much . ( y ) thank you . ( s ) thank you , thank you to everyone . ( b ) bye . ( s ) bye bye . ( b ) bye . ( s ) bye bye .", "tgt": "ebrahim had problem with connection and could n't fully join the discussion , but heard that . discuss evaluation of latency . the paper was little bit confusing in terms of their evaluation , there are several different input and output variables . bios beam research is quite useful , it stops the output from flickering , but it needs a bit more testing . main difference between the way we approach things and papers approach things , is that we have really asr with time stamps in milliseconds and not words . explain details and current strategy about time stamps . important is measure of delay between words . to introduce the alignment is one of the strategies that it would be aligned segment to segment , and another option consider to have like a maybe sliding window or an adjacent windows . consider putting wrapper around the asr system , which would have its time monitoring and then emit an extra full stop . discuss data set from european parliament and other work with that . deadline is on 17th march . evaluation asset is implemented , but it has not been tested yet . sangeet will send created asr output to barry ."}
{"src": "( a ) hi . ( b ) hello , jan and sebastian . hi . ( a ) it 's only me i have to change , sorry . ( b ) ( ? ? ) yeah , okay , yeah , never mind . so hi jan . so have you seen my requests , or the e-mail to consider a work-package leadership ? ( a ) um , yes , so we can - uh so yeah . sorry . we are both , some not there in the office today the speak , so it is little bit - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) busy . so i \u2019 ll be also - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) a little bit late with writing um so i think one problem was data might be the ( ? ? ) we do n't have . um , person-months in there ? ( b ) well , th- so this is or s- so - so i do not know , what is your status of person-months , like whether whether you have full already reached to what seems a reasonable , or whether you - ( a ) i i still had n't but you can add more , that 's of course great . the problem was that we also - um , i mean , we very few and associate mt yet . because we had to put s- quite some on on asr . ( b ) uhm . ( a ) because nobody else is doing it . we would like to do more on on the other 3 tasks slt , mt and - but of course , we are somehow limited . um , if you want , i mean , that 's because we were already involved in 4 work-packages like asr , mt , slt and the um minuting . ( b ) yeah . i do n't think that that should be a problem . ( a ) okay , yeah . i mean , but we have to , yeah . but i am so - but if you want , i guess , we could also lead that . all we could w- lead , um , um , um . ( c ) um , last 1 , the minuting . ( c ) ( d ) hi everyone . ( b ) yeah , yeah . hello . hello . okay . so uh , well , we 'll we 'll discuss this jan in in the 2nd also was a was uedin because i also have n't heard from rico on this . so i think we are all because dario is not going to join today and also a s- sao is not going to join the call , although they have created this gotomeeting for us . and by the way , the gotomeeting is being recorded . so it \u2019 s this is for the exercise of of the minuting to have some some recordings . so i hope , you are all okay with this and thanks for coming and welcome . and so as you see , the the agenda in the google doc has has grown a bit . have you ? - do do you see my screen , or not ? ( a ) yes , we see your screen . ( b ) yes , okay . yeah , yeah , that 's good . uh , so uh , so the first point is an update on sao status . that 's like the official way of of of their involvement in the project , and we are discussing this and and we are in contact with the contact points and and all that . uh , so in the b part it seems that they should be at least for now list- be listed as a as a partner . but in the actual application they will be the 3rd party linked through us and the - so they will the the the current idea is that they will have a few person-months in various places , but they will actually paid this person-months for themselves . uh so the person-month will be included in our total afterwards , like officially on the outside . and we will not the request all the- the corresponding money , uh , uh , because their part will be deducted uh . so that 's so that 's why the the the proposal in the in the - yeah , the the budget draft this this google spread-sheet , as we know , slightly changed . so the thing that we we need to make below 3 million is only in column p. if you see that . so there 's requested your contribution and requested keep your contribution is somewhat lower than the total total estimated eligible costs , and that 's because the the sao line will be then eventually merged with with our line , but it will uh , the money will come from sao and not from us . so this is the current this is the current status . from the technical point of view , we should probably treat them as as standalone partner contributing rather few person-months . and the responsibility that this happens is on us because they are linked through us . okay . so then , the other thing is something , that i need to discuss a probably only with uedin and karlsruhe . and that 's the leadership of work-packages . because sao are like not not a standalone , not a full partner here . uh , they can not lead the work-package on data . uh , so i thought , that it it would be the good that one of the research partners , uh , does this . and uh , we are responsible for the multilingual mt and management and for now for minuting as well . uh , and so the like we have data and minuting kind of available , uh , for karlsruhe or uedin , or we can do it as as well , but - yeah so uh , yeah , s- so i do not know if uedin has any opinion on this ? ( c ) so i i think it would make more sense if charles university keep the minuting part because you also i - ( b ) ( ? ? ) . ( c ) you 've minuting that and you have the concept , you have the most involved in there . ( b ) yeah . ( c ) i mean , you to - it 's okay , to have the data work-package either us or karlsruhe ( ? ? ) . i think that karlsruhe what their what their position is - ( b ) yeah , so i 've talked to \u2013 yeah , jan jan please , said that \u2019 s say that . ( a ) so yeah , of course you \u2019 re most of it , so we can also keep the minuting otherwise since the k- edinburgh and more on on data . i would have suggested that uedin does data and we do minuting but i 'm fine with anything else too . ( b ) okay . yeah , so that 's that 's very flexible . thank you . so i would suggest indeed that uedin takes the data , and then we or karlsruhe we will do minuting . and we will see like - it 's not it 's not very important actually . so i 'll check the involvement and plan involvement of karlsruhe . and if it 's uh , if the involvement is really imbalance and if there is totally us in the end when the numbers are polished , it 's probably better if we we keep that . but if if it 's like a - we c- we can have the majority of person-month . but still , if it is if it 's kind of comparable , then it would be okay also to the to to give it to to karlsruhe . okay . so ricco , the main question - the uedin will lead data is that okay ? ( c ) yes . ( b ) yeah , thank you . okay . and then the next bit is the involvement of everybody in the integration work-package . so dario is traveling and that 's why he is not available in this call today . and the the the overleaf is is not very easily editable for him . so we agreed that for the work package 6. uh , there is the separate google document for now . and that 's where he 's is describing the the work package and our part , then to pour this to the overleaf . so so this is the ( ? ? ) document for integration . and it \u2019 s important , that everybody will check this document and c- provide the input to to dario . and this should be finished tomorrow . so dario , is is like accessing this document every now and then , and he plans to have the complete draft ready tomorrow . so everybody , please check this and contribute to this . the most important parts are these missing bits . ( ? ? ) task 6.2 as now proposed the integration was the unified communication platform . and this is something that alfaview and pervoice have to discuss like directly with each other . so they know there are technical preferences and and constraints and and all that . and from like the management or the user point of view it \u2019 s if someone is is using the alfaview teleconferencing thing , there would be simply some like to translate this for me or interpret this for me and the subtitle ( ? ? ) . and technically , there will be some link between alfaview and and pervoice and it has to be created at some point during the project . so there is the disk my understanding of what the unified communication platform is . and my understanding is that this unified communication platform is only for the online meetings . for the life meetings that 's w- something , that dario put now into the uh , the last task , which is the sao events and in and the the publishing platform . so the idea is that the there at the conference or at the workshop , there will be the microphones and that the signal we gathered and translated somewhere and then it has to be delivered to the participants in a subtitles . and that 's the publishing platform , this this delivering the subtitles to the uh , to the users . and that can be anything on cell phones , so - so i 've i 've been trying to persuade dario to have the separate . so that we would be have one task on the platform del- development and another task on the actual presence of the technical people at these events to to debug the thing as as it is running . if dario ( is ) fine , that will have actually five tasks and and not have four and if if he is strongly opposed , then this task will probably be merged , or there is another option to like merge this publishing platform into this unified communication platform . and i do n't know , what is what is better . so this this this is for alfaview and pervoice to discuss directly and i 'm happy to join that the communication , but mainly all the decisions will be on on you . so if alfaview can confirm that they are a- a- aware of this and they will try to get in touch with dario and we could have a separate call tomorrow on this . i do not know , what is your availability a- alfaview . ( d ) i think we can coordinate , yeah , we can coordinate that . uh , maybe not tomorrow , you know . ( b ) uhm . ( d ) but we 'll , yeah , we 'll figure it out . ( b ) yeah . so another thing , which is very much related to this , is the integration of the minuting . and that is something , where we also need to be present . so that 's task , which is now planned as task 6.3 and i estimated that this would be the 2nd and 3rd year of the project because ( thursday ) of the minuting obvious to has to be a created . and there are some milestones related to this , that the actual summarization offer should be expected only in the middle of the 2nd year or something like that . so there is like a half year uh , uh , uh had or ( slack ) time at the beginning . so that alfaview can create what they need . so that 's - yeah , this is this is also something that that we should discuss and if you can i would prefer to to have at least short meeting tomorrow because well , time is really running up and we need to to write the text that the describes what we are going to do . so what we should agree on those things very early . so that but that 's something that w- yeah , alfaview and and pervoice and us have to have to talk about primarily . and then uh , um , below for the below is what dario proposed under the title deliverables . and he listed just the months and the titles . and i suggested to have few deliverables here . so this is important for like all the partners because that the integration . um , and i s- i suggest to have the uh , the first engine integrated only as a milestone , not as a deliverable . then the preparatory event should be also a milestone as as i see it . there , for the publishing platform i would actually make it a deliverable , which is a software and report . but i do not have this confirmed from dario yet . and then the unified communication platform is the link between alfaview , pervoice and then like s- s- remotely also all us , but we are like hidden . we are we are behind the the pervoice wall . and i think that this could be probably a milestone only , but it could be also the deliverable ( ? ? ) a report like a software delivered . so it 's that 's - that 's is this is something that the alfaview and pervoice have to agree on . and then the the eurosai event . that 's the e- that 's the main conference . i 'm uh , uh , considering to to make it the deliverable actually . maybe later , with some slack time after the after the actual conference . so there will be a task , the task which is no . 6.3 i 6.4 i believe . there would be for all the partners to attend the conference , well , rather the servers-room during the conference time and and hack and fix whatever is needed to to give a smooth performance of the systems . and then i would suggest that this deliverable would some months later , should describe what has been done . and part of this as a digest could have a formal journal paper , like that we have delivered this automatic interpreting and and how all that worked . so does this make sense to to do the research partners ? and also to well , pervoice is not here , but to to alfaview for the dissemination purpose for example ? does this make sense ? ( d ) yeah , this this makes sense . okay , so i have to activate my microphone all the time but - yeah . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah . sorry . yeah , okay . so i 'll we 'll see whether dario likes this as well and hopefully you will . so that 's that that would be a deliverable associated with the eurosai congress . and then there is what i would make a milestone . the the automatic minuting integrated with a platform . and so i 'll say that that 's a first version . and the reason is , that still the tasks on the development of the minuting are running even after this month 28 . so that 's why i expect that there would be like a final version of closer towards the end of the project . but i know that time aspect and at that time of the project already . so so this is something which i put in - the first version of is something that i put into the brackets there and i might actually remove it . and for the other events that we will have after the eurosai conference , i suggest that we have again report so deliverable , that will describe how this run . and but that would not be like probably that much publicity needed towards that , because this would be smaller meetings and we still need to learn from the experience . and and like collect the the user complains and collect technical issues that we encountered and and propose fixes which what 's for month 32 , which should hardly will fixed be the ( ? ? ) of the service at the end of the project . so please , everybody and especially alfaview contribute to this . the involvements , the number of person-months - it is the uh , like everybody should have person-months in for example , the integration of us . so the first month , should not go into this google doc . please put the person-month into the the overleaf or or 3d overleaf tentative in this in this respect , until this is merged in . and that should happen over the weekend hopefully . so hopefully most of this document will be finished tomorrow and i can merge it to the overleaf over the weekend . so that 's the that 's the inform integration work-package . and now lets us move to overall proposal . so the the big thing is the project name . and i 've asked also other colleagues , but not too many . so i i i invite you to ask around as well because we have now two names with like general p- general preferences on on them . and one of them is the inmitra and the other one is the elitr . european live translator . yeah , i \u2019 m i \u2019 m undecided . so yeah , ask around if you have any strong opinions . i think both names are are good . uh , yeah . any any opinions how to proceed ? ( c ) i think both acronyms ( sound ) fine , but ( ? ? ) spell it out european live translator has a nice origin and - ( b ) yes , yeah , yeah , yeah . elitr has a nicer content , spelled-out version . yeah , so the problem of elitr is being too similar to litter is not . if if we pronounce elitr , then that it is okay i think . so there is there is now slide chief like a - at least in my head towards elitr so i 've - we might end up as as elitr . okay . ( c ) e-litter it 's it 's it 's it 's - ( b ) e-litter , yeah . e-litter it 's close - ( c ) ( ? ? ) to litter . ( b ) yeah , that 's right . yeah , yeah , yeah . so , so we will probably have this . okay , so now , the next point is that every work-package leader should present the respective work-package . okay ? where 's commanding ( whole thing ) . yeah . yeah , yeah there is the pronunciation . so i would like now to ask every work-package leader to present their work-package and now will run into the problem , that we are not quite decided , who is going to lead which work-package . so the the best way to look at work-packages in our ( commitment ) is to look at these compact tables . and that 's why we prefer to have the proposal organized this way . so the 1st work-package is on data and it was supposed to be led by sao but this is now changing . it could be us or it could be uh , uedin . and i 'm happy to present it at the beginning . and the the person-month that i \u2019 ve put here , i think i \u2019 ve put also , like the first month for for other research partners in and and for sao myself . so that treat these numbers , it \u2019 s very tentative and and consider any updates and do any updates in the overleaf as as you like . so overall this work-package , well , there \u2019 s one more thing the , that may be to give you an overview . we have a picture . you might not have noticed , but we have a picture of the projects structure and that picture of fairly reflects this . this is the picture . it says , that that data provides input to all the research work-packages and then their researcher of work-packages the asr , mt contribute to slt and asr contributes to minuting and data also contributes the minuting and the work-package of integration somehow get there \u2019 s all the results from these work-packages . i may did this in-explicit because the asr will also be directly use in the integration . some people would like maybe to see just the english subtitles without any translation and we are deliverabilitly not very specific about the machine translation service that we are delivering like for text documents . that that \u2019 s something that is boring to do and in the worst case we we can do it but we can \u2019 t of rely also on the ( ? ? ) of the european a translation ( facility ) run by ( dgt ) that we will rather provide technology to them and and leave the translation on them . so this is a - there is no deployment of the translation service planned in the in the project . but there is research plan th- r- research plans . and the work-package dissemination , then publicizes all these results from the work-packages and the management like ( stands ) on the side and and check that everything proceeds mostly . so now let \u2019 s move to the work-package on data . and then the next one will be karlsruhe presenting the the planned task in the work-package on on asr . so within data , i 've created tasks for data for speaker and accent adaptation . so here , the idea is that we will record re-speakers and process this data and create the training data set . and and then the asr work-package will use this data set . and we will also transcribe the data that we need to to transcribe . so for example , if we know who where be the main speaker at the conference , we can get some of his old speeches and transcribe these and does get data for the speaker adaptation . so this is this is task , where the main partner should be karlsruhe because they know how to process the data . but we will for example , a- approaches the the equipment to the the recordings and for for the re-speakers . and pervoice will probably do the same , if uedin would like al- also to have some of the re-speakers , then like coming from their side , then they they might at the themselves . there is one related thing , so let me jump ahead in the agenda , in the google sheet . there is this there is this budget s- the the ( surge ) sheet in this in this google document . it \u2019 s like a collection of hours and a number of speakers that we would like to record data from . that \u2019 s for the adaptation purposes . and also the number of speakers or re-speakers , that we want to have a present at the conferences and workshops to actually do the re-speaking . and i \u2019 ve added only some for czech and some for english and i actually forgot to include the english for the purpose of of sitting at the conference . so i would like to ask especially karlsruhe to to add any lines for them . if they need to uh , if they need to uh , record some specific persons and if they want to uh , if you want to us to do it like so that it goes through our budget that \u2019 s also possible . so like then uh , then en- enter us as as having the people in and here in in the comments say that like this is for karlsruhe experiments have or whatever . so so we can do the the recording for you because we probably will need the the re-speakers primarily in prague . but you may have specific ideas , like how many hours do you need per person . these numbers are now based on the estimates that dario provided me with . and dario is also dario als- should also put here , some some lines for for pervoice here because they also want to focus on italian , so there will be some speaker adaptation for italian as well . and one more thing . if you decide to actually run the the recording at your side , is that the preferably , the speaker should also be recorded in a ( jan ) in the re-speaking session because then the voice is different fr- due to the pressure and that \u2019 s put on the speaker . so so uedin and karlsruhe , please , consider , how many hours do we need in the project . and how many hours do do you want to record yourself . if you do not want to record yourself , then say , that we should do the recording . and this will give us the total number of person-months . this is the number of hours , which is something that the asr people should check , whether this is sufficient or - well , this this is a this is for also the attendance of the conferences . so for the for the adaptation you should check whether these numbers are sufficient . and for the number of person-month per partner , this is something which contributes to the budget . so then this is the number that w- i will add or or you will add to the data work-package uh , and uh , this will then get po- propagated to the number of a number of hours here and that will like a contribute to the budget . okay . so it \u2019 s that clear ? uedin and and karlsruhe ? ( d ) yes . ( c ) yeah ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , okay , thank you . ( d ) sorry ondrej , just one general question about the ( data operation ) - ( b ) yeah . ( d ) is whether we need . whether we we need to have it as a personal ( ? ? ) subcontracting but yet . as we were yeah , we were thinking about the translations test sets but - ( b ) um-hum . ( d ) could apply to the the speaker . ( b ) yeah , uh , i don \u2019 t - ( d ) ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , i do not have any opinion on this . so i think that subcontracting is covered as well . it \u2019 s probably just a different the box in the in the proposal . so more - ( d ) so i think you should you should ( ? ? ) have proposal time . i - ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( d ) and we were very . ( ? ? ) not really ( ? ? ) subcontracting ? and respect we - ( b ) yeah . ( d ) difficult you want add subcontracting ( ? ? ) , that \u2019 s not really possible . probably - ( b ) yeah , yeah , exactly . ( d ) in personal ( ? ? ) possible ( ? ? ) . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so for us for us is it \u2019 s probably easier as personal up front because we can handle this we do handle the the number of annotators , that large numbers of annotators anyway . so so we have these short-term contracts with them and the university is already like not happy , but i can sum to that . so they they do it for us . if you if you yourself would like to have this subcontracts , then in this table uh . ( c ) i i think we pro- produce any re-speaker data selves and but - i think we talk about who creates as a test sets . i think we can we should also discuss that . ( b ) yeah , that \u2019 s that \u2019 s a good question . um . so if if it turns out that some data should be gathered the like outside of prague and uedin or karlsruhe would like to do through subcontracting , please , say so here , in the command and i will see that and i \u2019 ll like make sure that this person-months are not there yet and but somehow , we should have an estimate on on the cost of that . so if you make it a subcontracting , then uh - ours total yeah , well , i modify the sheet , the sheet is flexible , this is this is something that we can get ( away ) . so so than maybe just create a column like this is subcontracting and it will be this m- much euros . and i will create a summary table that that assembles the the subcontracting and i 'm like make sure that the person-month are not like added as person-month among but rather only as a subcontracting . so the subcontracting will not go through the overleaf , the subcontracting would go directly into this table into the into this part . ( d ) ( ? ? ) whether re-speakers got ( ? ? ) conference . ( b ) yes , so the ( ? ? ) and workshops . so the workshops this there is the main event conference and we said that we want at least one event before that and that could be like smaller scale and that will be mainly the english held discussion , but it \u2019 s non-native speakers . and we need to adapt to them and we have the re-speakers to to help this to help the event run ( ? ? ) smoothly . so there is one before the conference , then there are several during the conference when the plenary session is not running and then in the proposal , we currently estimate that there will be 2 afterwards . either during one of them during already the 2nd year and one in the 3rd year or 2 in the 3rd year or something like that . so - ( d ) does that mean ? - so i supposed the problem is that i- if we hire re-speaker , we would like to get ( ? ? ) prague . ( b ) yes , yes , exactly . ( d ) ( ? ? ) if you hire re-speaker you will find a language re-speaker in prague . ( b ) yes . yes , yes , exactly . ( d ) ( ? ? ) problematic i i i don \u2019 t know what ( ? ? ) options ( ? ? ) easier ? i don \u2019 t know . ( b ) so i think it \u2019 s uh , it \u2019 s it \u2019 s easier if we do it , if we find the re-speaker and if like you as asr experts will say: \u201ewe need to to handle the conference and the workshops in the amount as as like outline in the proposal , we have to have this many re-speakers and for each speaker , we have to have this many hours so that the system can adapt to that . \u201d dario mentioned , that this depends on the asr system , like the number of hours that you need per person . and then you will say that we should find the re-speakers and and record it for them and we will do it . and it will be persons located in prague and and the hopefully they will not get sick on the on the important days . ( d ) ( b ) yeah , okay , so please populate this table and feel free to enter even like non-standard information . like , i want someone else to do it , but i need this to be done and and all that . so do- don \u2019 t worry about that , but make sure the information gets gets in there . so that was the 1st task and let \u2019 s let \u2019 s proceed . so there is - the 2nd task is calling external resources for machine translation and spoken language translation . and this is uh , um , uh - yeah . this is the the the the downloading work and and polishing work for the mt part . i do not know whether we should have a separate task . we probably should , on like creating the asr at the training data because the the plan is that we will not really record and create any new transcripts for training data , except for adaptation , for asr . so for asr we should rely on available data sets . but there may be some work needed to to polish them , acurate them for the purposes of the project . so this would be on karlsruhe to add such a task . and maybe uedin and to estimate how many person-months should should be devoted to that . so uh , yeah . there could be one more task . and jan maybe if you could take a note and and add it or i- if you think that this can be like easily done and doesn \u2019 t need a task here , that \u2019 s all possible , but i think it \u2019 s it \u2019 s better to have that in . okay , then there is some non-trivial time for the minuting data . for the minuting data , we need to record or gather existing online meetings and manually revise the transcript . so we should gather transcripts from some asr system , but we should we should revise them . and we should a create or collect and polish the documents related to that . so the agenda and the minutes afterwards and make it a data set both training and test data set for the purposes of of minuting . so this is like major , preliminary work before the research on minuting can can begin . the deliverables here are are - yeah ? ( e ) point to the test sets . should we include that maybe in task 1.1 or so ? because we anyway collect this adaptation and development data . it would make sense to directly include to test sets because they should be from the same domain and - ( b ) yes , yes , yes , that \u2019 s good . so i when i wrote this , i thought that like test sets will be then taken out as a part of from from the data . but it \u2019 s g- actually better to explicitly say so in the in the task description . so so please , add that comment here to the description to the short description and especially to the long description of of the task . this is the kind of reflected in the in the deliverables here because in the deliverables i say , that we will release the training data twice for all the various activities or the or the technologies . the 1st develop- the 1st release will be very early at month 6 already , so that we can use the data for training the systems for the sao congress . and the 2nd release will be towards the end of the project , well , at the end of year 2. so that the year 3 , models can be recreated on on the much and large data sets . so this is data and for test sets actually planned to have 3 different test sets . and 1 on end of month 10 , then month 20 and month 30 to give us enough time to to use these test sets the for the evaluation . and a kind of assume that these test sets would would like be be obtained for free by taking part of of the data collected in these tasks . but we should say , so explicitly mainly for ourselves . so that we never release something in the training data , that we want to use in the test set afterwards . yeah . so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s a good a good comment . and then the corpus of the minutes is a task , which is directly a deliverable directly related to the task 1.3. so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s the training data for the summarization and wherever possible , we will release the data in a public form , but there probably be a 2nd level of of deployment . that that will be within the consortium and as you know from the other part of of the proposal , there is also some data , which will be deleted after the project . well , there \u2019 s there \u2019 s other part of the data that that that that will be published , but only with some delay . so this is something which is already outside of the time spent of the project . so there is no associated deliverable with that . and at the end of the project we will simply know , which data are fine to be released now and which data need to wait . uh , yeah . okay . so any comments on this ? if not then let \u2019 s us move quickly , the time is really running up . actually , we have 2 hours on this go-to-meeting . but i 'm not sure , whether all of you have 2 hours uh , yourself . so uh , that \u2019 s why we should we should rush . let \u2019 s move on to work-package 2 and i \u2019 d like to ask jan to briefly present the the plans here . i know it \u2019 s not yet written , but what what will be written , when it is written . . ( a ) yeah . i i can try it i mean . it \u2019 s not my main thing things as asr mainly it \u2019 s stunned by sebastian to keep there . i try to do it . so i mean , we we have this three tasks for the asr , where we think is like the main thing , we we have to improve to to get ready to to thing , that we can use it in the conferences . and the one thing is the robustness acoustic modeling , so improving the ( ? ? ) robustness . for example , also for accents and things like that . and we have task 2.2 ( ? ? ) s- semi-supervised the language model adaptation and then finally 2.3 the lifelong learning during deployment , especially if we have something like key words or in the alfaview where used over time . the system should improve over time and get some feedback and and the system should get use to the speakers and get better . and that \u2019 s many done in 2.3. so it \u2019 s 3 different things we want to improve in the asr in order to get ready performance , which can be used in all the use cases we address . ( b ) yeah , so one thing that - thanks for this brief summary . the the one thing that is missing already on this page is the deliverables . so do you have any plans , what would be the structure of deliverables ? like would it be the yearly reports or ? ( a ) yes , i guess something like that . i have to talk in detail , but i mean , either we do it by task . so not a report about everything , but like by task all we do in summary and then . i do not know if we need yearly or or like twice like after half project . ( b ) yeah . ( a ) and the at the end of the project something like that . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , so in in ( ? ? ) deliverables it is probably ( ? ? ) to try to spread them a- across months . so that we do not have uh , like high , uh , uh , high peaks of too many deliverables that have to be delivered at the same month . and one thing , which is is very much - it \u2019 s now refreshing which is very much related to this , is the timing on the tasks . and when when this appears eventually , all actually all provided download as a pdf so then we can browse it safer . so here is the is the timing . how do i get to ( ? ? ) this ? crazy , gotomeetings in - no , not any better . yeah , so the the timing here , seems kind of very tentative for this work-package . it seems that you will have a gap around the the conference , maybe that intentional maybe not , so - so make sure that - yeah ? ( a ) you ( ? ? ) initial yeah . i mean - ( b ) yeah . ( a ) i think most of the thing will be over longer time , maybe lifelong learning was started a little bit later and then be . but it \u2019 s mainly more - it will be more similar to work-package 3 , where mainly everything is done over - ( b ) yeah . ( d ) the whole time . ( b ) yeah . okay . so thank you . so now let \u2019 s move to work-package 3 , which is spoken language translation . and that \u2019 s like in the middle realized in both asr and and machine translation . so a ricco , or or barry , can you this present ? ( c ) yeah . there we have 3 tasks . task 3.1 would the to transfer conversation ( ? ? ) together the asr output and then machine translation system it \u2019 s a quite ( ? ? ) . ( b ) i yeah , i 'm not doing anything . it \u2019 s - sorry . ( c ) and 3.2 is trying to make the machine translation systems more robust towards oise to the input . i think about things like - look at the architecture language representation , maybe latest input . and but out of those other things make the those in quality . when the when there is noise like speech ( ? ? ) to see asr and the last impact . and the 3rd task 3.3 will be end-to-end speech speech text translation . the most research of the 3 and tasks . it would by us having a separate asr and mt systems . ( b ) yeah . and the deliverables ? thank you . ( c ) we have 3 prototypes , a rough 1 per year and the last 1 a bit earlier and we are a bit ( ? ? ) what this will contain . i assume the 1st prototype will mainly have transferred ( normalization ) . a- and later , we will try to add um , also end end speech and text translation systems . and to reports on in the middle , on at the end of the project . ( b ) yeah , so this is something that needs to be aligned with the integration in in some way . so we should be aware of of the linguist- the integration work-package somehow . so so check with dario and maybe align the prototypes with - or \u2013 yeah , i i don \u2019 t know how to structure that ( ? ? ) . the integration so far is is like continues , it doesn \u2019 t say that too many specific milestones and you have definitely more milestones and uh , or deliverables that than they have . so just make sure that these 2 things are are in line . ( c ) okay . ( a ) one question . did i mean , just what i mean , can we just write prototype ? or do we have to specify who is submitting it ? or if it \u2019 s like , which language pair and all these things ? so is it - i do not know . or is it enough to just write prototype ? ( b ) well . ( a ) maybe i didn \u2019 t see it , sorry . ( b ) yeah . so the the languages are a kind of promised here at the very beginning , was in the object is already . ( a ) if we say a prototype . do we have to build a prototype for all language pairs ? so can it be ? because maybe that \u2019 s a lot . i don \u2019 t know or can we or to say only some languages or i don \u2019 t know . ( b ) i would make - ( c ) i would assume as long we don \u2019 t make a promise there , we can define ourselves , well , the extended one prototypes to be - ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . so exactly i would - so the 1st prototype could be prototype because it \u2019 s the full technology , but it \u2019 s like the most languages . the 2nd prototype could be all languages , but liking the technologies or som i think we we should leave ourselves to the flexibility . in general , this is uh , uh , yeah , yeah . in general , this there is like types of languages . there is the primary focus . there is the covered languages , which we promised to deliver . so that sao knows that they they can use it . and - but we are not promising that the technology advances is used for these languages . so like we can use standard models and and the quality will obviously suffer , but we are flexible in terms of how much - we we actually meant it . something which we do not even promised that will do all . we can try , but uh , it will be mainly probes of of languages . ricco s- suggested to include languages that have some business reason . and that \u2019 s a question for alfaview where the \u2013 whether dissemination is possible . like what what what would you expect , what languages would be would be needed ? the ones that i listed so far was arabic because it \u2019 s one of the united nations language and it has some data available . i \u2019 ve also listed kazakh because it - yep ? alfaview , please , go on . ( f ) yes , no , i i mean , france , are you listening ? and you around ? and yeah , the stage or already say something to that point ? ( ? ? ) not . ( b ) yeah , so if if france is not here - ( g ) i was i was interrupted here locally . i , so ca- can you say the question again ? ( b ) what languages would be of interest for alfaview for for a business reasons . so we are like if you see the screen now . this is very early . this is already the objective , the the very first part of the proposal . and here , i say that in the experimental set of languages we have actually all possible languages . well , chinese is not there actually . so i would like to refine examples , what languages we are likely to focus on from this experimental set , or even beyond that experimental set . so this is the something that alfaview could could provide us as input . ( g ) yeah . so currently we are - we have the english language and the german language , but we can easily at adapt to to other languages . so we have a word-file and we can integrate where - at the user interface can be easily updated with other languages , when it comes to implementing the the text to speech and the the other features . we are open . i mean - ( b ) yeah . so the question is if you could ask for any , what languages would you asked for ? and not for technical reason but for business reasons . so maybe that \u2019 s ( ? ? ) question - ( g ) i i would go for i would go for languages in the order of how they are commonly used . so this would english at 1st . and then i guess spanish and so ( ? ? ) . i 'm not quite sure so - ( f ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) but chinese would be great but i think , you already mentioned that it \u2019 s not included at the moment . ( b ) yeah , so if if you have like if you would have some concrete plans to go for spanish so- sorry for for chinese , then we can put that in here and that will kind of excuse us in case if we indeed do it . if we do not mention chinese here , it will be very hard to to to defend it afterwards . ( f ) yeah , um , when we we are already um , happy with all languages that you are well , provided , that you ( which ) you \u2019 re mentioned before . so as for business reasons we do not have to include anothet languages at this stage . ( b ) yeah , okay , yeah . so ricco probably just remove written comment because we we don \u2019 t have any things that ( ? ? ) . so maybe or maybe well , german is already primary focus so yeah . ( c ) but still i i i i i fe- feel that the reviewer s- see will see ( ? ? ) kazakh because at ( wslt ) relation . that \u2019 s not the - ( b ) yeah , okay , okay . so you should \u2013 yeah , yeah , yeah . yeah . so the idea is that that we should remove kazakh from this list . ( c ) yeah , may we remove kazakh from this list , yeah . maybe we can still to do it , but just for - ( b ) yeah . ( c ) ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) yeah . ( b ) it \u2019 s still one - exactly , it \u2019 s one of the eurosai languages and kazakhstan is one of the countries , who are , if i 'm not mistaken , like trying to the the the have discussions with the youtube to potentially join . i 'm not really sure about that , but i think so . so it may not be a- as as strange as as as it seems , but it depends on the on the reviewer obviously , how how knowledgeable they are about the the e- eu very long-term policies or plans . okay . so let us move on to the work-package on multilingual machine translation . here , i put a task , which is the the 1st task obviously . well , the the goal of this work-package is is to support the the project with the machine translation service and do the research in machine translation . so the 1st task , task 4.1 is the baseline supporting thing and there are put ourselves uedin and karlsrhue to train domain dependent separate systems . and this task is actually planed very early in the - do i have it somewhere ? that \u2019 s strange , i thought i have i had the pdf somewhere , but it for some reason , no . yep . well , i am already looking at the pdf . so let \u2019 s let \u2019 s open this part as well , this task is planned to very early in the project . so that is this baseline system can be used to to test the integration and - where are they ? yeah , that \u2019 s is the set of tasks . it \u2019 s - so the baseline model should be worked on f- during the 1st half of the half of the 1st year and and n- not any further . so that \u2019 s the that \u2019 s the idea . so we should quickly do the baseline . and i 'm here quite specific about the languages . and i would like to check what karlsruhe and uedin , whether they can propose any better wording . so that we are not that specific , but yet we are specific enough for the reviewer to to like that task description . so let \u2019 s not discuss this uh , uh , now , simply add comments or if you if you can say it quickly say so now but w- w- i think we are just trying to find wording . ( a ) yes , several language also , i do not know if we need to build all all them as as single systems . so just can for several of the pairs can directly go to multi-target or something . because it \u2019 s just a huge computation and we don \u2019 t really gain anything . we can just select a representative subset of the language pairs build their translation systems and then for the rest only go for the multilingual systems . ( b ) yeah . s- so the the reason - y- yes . so if there is - so maybe maybe the wording should be changed that if the the multi-target is available in some way . and you say it is . we will we will consider it . but this is like the baseline and the baseline search 2 purposes . 1 of the person purposes is do to deliver the mt to pervoice into the integration . so that it \u2019 s actually available for the conference , for the dry-run event and for the for the conference . and the other purpose is to have baselines for the for the research afterwards . so how how much do we lose of the performance if we put more languages together and and other things . or if we actually improve the early performance in terms of translation quality , when we put put the the languages together . so i think we have to cover all targets language all the eurosai once at some minimum level . i 'm totally open to like having some of them covered by multilingual systems already . so feel free to to modify this wording of the tasks because you are you are involved i- in the task anyway . and uh , uh , yeah . yeah , so thanks for thanks for suggestion and and let reword this . and if you if we can find if a a wording , that is not as specific as i \u2019 ve now , but still specific enough , then even better . okay . the next task is called document level translation . and there is entering high quality of machine transition beyond level of individual sentences . here , the focus is it \u2019 s it \u2019 s not clear , whether it is for speech or for text . and i i think i should probably explicitly say that it is for both . they are different like discourse phenomena happening in speech and different discourse or longer text phenomena happening in text . so we should focus on both . in terms of timing this task is the one that runs through all the 3 years . and then the other tasks are on multi-tar- or on on the multi-languages , multiple languages . first , we focus on the multi-target . and the reason is that we have the conference coming in the middle of a 2nd in the middle of 2nd year . and for the conference we need to translate from 6 or how many languages into all the the 44 if or the 43 , if if possible . so this task multi-target runs in the 1rst year and then is kind of used in the middle of the 2nd year , but the research has been concluded by the end of the 1st year . the 2nd year of the research is focused on the multi-source and here , the primary goal is to gain in translation quality , when we are training on more source languages . and then , the final task , which is planned for the 3rd year is called flexible multilingual machine translation . so i \u2019 ve slightly change this from the original division into task that we had into the google doc . um , the flexible multilingual machine translation is designing in in system architecture . that is capable of translating from 1 or more languages at the same time , and into 1 or more languages on the target site . and the the input should be flexible . if you have only 1 input language , then feed in 1 , if you have 2 , if you already have 2 versions of the document feed 2 and the system should should gracefully handle that and benefit from the additional source . so the difference between this multi-source and this flexible multilingual is that in the multi-source you always expect multiple input , if you have multiple inputs . or that you focus only on 1 language 1 source language and but train on others and try to benefit from the multi-task . so the the multi-source machine translation is either 1 input or multiple input , whereas the flexible multilingual is any subset of the languages at once . so far , i do not have any deliverables planed here and nothing else simply ( ? ? ) the the reporting . so it \u2019 s b- based on the on the timing by year . i think that having yearly reports is probably the most appropriate thing and i don \u2019 t think there will be any - well , yes , there should the deliverable on the baseline mt models . so there should be 1 deliverable on the baseline mt models and there should be the yearly reports . and that \u2019 s probably it . okay . so then the then the task on minuting . and this is something , that - yeah . i \u2019 ve done partly with uh , for - that the main contribution comes from my colleague anna nedoluzhko . so i \u2019 ll try to briefly summarize this , but i 'm not sure i \u2019 ll uh , uh , do it totally correctly uh , so - ( ? ? ) hi ondrej ( ? ? ) please ? ( b ) yeah , okay so . let \u2019 s let me interrupt the this presentation and let - ( f ) ondrej ? ( b ) yep ? you are also going to leave ? ( f ) i \u2019 m going to leave as well , yes and so i i just wanted to add that we will um , add ( further ) information the work-package 7 and my college told me that you want to me , but pervoice tomorrow - ( b ) yes . ( f ) we will we not office tomorrow , but maybe you can arrange something that - ( b ) remote . ( f ) as ( ? ? ) and we will go through it , could you tell us when you will need the answer by the latest ? ( b ) y- w- y- yeah , so well , i will i will merge it during the weekend , but i don \u2019 t know whether - so i think it will not be like a set of question and set of answers . so try to provide the input to dario early in the day or even today and then he will probably ask any you should have look and and try to answer . i \u2019 ll send an email to to find out , if if there is any time point where we could like meet remotely remotely . yeah . okay . so let me let me then quickly quickly present at least this . so the gaps in the introductory sections . so i \u2019 ve seen that most of the people h- have already partner descriptions . it would be good , if could list 2 persons per partner in this in this setting and then for the - so that \u2019 s like the actually the detail section of the proposal and there is the introductory sections . everybody please read and comment the objectives , the relation to the work programmend also the early part of the concept . the methodology needs a lot of polishing . sorry . and i would suggest to do this like by 2 to partners in for for each of the paragraphs in there . so the remote conferencing is something that comes originally from alfaview . i have edited it . so maybe karlsruhe could review , whether this makes sense . the asr the state ( ? ? ) we are on asr is missing . so i would like to ask karlsruhe to to write it and review it by uedin , or the other way around if if uedin is is still available and karlsruhe is is busy . the machine translation is still incomplete , so i \u2019 ll finish that . it \u2019 s it \u2019 s that a bit . sorry , but it \u2019 s not finished . and i would probably ask would like to ask uedin to to like we review that and the spoken language translation is written by uedin i believe and so i \u2019 ll review that . the summarization is probably quite finished . i haven \u2019 t talked to anna , but there is a lot of text . so maybe if uedin or karlsruhe . who who could voluntary to review that ? ( a ) till when do you need it ? ( b ) well , over the weekend ? ( a ) yeah , i think can have look at this . i don \u2019 t know if i can do it over the weekend . on monday but i \u2019 ll try to do it . ( b ) yeah . okay . so i should i should - i do not know if ricco is still here , but i \u2019 ll write karlsruhe . remember jan that you you need to write your sections as well ? then there is a section on minuting tools and i think that it would be great if alfaview could review this . because they would see what what is out there and where is the room for their potential product . so that \u2019 s maybe for france ? i don \u2019 ut know if france is - ( g ) yeah , i \u2019 m listening ( ? ? ) . i can do that . ( b ) yeah . yeah . so i remove the question marks and - well , ricco was silent and that means , that he was fine with that . so remove the question mark . and then there is section on handling humans . so i i would like everyone , especially alfaview , uh , uh but everyone to to see whether this makes sense , yeah . and then , the concept is still rather weak . so if alfaview while populating they their dissemination work-package can provide further a- activities . the ambition is missing . so i \u2019 ll s- i \u2019 ll try to to cr- to write one and early next week it should be ready for for review by someone , so . and the expected impact has many impacts that i proposed . so i would like everyone to to review them to like think about them , whether they make sense or not . and possibly to to suggest more and i will finish this section as well . and the impact maximization , thanks to alfaview for their paragraph . so i \u2019 ll i \u2019 ll maybe restructure it a little bit but i would like to ask alfaview to derive specific tasks from this . so the work-package on on the disemination is very unpopulated yet . so i 'm suggesting that you could derive tasks such as managing social media , so pro- promoting the project in the research results and that should run for some months and there should be some description of this and you mentioned local press releases . so again , if you could provide any details and you mentioned the cebit or cebit , then my question is , whether we can actually promise to to be there ? is it just a question of money ? or is there some competition that you have to win in order to be able to present there ? and if it is just a question of money , should the budget be allocated for that ? so this is all for alfaview because i would like to alfaview to populate the the disemination work-package . the the website is is something very easy to to do and to a yes , they will have the website . but there is other tasks that that you have listed , suggested , but they need to be also in the tasks . so alfaview , can you can you confirm that ? - ( f ) also we we will fill this , but the months we will get the more details . and i think we can definitely go to the cebit . um , i do not know . i i \u2019 ve sent you an email about the marketing bu- budgets . maybe you can - ( b ) yeah , yeah . yes , sorry , that \u2019 s - i i i remember that you you have been reminded me of that , yeah . so i think the the short answer is that everything , which makes sense is like good value for money for the eu , is okay . so h- ha- haven \u2019 t i sent you that that in one of the project 10 000 euros in the end were spent on some like promotion video . this is something very uncommon . but if it makes sense , it is probably okay to put such a thing there as well . i thought that i \u2019 ve written at e-mail . maybe it it ended up in my drafts only and not - yeah . so think for yourself and think for yourself as a you tax payer what make sense . and then , propose propose any specific activities and propose them , not only in the pros , but also as as tasks . and if you have any technical issues , then then send me list that . i would like to have this task running for these months and i \u2019 ll fix that . but the structure the structured information is important . ( f ) okay , alright . ( b ) yeah , okay . so that was that was the list of kind of to do list and then , yeah . we we have been discussing deliverables . and we h- i have already started discussing this , the recordings and the hours hours ( ? ? ) of of re-speakers . so yeah , we are now - we have quickly jumped through the rest of agenda . so please , use this list and do what is necessary . and those of you who have to departure , you probably may depart now , otherwise , if you still can stay on please , stay on because we will get to the integration and the dissemination as it is now . so , who is leaving ? who is staying ? ( d ) we are leaving , bye ondrej . ( a ) thank you , thanks . ( b ) okay . karlsruhe is also done . and can someone from alfaview stay ? because i know i know that brigite was leaving . ( h ) ( ? ? ) has left , i can stay , but i \u2019 m i \u2019 m not able to say any technical details . ( b ) yeah . that \u2019 s that \u2019 s not a problem . and , and france ? ( g ) yeah , i 'm still here . ( b ) okay , yeah . so let \u2019 s . let \u2019 s let \u2019 s make use of this because now it \u2019 s only me and and alfaview . let \u2019 s make use of this time to discuss the dissemination work-package . so - or well , actually , that that it \u2019 s p- perfect timing . so here , the minuting . so i 'm not going to talk about how do we want to do the minuting under the ( hood ) , which is the disco-segmentation segment ( ? ? ) summarization document level summarization and sequence to structure . maybe the sequence the structure . so the to give you a big overview of of what we want to do is that we will have a transcript coming from the asr and this transcript will be 1st like split into individual items and then these items will be shortened and then some of these items will be removed because they are not important for the summary of that of that discussion . and then these shortened and reduced in in number i- items will be have put into the structure , that was created that that comes from the agenda already . so this is this is an overview of what the tasks are supposed to do . and there is one task , which i planned to be a direct collaboration between you and us . and i called it the live minutes platform . and this is something that that i need to check with you , whether you would like to work on this and whether you indeed do want to have many person-months on this . i \u2019 ve i \u2019 ve put there quite a few , 24 . so what - 24 is the total , but you do not have involvement at ano- in another tasks . so that \u2019 s like for for the live platform . and my idea as as potential user of this would be , that while we are talking , i \u2019 ll be uh , uh , uh , i \u2019 ll have al- also like one more tap , which will be the live document and this live document would have the transcript appearing at the bottom and then at the top , there will be the agenda and the agenda would would get populated automatically as we speak and as as the system decides that something is important and something belongs here and there . so the question is - this live document , it \u2019 s like redoing google docs or doing a plug-in for google docs . how much of the programming for this would you like to do ? what should be the promised result for the eu ? and how much of of of this online part , like how much live should it be from the technical point of view ? we could run it in the baseline mode , where we get the transcript offline and we offline create the summary and populate the agenda and and this document , one short ( ? ? ) shipped to the participants by email and that \u2019 s that \u2019 s the perfect solution as well . but if you are interested in getting eu money for developing this online interface and the live capacity , then this is the the place to put it . so what is your take on this ? ( g ) so 1st of all the the output of the of the life minutes um , comes from your side , right ? so - ( b ) so what what what is the output ? the output is the the summary , right ? ( g ) the the the raw the raw data that , should be displayed for example in in a in a google doc . ( b ) yes . yes , the are data is something which will come from a research prototype that we will develop . and i have no - ( g ) so why ? - ( b ) no idea how - ( g ) yeah ( b ) yeah . how this will be good for practice . ( g ) so um , why do not you access the the google api and and put it put it into a into a google doc ? ( b ) why is that ? - ( g ) put it - yeah ? ( b ) that \u2019 s like a that \u2019 s the baseline solution and that \u2019 s what we would do , if you said: \u201ewe do not want to do much with this ourselves . \u201d but if if you saw it as as like a nice extension to the alfaview platform , so the the document is part of the environment of alfaview , then it makes sense for you to develop that and we - ( g ) okay . ( b ) and we will we interfacing you . so that \u2019 s we can - ( g ) but that that would require us to to have - you know , a a coll- a kind of a collaboration tools inside the alfaview client . ( b ) yes , yes . ( g ) so that would be preliminary work , we would have to do and it is quite it is quite a a big thing . so um , i \u2019 m i \u2019 m having this something similar t- like like a google doc . um - ( b ) uhm . ( g ) um , um , it is - i think it \u2019 s not doable within the scope of this project . so we would have to look for something that we can adapt to maybe a a an existing open source project , which allows for co- co-editing , which can also be integrated into the the alfaview client and we have not done any research on that yet . so this could be this could be a potential outlet for for the meeting minutes data , that is true and i would also li- like to see that and not have to go to to to a google doc for that . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so do you think the 2 years would be too little ? or or even if we say that if it needs the preliminary work , it would be the for 3 years ? so that you would allocate it . i know that there is shortage of program as across europe i believe . so it \u2019 s it \u2019 s might be difficult to find the people , but here you can ask for the money to to get it done . ( f ) yeah . i mean , the the the it \u2019 s - i think it \u2019 s not a matter of of of time . it \u2019 s it \u2019 s just how many - yeah , workforce you put behind this . i mean , 3 years sounds sounds long , but um , if you reduce it to the to the ( man ) hours here . um , s- some co-editing tool is - yeah . it \u2019 s quite a task . so i think we will have to do some more research on that . how it \u2019 s finally gon na be like . i mean , if we if we add a co-editing feature , that is not with then the scope of this project . ( b ) uhm . ( g ) um , then i could yeah , i could i could think of using it for for this project . um , if we come up with the with the co-editing solution , especially for this project , i think it will be something quite a basic . okay ? ( b ) yeah . yeah , that \u2019 s alright . i think that \u2019 s totally okay for - to to , have it to like the the co-editing the the core a word processor that is edited by more people at once , could be any any basic thing . so the task , if it is if it if there is any task as such at all , can say that 1st during the 1st year , we will investigate what are the online solutions because we are aware of the fact how much afford it takes to develop google docs . or if we want to interface one of the existing ones or if if alfaview decides to develop on their own , there one if if that would be the good one , so the like design of the interfacing with that and then in the 2nd year , implementing the interfacing to whatever we decide to use . and if if we in the 1st year , if we find that there is no such solution that we should st- we can start from . we will \u2013 we can even uh , do like a change in the in the plan and we will say: \u201ewe failed to find solid base implementation and we will only deliver the the offline thing because it is not feasible within the scope of the project . so i think , we can we can easily extend this task , this task as you see it now on the on the screen . it \u2019 s like uh , 2 lines uh , uh , uh , and it \u2019 s it \u2019 s very unfinished . so it \u2019 s - we can we can add few more ideas here and we can change it . ( ? ? ) find solutions for the editor , probe design interfacing with the editor and implement this integration and evaluate it through all the 3 years . and there is also an associated longer part of this . as you know , before this tables . and the longer part is not written yet at all . and this longer part of that can be even ( ? ? ) of text saying: \u201eall the complications that we see at the moment and all the challenges that need to be resolved . \u201d and maybe we could do like a a research , that takes 10 minutes of of searching of on ( ? ? ) . and if we do not find anything that , then we will say we are not aware of any solutions . i think open office had had some opened \u2013 i \u2019 m not sure . yeah ? so \u2013 ( g ) yeah , i am afraid , it \u2019 s not going to be as easy as that because we have to lo- to make a lo- take a look at um , you know , the interface . it \u2019 s gon na \u2013 ( b ) yes . ( g ) it \u2019 s gon na be a c + + application . we can not use make make use of webpage tools at at this point and \u2013 yeah , i think , 10 minutes research will not be enough . ( b ) it will \u2013 well , 10 minutes will be enough to to add the links to the potential tools to the proposal . and then , the task should review them . and this review is a planned activity , that should run for the 2 or 3 months even . part of this task . ( g ) okay . ( b ) so does that make sense ? like it - ( g ) that \u2019 s point \u2013 i wouldn \u2019 t all agree because i would not i would not have find potential solutions and 10 minutes and then evaluate them in a in a longer period . i would put more effort in potential solutions . ( b ) yeah , so this is like examples . so \u2013 ( g ) yeah . ( b ) so yes , it \u2019 s not the \u2013 ( g ) okay , okay , i see . ( b ) so so we are saying: \u201ewe plan , we want to have this g- live document that gets automatically populated . \u201d and at the moment , we don \u2019 t know , how to do the do the live document at all , we know that there is these 3 solutions , but at the moment , we have not really checked the details and some of them may become \u2013 ( g ) ( b ) yeah , yeah . ( g ) uhm , okay . ( b ) so if you could if you could write this text , either in the overleaf or in a separate google doc or or a- anywhere , that that would be great . because i need the input from alfaview . i need to know , what is your thinking about this . y- y- you mentioned , that you are potentially planning to have \u2013 ( g ) yeah . ( b ) this live document the shared space . so that should be there as well . and it \u2019 s totally okay to say , that alfaview is still considering the j- is still only considering that feature because it is risky . it is a lot of effort and another competitors have that partly , but they don \u2019 t have the obviously the the conferencing thing . so it \u2019 s it \u2019 s still a business decision to make . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) but for the project we \u2013 if alfaview doesn \u2019 t decide to do it on their own , then we will find a substitute solution . and even as a fall back , we will do it like ( with ) some baseline solution . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) but i think it \u2019 s it \u2019 s it makes sense to have this task because it it will show the the overall results of this to the user and that \u2019 s that \u2019 s something , which which is very good for the proposal . ( g ) yeah . yeah , i agree , it it \u2013 the the output of this live minutes , i mean , it \u2019 s basic - it \u2019 s it \u2019 s the the essence of this whole project , right ? and it has to \u2013 ( b ) yeah . ( g ) has to live on a kind of stage and not just be put somewhere and \u2013 yeah . ( b ) yeah , in in the deliverables in the in the reports that we \u2013 ( g ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . so here , the the the report that i planned here are exactly 2 research reports . oh , sorry . that \u2019 s it \u2019 s crazy it \u2019 s scrolling for like - i 'm not doing anything , but it \u2019 s the the button is stuck . so uh , i had this initial report of summarization at month 18 , in the middle of the project . and final report on the summarization on the on the back-end technologies and all the problems they have . uh , uh , and also have , uh , the uh , the the proposed deliverable to the for the software . so we can rename it in any way . so we can call it like a demonstrator , which is the standard work used . and the demonstrator in the longer description of the tas \u2013 like , this would be the result of task 5.5 and the the long description would say , that at the moment , we can not really say what the demonstrator will be based on because that will be the research of of the 1st the months of the project . and there is an associated milestone , which will be like a at the end of year 1 , decide what is the platform for for this demonstrator , and then in your tool , the integration with that will be will be implemented and and year an- year 2 the 3 the implementation uh , the integration will be implemented and and tested . so does that sound reasonable ? ( g ) yep , yep . ( b ) so if you \u2013 yeah . if you can please create this task description . i \u2019 ll make sure that we cover the other task and i \u2019 ll make sure that i integrate the text from you , but the the more you write the the better . yeah . and i \u2019 ll i \u2019 ll \u2013 yeah . i \u2019 ll i \u2019 ll polish that in in anyway . yeah . ( h ) ondrej ? ( b ) yeah ? ( h ) would that be possible for you to to ( ? ? ) task description ? ( g ) yeah . we could work together or we should work together on t- this thing . i would do the basic research , but maybe you can add , bring it in in form . ( h ) and uh , regarding um , generally our edition to the overleaf ondrej . ( b ) yep . ( h ) um we will be out of office until monday , so \u2013 ( b ) uhm . ( h ) we will have a chance to add a content on monday . would that be okay for you ? as well , i mean , it \u2019 s for us too difficult . i don \u2019 t think that we will have a chance to add it today any details , overview , any documents and and tomorrow we are not here . so um - ( b ) yeah . ( h ) we will - ( b ) so is fo \u2013 ( h ) but on monday if you like , that would be uh , uh \u2013 if you think that would be good idea , but just so that you know , but we will we can all work - ( b ) yeah . ( h ) um . ( b ) yeah , it \u2019 s all it \u2019 s all online . so if you if you talk with france directly and if you create force , like if it makes things easier for you , if you create a separate google doc with this task description and you edit it online with france , then i can at least see it during the weekend and i can write text other parts of the text based on what what i see in the in the proposal , which can help me . if if you really can \u2019 t work , if you are off-line and you do not plan to work on on this , then yes , just give it to me on monday . like what what else ? ( h ) no , we we can ( ? ? ) a thing on monday , but we will not be able to work on that u- until monday . just that \u2019 s you know . ( b ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . okay , yeah . so the the sooner i get it from you the better . a d the form is not that important . if you do it in the overleaf that \u2019 s great because it saves my time . if you do it outside of overleaf , i i i can put it into overleaf myself . i \u2019 ll have to read and like process it anyway . so it \u2019 s it \u2019 s just the the editing work that that like i have to do again . if you do it in overleaf , i i don \u2019 t have to do it myself . so do whatever is easiest for you to to provide the content and the sooner you to give it to me the the better . i \u2019 m aware of the fact that you are going to be offline and not available for the next 3 days . okay . so let \u2019 s quickly move on to the - so the work-package 6 is the integration and we \u2019 ve discussed this . so the integration has the separate google doc . that \u2019 s this one . so this is something , that hopefully we will get some input from dario or or you can provide some suggestions and question to this google doc , for dario to uh , to look at tomorrow . so this is \u2013 there is 2 uh , parts . uh , one part is the integration with the unified platform . so that is delivering the translations like the getting the speech from from alfaview and t- translating it interpreting it at pervoice through our systems in the end and then s- shipping the subtitles to alfaview . so that \u2019 s probably the unified communication platform . and there has to be some description . like when and what will be done for this to to happen and to be to be ready for , for sao to to use . this is for the online meetings not for the life meetings . and then the integration of the minuting uh , \u00b4 which is something , that i 'm totally not sure about because right now , we have discussed like a direct integration of the minuting backend to the to some of the google doc thing . and uh , uh maybe \u2013 i 'm not sure , h- h- how much pervoice should be involved in this or not . so they now \u2013 like it falls into the the integration work-package because it \u2019 s some integration work . but it it \u2019 s not clear to me why would we need pervoice ? so uh , uh , so maybe r- r- if if you could like \u2013 when thinking about this integration task from the global point of view , when if you could write here for dario like , where do you see pervoice role here or if you don \u2019 t see any , then asked him , where where does he see it . so it it it is formally , it can also be that the task that we have discussed 2nd ago here , when we are discussing task 5.5 that the task will be there as as we \u2019 ve discussed it , but not as 5.5 but rather as 6.3 and it might exclude pervoice . so it could be within the integration work-package with alfaview and ourselves working there and have put into the work-package overseen by pervoice because it is integration activity , but we will actually just report to pervoice: \u201eyes , we \u2019 re working on this . \u201d and and pervoice will be not involved in that task at all . so that \u2019 s that \u2019 s also so uh , possible set up . so yeah , we need to discuss . this is something that we need to discuss with pervoice to see how much they want to be in that . i think that uh , is the they are in involved . yeah , they are involved in the transcript generation because we assume that we get transcripts . ( g ) exactly . ( b ) yeah . ( g ) i think they are needed here . ( b ) yeah , yeah . so maybe that task 5.5 as we have discussed , it should not be 5.5 , but 6.3. and it should include pervoice because you will ship the speech to them and then we will get the speech from them and we will interface to something that you will find and to modify , so that it accepts the the minutes . ( h ) mm-hmm . yep . ( b ) yep . okay . so so we have resolved this . so this is a yeah . t- this is a \u2013 i \u2019 ll write it down immediately . so this will stamp from task 5.5 , that alfaview and cuni discussed and task 5.5 will be deleted . parallel _ talk > okay . so let \u2019 s move on . then the running the sao events . you are not really involved in this and uh , you - ye- yeah . this is the so the integration work-package is the integration of all the technologies . and alfaview is a here mainly to make sure , that you are working on the interface to connect to to pervoice . ( g ) uhm . ( b ) uh , so the integration of this asr and and slt will be done once between pervoice and alfaview . and then it will be used for the online meetings and two for the life meetings like separately . and you will not be involved in the in the life meetings happening . and then y- you are involved in the in the running of the event . no , you sorry , you are not involved in the running of the events at all . uh , uh , but you are involved in the dissemination part around that . so the dissemination work-package is is the 1 , that i would like you to populated with as many tasks as as you can find out . i \u2019 d like not many number , but the but clearly specified activities for for those tasks . and the only one that i have so far , is that we could run a workshop on nlp technologies at the eurosai congress . so that we will have all the representatives of of those countries and we this is nice place to promote promote the technologies there . so we will be saying: \u201ehere , at the planary session you see the interpreting and this is done by these universities and and the systems . \u201d and and by the way , we have this discussing platform , which is better than gotomeeting because it does the recording and we are starting , it will be in the middle of 2nd year , so and we are starting on the automatic minuting . \u201eso aside from recordings of the session and its transcript , which is already available , you will also get an automatic a summary . \u201d and and then we can collect user feedback . so what would they like the have and this is all the as if if if we promise to this , i i hope that sao will like sao h- supposedly have seen this . uh , so then we will have access to the 50 eurosai the the supreme audit institute across europe . and this is people , who have their meetings every now and then with various partners . so this is a great great venue to talk to . so hopefully , we will have this chance and it \u2019 s good to to the plan it . so this is something , where alfaview should be active , in the dissemination of of the other work , not in not in the running the the the actual technologies for the for the workshop and for the conference . so is that clear ? so for for this - this is like a little conference only for ourselves , among totally like nontechnical people . the the c- cebit activity is the different one . it \u2019 s among the technical people , who already like , are partly interested in these technologies and they are like looking where to where to use this . this is for the potential users who are not aware of the fact , that they could even use gotomeeting like sao it \u2019 s it \u2019 s it \u2019 s a pretty advance probably , that they use gotomeeting . ( g ) um , kitty , can you can you answer that question ? or ? ( i ) yeah , uh , yeah , we are working on this work-package . ( b ) uhm . ( i ) um , we will define a bit more about the the task like cebit and the all things you \u2019 ve mentioned and we \u2019 ve mentioned already much about the feedback you \u2019 ve mentioned in your task . uh . ( b ) yeah . so that \u2019 s \u2013 yeah . that \u2019 s something , that \u2019 s it \u2019 s usually when you already have the people . it \u2019 s it \u2019 s good to ask them something . and you can easily do it with google forms . and then you gather something and you add it it as an attachment to to report . so so i propose , the deliverable again , you can you can propose any other thing , but i propose to have a deliverable that would say: \u201eyes , we \u2019 ve present it , we have this many attendees . and then we we \u2013 in the discussion it turns out , that someone like this someone like that . and then we asked everybody to fill this pool and they \u2019 ve like came back home and and we first them then and then indeed , they filled out the form . so we know , that they run 3 meetings per month and they need these languages and uh , the the the they yeah , they are very interested in or they are not at all interested in the automatic minuting . \u201d and for the automatic minuting their agendas look very different from what what we see , so \u2013 i think , it \u2019 s it \u2019 s good to ask them and to record what what we get . and it \u2019 s not too much w- extra work . tha- it is some editing work obviously and some organization work . but it \u2019 s uh , it \u2019 s like it \u2019 s worthwhile because we get input as - so i \u2019 m happy to uh , to uh , like t- take part in this preparation of of that workshop and of of the feedback collection as well . uh . so i shouldn \u2019 t \u2013 ( i ) ondrej ? ( b ) ( ? ? ) . ( i ) do you to particip- participate on that workshop or is it just preparations ? ( b ) so . uh , the for the wo \u2013 well , i \u2019 ll be here definitely for the for the conference because that \u2019 s \u2013 i \u2019 ll be the checking whether the mt systems run and and and all that . uh , whether i can like personally present at the workshop is something , that we should leave of for future decision , like depending on how many people have we have in the team and and all that , but in principle yes . but i \u2019 m afraid , that i \u2019 ll be also uh , uh , like \u2013 i \u2019 ve i know , i \u2019 ve organized several similar workshops . and when i \u2019 m organizing , it \u2019 s hard to find time to actually present . so if if you do the the organization or sao does the organization and this is something , that should be li- kept flexible . so so far , the number of person-month here is very limited . so you you say , how many person-months do you want to have to work on the dissemination overall and how many person-months do you want to work on on this particle workshop , in the preparation in the presents and and also in the reporting and uh , uh , based on that , well , you or ourselves or sao will will do it . and and the i can contribute that . if it \u2019 s in the proposal and if you don \u2019 t do the work , then , well , i \u2019 ll i \u2019 ll have to as as the coordinator , i \u2019 ll have to somehow have the work done . so \u2013 yeah , i hope that i \u2019 m answering your your question . so i \u2019 m happy to contribute ideas . and but when the time our is running out and i \u2019 m i \u2019 m totally busy then . yeah , i might be silent as well . but if i promised to to give a talk at the workshop , i \u2019 ll be there . so \u2013 yeah . ( g ) okay . ( b ) so it \u2019 s \u2013 yeah . so one thing , that is \u2013 when when working on these tasks , please , always keep in mind that the task should be put into some specific time . so for example , for the cebit , if we can know the dates or the the particular part of the year , we can plan the task for for that very occasion which is done here for the congress . uh , the task should be actually the longer because it it should digest also the results from the the congress . or or i \u2019 ll probably extend this reaction . if the task is something , like totally , uh , what what lasting overall we we - i don \u2019 t know the word . so which which runs all the time such as the the publishing , posting some tweets or or whatever then make that task run through all the project . but it \u2013 i like to h- see some structure in the timing . so if if the task that you come up with have a sensible time placement , please , make use of that . if there is no sensible the time constraining , then make them run through all the project and that \u2019 s that \u2019 s fine too . ( i ) okay . ( b ) the 1 task , which is kind of missing is the website . so the reason is that i \u2019 ve copied the the management work-package from a project . and the uh , management had this \u2013 where i saw that ? internal website , yes . so it has internal project website and public project website and updates . so there is no task in the management on the website , but there is deliverable , which does not make much sense . so i \u2019 ll move these deliverable to the dissemination . and i \u2019 ll um , also create or you or i will create the task for the website . so there there should be one task in the dissemination for the for the website and the associated deliverables is the 1 that you have just seen . uh , i don \u2019 t know if \u2013 yeah . at least , if nothing more we should have like annual or we we uh , uh , w- annual reports on the dissemination , which would these would be shorter documents , but they would just say like: \u201ewe have attended these conferences . \u201d and the the the that \u2019 s that \u2019 s only to to like justify the costs that that ( ? ? ) . so remember , in the budget , there is the direct costs and you should plan the roughly the spending for for the travels to w- w- whatever occasions . and then , if you want to claim these , there it \u2019 s nice to have report that mentions , that we were there and we presented this because then in the in the like spending ( section ) see , there is the report and and uh , the report shows \u2013 yeah . it it \u2019 s just fits together . so that \u2019 s why the reports are good , but they should be short . we don \u2019 t want to like spent too much time writing them . okay . so is that all clear ? i think i think , that i should really stop because it \u2019 s too too many . the more i speak , the more items is is there on your to-do list and that \u2019 s bad . so the - ( g ) yeah , i think we sh- we \u2019 ve got that quite some tasks now . ( b ) ( g ) um , yeah . ( b ) so the \u2013 please , i think france , you should probably focus only on the platform . like because this is something that i \u2019 m relying on you . so you will decide , how do which which base which bases do we choose . or are you say: , ,we failed to to deliver anything . \u201d and in that case , uh , the the demonstrator will be well , just web page that reloads and shows the shows the minutes or ther so there there is simplistic solutions uh , . ( g ) yeah , so f- f- first i guess , we will do the best-case scenario and talk about that , talk about that tools , talk about the implementation and then maybe \u2013 ( b ) to the fallback . ( g ) yeah , to the fallback solutions and yeah . ( b ) yes , yes , exactly , yeah . yeah , yeah and brigite and and carolina , if if you could work on the tasks in the dissemination , that would be the most useful a bit . like to to structure what you have you have already proposed many of those in in the paragraph , that you have written . so just try structure it , so that we can populate this this work-package with with the structured information . ( h ) yes , alright . ( g ) yeah , okay . ( b ) okay , yeah . so thanks a lot for for so many items on your to-do list . ( g ) ( b ) but , i i i \u2019 m not showing you my to-do list . ( g ) yeah . ( b ) yeah . i \u2019 ll i \u2019 ll again send a doodle pool for call next week . so well - and and most importantly , i \u2019 ll send an e-mail f- to dario to learn where we can synchronize on the on the integration of work-package . ( g ) alright . ( b ) ( ? ? ) . okay , so thanks a lot . thanks for for ( ? ? ) and just like with this thing ( ? ? ) write it well . ( g ) ( b ) yeah , thank you too . ( b ) okay . ( g ) and ( ? ? ) you thank you . alright , bye , bye . ( b ) see ya . ( ? ? ) bye , bye . ( h ) bye . ( ? ? ) bye , bye .", "tgt": "an update on sao status . a partner in the b part , in the actual application 3rd part , linked through other partners . a separate columns in the budget draft especially for sao - later included in total afterward . technically , standalone partner contributing a few person-months . leadership of work-packages . cuni - multilingual mt , management and probably also keeps minuting . uedin will lead data work-package . involvement on partners in the integration work-package 6. everybody to check and provide input till tomorrow to draft should be completed . deliverables . publishing platform - software and report ( not confirmed yet ) . other events after the eurosai event for month 32 - a report about running . first engine integrated with the platform . first preparatory event at sao . unified communication platform integrated - could also be deliverable , it \u2019 s on the agreement between alfaview and pervoice . eurosai event - also deliverable - a report in the form of journal paper describing technical aspects of the running the event . automatic minuting integrated with platform - first version . the project name probably elitr - nicer content and spelled-out version . presentation of the respective work-packages by work-package leaders - at first to decide who leads which wp . wp1 - data - the data for speaker and accent adaptation . kit - the leading partner . a budget contribution - kit and uedin to consider: number of demanded hours per speaker , number of speakers for recordings - adaptation purposes and presence at the conferences . external resources for mt and slt . a new data will be created only for the asr adaptation . kit to add tasks and uedin to estimate the number of devoted person-months . collecting minuting data . to gather existing online meetings and manually revise the transcript . creating and collecting documents - agendas , minutes for making training and test sets . initial release if the training data month 6 , a final release at the end of second year . three different test sets months 10 , 20 , 30 . the corpus of the minutes - training data for the summarization . wp2 as robustness of acoustic modeling . wp2 as semi-supervised language adaptation . wp2 as lifelong learning during deployment . wp2 as deliverables missing . wp3 slt transcript normalization . wp3 slt developing methods to increase the robustness of mt systems towards noisy input texts . wp3 slt end-to-end speech text translation . wp3 slt deliverables: three prototypes - alignment of prototypes are required . wp3 slt deliverables: reports in the middle and at the end of the project . wp3 slt suggestion to include some languages for business reasons . wp3 slt a question to alfaview about languages in their interest - english , spanish , chinese would also be good . wp3 slt actually is also listed arabic and kazakh . wp4 multilingual mt . wp4 the baseline model - cuni , kit , uedin - it runs during the first half on first year . wp4 two purposes: delivery of the mt to pervoice into the integration and for the research afterward . wp4 suggestion to go some of the languages only for the multilingual systems . wp4 document-level translation - runs throughout three years . wp4 for speech and also for the test . multi-target mt - in the first year . for the conference in the middle of the second year - translation from 6 to 43 languages . multi-source - second year . training on more sources of language to gain in translation quality . flexible multilingual mt . capable of translating from one-more languages into one-more languages at the same time . deliverables missing - probably yearly reports and one deliverable on the baseline mt models . the gaps in introductory sections: partner description - everybody has to mention two people . objectives , the relation to the work program , the early parts of the concept: everyone should read it and comment it . methodology polishment required - two partners for each part . remote conferencing - reviewed by kit . the state of asr missing - to write by kit and uedin to review . mt incomplete - cuni to fill and uedin will review it . slt - hopefully written by uedin , reviewed by cuni . the summarization is also probably finished - kit to review it . minuting tools - reviewed by alfaview . handling people - should be reviewed by everyone . the concept seems rather weak - alfaview to provide further dissemination . ambition missing - will be written by cuni . expected impacts - everyone to review it , every suggestion is welcome . impact maximization - alfaview to derive specific tasks for dissemination work-package . managing social media , local press releases , cebit - description and planned activities . wp5 minuting: discussion about the task \u201c the live minute platform . \u201d . wp5 minuting: collaboration between cuni and alfaview is necessary . wp5 minuting: according to alfaview , it is not doable with the scope of this project - only in case , it would be found some co-editing solution , especially for the actual project . wp5 minuting: the first year - only research focused on online solutions - in case of failure end here for a while . wp5 minuting: the second year - a possibility of implementing the interface . wp5 minuting: deliverables - two research reports to first year ( initial , final ) and demonstrator . wp6 the integration of the system . wp6 the integration with the unified platform - alfaview to describe the task . wp6 the integration of the minuting: av , cuni , pv - clarification of the role of pv - transcript generation . task 6.3 will be replaced by task 5.5 wp7 dissemination . wp7 lead by alfaview - to populate tasks and to specify activities . wp7 workshop on nlp technology at the eurosai congress . wp7 to promote and disseminate technologies and collect user feedback . wp7 cuni also plans to contribute to the organization of the workshop and feedback collection . wp7 deliverables - a short report about the workshop . every task should be put into some specific time . cuni or alfaview have to create task related to the website . france should focus only on the platform task , brigitte and carolina mainly to dissemination task ."}
{"src": "( ? ) mary screamed out: yes , in excitement and then hugged me . when she hugged me , this amazing feeling of joy rushed through my body . it was as if my whole body was buzzing . i have never felt anything like this before , but if this if what being charitable is like i wanted to have this feeling all of the time . to visualize this goal , i would see myself being at the ribbon cutting for a new home to be donated to a family by habitat . i would see myself being called up to hand the scissors and the keys to the new family . i could feel that feeling i had from marys hug . and i could see people clapping in joy for the new family . when i did this visualization , i would always end up with tears of joy in my eyes . goal nr . 8. i live near the beach and have a beautiful home . this i said as an affirmation , and i would have a feeling of gratitude for how happy i was from living near the beach . goal nr . 9. i own a large real estate portfolio . i also send this to reinforce goal nr . 3 of being a full time real estate investor . goal nr . 10 . i have trusted my investors and have the ability to raise large sums of money investors to close . i would say this as an affirmation ( ? ? ) goal nr . 11 . i have a great relationship with my wife . i would say this as an affirmation . and i would feel gratitude for having my wife robin . ( s ) so hello hello . ( s ) hello . ( s ) hello hello . ( ch ) good morning . ( s ) hi , eh good morning , can you hear me ? ( ch ) yes , i am going to em close the eh the ( ? ? ) . i am on a four g connection . ( s ) ok ok , cool , cool . ( ch ) ok . ( ch ) we are waiting for eh felix eh and the other guys ? ( s ) okay okay okay . ( ch ) no , its a question of mine . ( s ) i i i- i did n't hear you , please pardon . ( ch ) okay . ( ch ) are we waiting also for kit guys ? felix and paizon . ( s ) i dont i do not know i di- i did this is the first time connecting a meeting all by myself , so i am not sure . ( ch ) oh okay , welcome sangeet . ( s ) thank you thank you . so eh- ( ch ) okay . ( s ) eh eh give me a moment , please let me do some . ( ch ) yes , meanwhile i am also start checking our services if they are all online , so please tell me when we are going to start the tests because also ondrej asked me to record the ah let 's see the recap demo video for tomorrow . ( s ) aha okay . ( ch ) okay . ( s ) uh . i think even my video is not required so i shall turn it off . is that okay ? ( ch ) yes sure . ( s ) okay , thank you . ( ? another language ? ) ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) hello , hello , hello . there is no video so you you can- ( ? ) no video ? ( s ) there is no video so you can s- sit here or you need , it is- ( ? ) ( ? ? ) ( s ) okay okay okay . ( ? ) i may sit over there anyway so . ( s ) aha okay okay . ( ? ) ( ? ? ) ( ch ) okay , they are also having some kind of internet connection prob-lem , so after , at the moment so i am connected through tethering 4g connection . ( s ) i i i actually can you make your- can you increase the volume of your voice because my volume is set to maximum and this is still less audible . ( ch ) okay just a second . ( s ) okay . ( ? another language ? ) ( ch ) okay , do you hear me slightly better now ? ( s ) i think there is something wrong because there are too many plugins in my laptop , and i do not for which is input- i i i think the this is okay . or- it , are you using linux ? ( ch ) no im on a windows machine , unfortunately . ( s ) okay , okay , okay , no problem . uh i am audible , loud and clear , right ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( s ) i am audible , loud and clear , right ? ( ch ) yes , yes . ( s ) okay , okay . okay , so how how do we start ? uh , i think when it will be my voice going to ( ? ? ) platform , so okay , just to start to start everything . ( ch ) okay , for me it 's fine , but actually i think that we have to wait for eh the alpha view guys and the kit guys before starting . because andreas on the general em general channel on em ( slug ? ? ) says hes not able to see any ehm worker . but actually on ( ? ? ) web , both the original one and the second one i see workers , so maybe there is some problem on site . i do n't know . maybe we need to restart of all the systems . ( s ) okay okay i think we can till we can do some fixings okay ? ( ch ) okay . ( ? ) are you busy with something or ? ( s ) no , i am just setting . ( ? ) yeah , so but but eh so uh when you are done just tell me . ( s ) yes yes sure sure sure sure . ( ? ) im , may i just remove some , there are like ( ? ? ) these files . ( s ) yes , exactly , i will move this one . ok ok . there are actually eh two teams , fabiu and kit . they are not here so we are waiting for them right now . so as soon as they came , come , we will start . ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) so . the the this trip for . i ca n't see her . so , this should work . maybe . ( ch ) oh , hello felix . ( f ) hi . ( ch ) eh , sangeet , sorry . ehm , are you going to stream also slides for the test demo ? ok , maybe he 's away . s h-halo , so , yea- yeah , i 'm here , sorry , sorry for that halo , morning felix . ( ch ) no problem . sangeet , are you also going to stream slides for tomorrow tests ? ( s ) eh , i am not responsible for slides . i am i 'm really sorry for that , but i think dominik , ondrej , they will be the ones who will be responsible . ( ch ) yes , ehm , ok . eh , since i have to record- oh my gosh , i have internet connection problems so please , really , im really sorry , but i think that at some point my connection will fall dramatically . eh , but , em , i think that probably in order to record a a back up a video , we need also the inslide streaming . you know , to fill the presentation platform , eh , video box . what do you think ? ( s ) uhuh , yeah , i completely agree with you . so what you say shall we take any random slides , and- ( ch ) yes , , yes , i- even , even , actually it is not required to be , eh , slide . it might also be the , em , elitr website , but are you , em , able to start the , em , the streaming or do you need eh support ? ( s ) i think , eh , i am not sure , this is the first time , so i think i need to click on these files . eh , i can write , eh , uh , let me just check it . ok , yeah , i think this is the one . so , ok , and i need to download some a little presentation . ( ch ) ok , ok . ehm , meanwhile , felix , sorry , andreas was saying that he is not able to reach , eh , workers , to this morning . may i ask you to check if everything is working smoothly ? actually , i see all the workers up and running in the main web administration page but i also know that it 's not 100 % reliable . ( f ) ehm , yes , data is right , though , you , actually , different media was used in a- ( ch ) yes , i know , there are two different mediators right now , but workers are connected to both of them or not ? ( f ) uhm , i am checking right now . ( ch ) thank you so much . ( f ) uhm , i check the other one , to figure out how- ( s ) so i think this is the call- i guess it should work but please correct me if i am wrong . ( ch ) ok . actually if you are streaming and preparing uh local url- url probably you will be the only one seeing the the also this live streaming which is is fine it 's not a problem but in this case- oh , nice . ( s ) so o you can see some pdf file i think i downloaded . ( ch ) eh , yes i see it . the pexip , the pexip web application . ( s ) aha , aha yeah yeah yeah . ( f ) wait . so , explain to me again are we using alpha view tomorrow ? ( s ) yeah , i think so . yeah we are using alpha view but they are not here or online i think . ( f ) but we all , online presentation platform- ( s ) uh , one , let me let me verify it , ehm . i think uh we , we do not have alpha view today . uh it is just per voice because uh i am going to the email right now by ondrej and it does not mention anywhere alpha view . ( ch ) well , eh , andreas wrote on the general channel this morning eh saying actually at 11 o'clock he were checking , he was checking the workers connections so i think that probably he 's online actually . ( f ) so i just checked into the , ( ? ? ) and we can not maintain full suite of workers , it would be nice if we narrow it down to one . ( ch ) ok . ( f ) or be the one that ( ? ? ) ( ch ) ok , ehm . if i , sorry , the , my internet connection is really bad today . so if i correctly understood you said , eh , you are able to provide workers , just for one of the two mediators . is it correct ? ( f ) ( ch ) oh gosh . ( s ) i think even i am not able to hear felix . maybe there is some short of internet connection . ( f ) but i can hear you . hm . boy , it 's actually , i will have to go quickly and to verify how long within the server ( ? ? ) one of our server , so- ( ch ) ( ? another language ? ) ok , sorry guys . since i hear you really , really bad , especially felix , i do n't know why because i i hear sangeet pretty well . i , i wrote something . ( s ) yeah even me . i hear felix pretty broken voice . ( ch ) ok , i wrote something on the select channel so we , we can also use it for communication , ehm . sorry felix , if i ask you to repeat again , , everything . i 'm so sorry , but i really didnt heard anything . may i ask you to reply in this live channel ? ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) s- sorry are you talking to me or for felix ? ( ch ) to felix . ( s ) ok , ok , ok . becau- uh , also i was , like , checking the mt 's , like , and the mts , mt workers are not running . i , i think they just seem to be stuck . ( ch ) ok , meanwhile , eh , sangeet , sorry , may i ask you to try to connect to , ehm , the ehm , try to stream subtitles to the presentation platform so we can start at least testing . ( s ) eh , hello , i think i lost you . ( ch ) ( s ) i lost your voice for a moment . ( ch ) may- may i ask you to try to stream some subtitle to the presentation platform ? ( s ) ok , sure , sure , sure , but , as i can see here , only the- eh , uh , one moment , ok , ok , yeah and ok . ( ch ) ok , ok , felix says that there are only asr workers . the the workers , the asr workers are connected only to alpha view one- ( s ) ok , aha , ok . ( ch ) ok . ( s ) so i i i started , i started the asr worker and i can see the text , but let me check per voice platform . no , i have not seen the text in here . ( ch ) ok ehm let 's wait for felix , just a second . ( s ) ok . ( ch ) ok . ehm eh , sanjeet , do you read the felix on this live channel ? ( s ) oh , ok so yeah , there are only , yeah exactly even i am also facing the re- because i , uh one thing , i am facing and- sure here is that- ok i ok i think that i too start running right now , but- why do n't i see the subtitle subtitles here . ( ch ) ok . i saw them . ehm , i saw the english and the german stream , ok nice , uhm . ( s ) ok . ok , yeah , even i can see , so- ( ch ) ok , the czech one , ok nice , ok . ( s ) and ok , i think and the ( ? ? ) is speaking , so that and and list to skip some running and not just ad hoc . appears ok , i , not , there 's no polish ( ? ? ) czech , this german- ( ch ) ok , we have czech , german , and the uhm english . ( s ) aha , yeah . ( ch ) which is pretty fine for recording a video . ( s ) yeah , yeah , but i not see anything in the presentation , so how ? how ? ( ch ) the , the video streaming . ( s ) yeah . ( ch ) me too , actually , and this is , i do n't know how you set up the the streaming . ( s ) i have no idea . ( ch ) ok , you are streaming some work and somewhere should be an hs url , the one speak the m3 , eh , you wait . so remember , ehm , but we need to configure the dul presentation . ( s ) aha , ok , i think i get it . i think i need to paste the link for the p , p , eh , pc , eh . i do n't know if this is going to work or not , but let 's try so i can see the is n't setting to edit the link for the default , the video save , um , back to home , no www , there 's nothing , so i pasted the link to the packet ( ch ) just let me check , eh eh , may i ask you to copy and paste me , also the link in this live channel , so that i can check it if it is fine or if we need something different or whatever . ( s ) so , i just pasted the web link , that 's all . ( ch ) eh , the presentation platform requires the , ehm e- , czech ( s ) i , i , i , i am losing you . i am losing you . ( ch ) ah , ok , no , i saw your link , so ehm , me- ( s ) ok , so you- ( ch ) m3 , u8 url , like , let me check stream . ok , i am searching for an example , just give me one second . ( s ) ah , ok , ok , ok , if you have any arbitrary link that we can use as the- ( ch ) yes , but , , yes , but usually , ehm , ehm , commercials , video , or , , or it 's probably something , its really probably better if its something really related to , ( s ) we can use anything , it is short one , that it is our aim- ( ch ) i can also explain you , how to set up a stream , also in decrease control ( ? ? ) , there should be , um , streaming , em , script , but you need to set up , uhm- ok , we can also maybe i , ok , and- ok , in this live channel , i will see an example of m of ( ? ? ) url but there could also be the case that i stream something and i record the video so that i can stream . for example , the elitr website . lets see , record the video with at least something meaningful in the video box , he let 's check this possibility . just give me one second to set up the streaming . ( s ) ok ok , so how do i get this . ok , i can see there are two sound streaming with ffpt . ( ch ) the first example i found in the- ( s ) cruise control there . so , once we test this pv platform , we are going to test an alternate web line . so , ehm , because we have issues with the dialog box , the site of the dialog box and the sentence , because it is just two lines and sometimes the subtitles as like more than two lines . so we have a web client ready , and we will be testing that too , as of today . ( ch ) eh , ok , you are allowed to test what you prefer , but i stress the fact that we need at least a video of the presentation platform , of course . ( s ) exactly , so once this is done and we are sure that this is ok and up to our expectations , we will move further ( ch ) yeah , just give me one second , that we are setting the streaming . actually we will be probably the only one seeing the video streaming , but we will be allowed to record by ourself the video and then share it with you . ( s ) yeah , yeah , ok ok ok . i think there should have been a readme file for this streaming , so that i could have ran it ok , i think i have some camera here , which , which i can run . ok , i get it . ( ch ) sorry , sangeet , i need to go upstairs one second , sorry . ( s ) ok , sure , sure , sure . please take your time , yeah ? ( ? another language ? ) ( ch ) hi guys , sorry , i am back . ( s ) there was actually some noise here , so ill just pause for a few minutes . ( ch ) hi guys , do you hear me ? ( s ) yes , i can hear you . so , do you hear me ? ( ch ) yes . we actually sees , due to our network problem . ( s ) ok , cool . ( ch ) two hour network problem . we are not video streaming right now , so we put a static ( ? ? ) . sorry . but it will work . ( s ) ok , ok . ( ch ) so , actually we are ready to record the de- the demo video . so sangeet , i- i know that i needs a lot of time . are you able and allowed to start , eh , the subtitles streaming of presentation platform , or we missed something important ? ( s ) yeah , yeah , i can start now . ( ch ) ok . my colleague is recording the video of the webpage , ehm . i can suggest- ( s ) ok , i also just start my screen recording . ( ch ) ok . this is nice , ehm . i suggested to read something related to elitr project or news or something like this general topic , but elitr project would be very nice . ( s ) uh , i did n't understand you . you mean to say my speech should evolve around elitr , everything around elitr , alright ? is that would you mean to say ? ( ch ) well , its just a suggestion if you have some interesting topic to explain us , we can listen you , really interest . ( s ) i , i i would rather go with , eh , elitr ( ? ? ) . so- ( ch ) yes . ( s ) my phone , so that i do n't have to switch windows . alright . ok , i have some document printed to- yeah i- sure , sure , sure . ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) my screen recording seems to work . or i think you also doing the screen recording , right ? ( ch ) yes , but a back up is always appreciated . ( s ) yes , because of my screen recording just seems to appear black and just audio . so little on when this demo is over . ( ch ) yes . ( s ) i would really appreciate if you could share me the recording . ( ch ) yes , of course , but since we get one safe , its better if we both record something and we will see . ( s ) ok , so the restart . ( s ) the mts from edinburgh ( ? ? ) , i told him . i really appreciate if this stay the safety purpose . ( ch ) i see the english subtitles , but not the translations . ( s ) yeah , because the mts from edinburg are not running , let me try- ( ch ) but the , eeeh , the kuni one ? the karlova university workers , you also provide the machine translation , if i call you to remember . is it correct ? ( s ) ( ch ) ok , ok , no , no , dont worry , dont worry . ( s ) do we also have the mts workers here ? we have but , ehm , is , its like not running now ok , so ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) i ( ? ? ) my input volume , so that there are noises here . so you do n't hear- ( ch ) ok , do you set we will be able to some better , uh , ( ? ? ) the interest party and ask them to- ok , so is in this connect , let me check . ( s ) ok , so he is using- ok , so felix says that they are running on 60021 . ok i think im too- ( ch ) so , ok . connection problems and i , everything , what ? maybe its better in the afternoon ? ( s ) i am losing you broken voice . ( ch ) ehm . ( s ) i think that- i think if you have windows in your computer , you have a lan connection . is that right ? wire connection in your computer . ( ch ) i see the english subtitles . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah . i , i , i am going to fix it now . ( ch ) ok , i am also writing on the slack channel . ( s ) ok , alright . ( ? another language ? ) ( ch ) ok , sangeet , are , are you fine with what i wrote on the slack channel ? ( s ) oh , i am going through it , eh , please one moment . ( ch ) yes . ( s ) yes , i agreed you , and i agree with you , that english asr is working but the mts are not . ( ch ) uhm . ( s ) but i , i , i have stopped the asr for , for , for , for now , uhm . ( s ) shall i run the asr again , or do i , like , wait for the mt ? ( ch ) sorry ? ( s ) eh , do i run the asr again , or , like , do i wait for mt ? ( ch ) uh , just we have to wait , that the machine translation services are available , so that we can record a 3 minutes video . ( s ) ok , ok , because i see the mts from edinburgh they , they , are not dist- they are not - ( ch ) yes , dominik is providing coordination on this slack channel , just wait a second , have faith , ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly . ( s ) yeah , yeah , very nice , yeah . < other _ unrecognisable _ speech ) ( ? another language ? ) ( s ) ok , i , uh , , thank you . ( s ) ok , uh , so chiara , right now the mts are running from ed-ed- edinburgh . ( ch ) oh , nice . ( s ) and i can run the asr czech and , czech and german , cool , cool , cool , so here . ( ch ) ok , i see the english subtitles . ( s ) uh , no , they are not running . i mean they are running , but someone else is using all . ( ch ) oh my gosh . ( s ) there something wrong . aha , ok , sorry , sorry . ok , i , i there , no . ( ch ) oh . ( s ) chiara , do you , do you write me ? ( ch ) yes , and , and i see the subtitles . it- ( s ) ok , i so- ( ch ) ok , you are allowed to start using the- ( s ) ok , so you can , i can start recording . ( ch ) yes , we are , we were already recording . we record the whole session . ( s ) ok , so , ok , ok , so what do we do next ? ( ch ) well , you can start reading something relating to the elitr project or some topic . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , exactly , so i will start . ok , so i will read the relation to the work program , so . running the public administration of business in a multilingual environment that requires frequent and , and , undelayed communication across languages . our two partners , fao and ev , are typical representatives of two major types of industrial users . fao , the supreme audit office of the czech republic and an active member in the european organization of the supreme audit institution eurosai , contacted cuni , in late 2016 , seeking for technological guidance and support in faos contribution to the eurosai mission . improving cooperation and innovation among the 50 congress , among the 50 eurosai members . fao as part of its upcoming presidency , presidency of eurosai , will be joining the eurosai congress in may 2020 in prague , and the aim is to provide automatic interpreting into the languages of all audit reports and other documents by eurosai members into all eurosai languages . even this particular domain of public administration language barriers cause a considerable hindrance for both written and spoken form of communication . audit documents are created in national languages and translated only into english , if at all . to keep translation costs manageable , at the same regular employs , holidays of fais are not expected to speak foreign languages at live meetings . ( ? ? ) representatives often lack sufficient language proficiency to actively participate in the discussions , anyway , in english . the communication can be difficult , with strong accents of international participants . interpreting is not always available , not to mention its cost . ev offers the alpha view video conferencing platform to many companies and institutes , to facilitate meetings regardless of their location . this project should lead to new opportunities for connecting people , not just location , independent but also regardless of which language they speak . professional interpreters represent a high cost factor , which is difficult to justify for small meetings or training courses . a video conference- conferencing system , with integrated translation and automated minuting , brings a new level of efficiency within a corporate context . that new development will facilitate and improve exchange for companies with their offices , subsidiaries , or partners across country borders . so i think is this ok , or do i need to read more ? ( ch ) eh , may i ask you , uh , uh , just for test , eh ? i hear you reading really really fast . are you experienced in asr technology , do you know how the consolidation of hypotheses works ? sangeet do you hear me ? ( s ) no , i think maybe . ( ch ) ok , no , no , it 's fine , it 's fine . ( s ) yeah , i hear you loud and clear . ok , so i think maybe dominik would be the right person to answer this . ( ch ) no , no , no , stay , stay , please , please stay , i am just giving you the suggestion . ( s ) i am staying . im here , im here . ( ch ) try- ok , ok . try to read , to slightly , slowly , especially think of pauses on full stops because pauses are interpret as , ok , one sentence is finished , and can go the next evaluation . may i ask you to read , ehm , just one paragraph . ( s ) ok . sure , sure , sure , so i rather- ( ch ) nice , just one paragraph . we do not need to repeat everything , ok ? thank you . ( s ) ok , ok , sure , let me find , fine and easy . yeah , so . our main technical innovations will be geared towards unified natural language processing platform , in comprising robust adaptable speech recognition , enter into spoken language translation , machine translation capable of handling hundreds of language pairs , and considering the entire context of the document , and automatic summarization of discussions into meeting minutes . the- ( ch ) i do n't know what happened . i see no subtitles at all right now . sangeet do you hear me ? some internet connection problem maybe . sangeet do you hear me ?", "tgt": "creation of a demo video . to record a video of a speaker with simultaneous multilingual subtitles . due to continues technical difficulties with audio transmission and internet connections the goal was not completed . no new tasks assigned ."}
{"src": "( o ) hello . yes . hi chiara . ( c ) hi . ( o ) hello , hi . so i just talked to milos , and he was not ( ? ? ) of the call , and he will join us in about fifteen minutes . so . ( c ) ok . ( o ) i think its important that uh , that , he also confirms what what we will be presenting a the what what is what would be the technical . ( c ) of course , we can wait for milos . no problem . ( o ) or we could or we could start with the uh , the technical things that are not the important for uh , for him , so . ( c ) okay , just give me a second . ( o ) dario or ivan ? ( c ) yep , exactly . ( o ) so lets wait . lets wait . ( c ) i just going to check if dario will join us or not because actually he is on another call . ( o ) oh so and does the pexip link work ? like i heard your uh , complained about the number of participants . hello . thats not doing anything . it is . ( c ) no , unfortunately , dario will not join us . ( o ) ok . ( c ) i 'm sorry . i will try to do my best , in answering your technical questions regarding the architecture of the audio service . which , is that absolutely not my scope . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) okay . ( o ) ivan , and ivan ? we are still waiting for ivan right ? ( c ) no ivan will not join the meeting . i will report him the the outcome . yep . ( o ) okay and i also dont expect zdenek sir the the head of the the boss of milos to to join . so , well . i dunno how to start . there are too many things . i think that we should , yes . so , one thing is that , have you ever worked with uh , with the subtitling sorry , with with the capturing the video from machine like video mixer , the device that carlsruhe has recommended us epifun . so so are are you by the way are you looking elitr vg vat document ? ( c ) yep , but unfortunately i have no experience with with the video mixer sorry . but we can ( ? ? ) together of course . ( o ) yeah , yeah yeah . so so actually maybe i 'll i 'll start sharing my screen and another thing is that that this session is hopefully being recorded . i hope you do not ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yes , no no no problem . ( o ) just screen , so that you know exactly where i am looking at . so this epifun , thats a device that you connect to the video output of whatever presentation computer , and it will . and then you connect , the other end to usb . and it works as the webcam for the for the like video , mixing notebook . so what you get is is fake webcam . and this webcam sees , what is on the screen of the main presentation system . ( c ) okay . ( o ) and i have worked with that we have tested . we bought one the price was about 300 euros . i think or maybe . yeah . something like that , maybe more , and maybe 400 euros , and then uh , its . it works . technically it works . if you can accept both vga and hdmi . the webcam size is like does not always match the rectangle of the of the screen . but somehow it is all there . but the compression seems sometimes a bit too aggressive . so it distortes a little the image of the of that screen . ( c ) ok . you plan to use these kind of solution to cast these lights . let say . ( o ) so this is a that is that is something that we need to discuss . ( c ) okay . ( o ) this is the easiest to set up so big . this is the easiest to attach to anyone 's machine . so whoever will be presenting . we could simply plug this in and steal the image , and then do the video mixing , and all that . if we are . so this is something for for milos , also to check , and i will invite him for for that . but there is a slight risk that . sao will say that the distortion of the screen is is too bad . and we dont want this . ( c ) oh , okay . ( o ) and then , so . ( c ) oh what happened . ( o ) yeah sorry i 'm . hello , does it work again ? ( c ) yes . ( o ) so sorry for some reason it just died . ( c ) thats not a problem . ( o ) yeah , it is a problem . i dont like . so wha- what have you still heard . ( c ) we arrived at ( ? ? ) sao sees that ( ? ? ) epifun solution is not good due to quality of the image . ( o ) well sao , well sao has not saved said that yet . so it is possible . so its only if sao says , so maybe they will say , i 'm just working on this in the case if they dont like it . yeah . and then the question is , can we duplicate the duplicate video signals somehow . so hdmi from presentation notebook to overhead projector . so no subtitles . mixed in . and at the same time . yep , sorry . and at the same time to be epifun . would you ? would you know how to do this ? ( c ) well , actually , if we say that there is no requirement on having the subtitles on the main stage . we can run epifun in order to cast those lights . and use the the usual , the desktop sharing to cast the slides on the main stage for example . ( o ) but then the video quality is already bad , because it go through epifun . thats what i 'm saying . so as soon . so . ( c ) you say that . okay . ( o ) yeah i 'm i 'm my my worry is that whenever we do anything with the video signal from the presentation machine to the overhead projector . we will decrease the quality . so i think we should go only directly to the overhead a projector . ( c ) how bad be the , please . ( o ) yeah . at the at the same time we we need to steal the image . so the question is how to uh , produce a video from a from random computer , a presentation notebook or whatever directly to the overhead screen , the ( ? ? ) projector . and at the same time to steal it . uh , for uh , for the streaming . ( c ) well , actually , it and probably could be done in the video mixer . but i i 'm not an expert about the mixers so . audio and video . ( o ) ( ? ? ) video mixer , we actually always meant only the epifun and a notebook . so the the the epifun is stealing the image but its not creating any copy of that any further . it is they are actually putting it to usb and the webcams ( ? ? ) signal . and then . ( c ) let me check what epifun is . ( o ) well , i 'll i 'll . thats a company . paste the link . we have the link probably already . but . so this is , this is the this is the link . ( c ) okay , got you . ( o ) yeah . it says ( ? ? ) . and it probably is . but the problem is that full hd is still too bad for like compared to the direct presentation . ( c ) well , actually its says that it cast high definition videos . and we have to cast slight than how bad could became an image . ( o ) yeah , it is . well so i 'll okay , so lets lets leave this question for later on for milos . ( c ) of course i will check it with dario which is much more experienced than me on this kind of things . okay , we check it . ( o ) yeah so the question for the dario would be this . can we duplicate video signal somehow so that it would go to the overhead projector uninterrupted and at the same time to epifun , so we would only get a copy . ( c ) yep . um . probably ( ? ? ) two different epifun ( ? ? ) an external a video card . ( o ) no , it is , well , yes or no it depends . but its epifun is invisible to the presentation notebook , so from where you are presenting the slides or you could be playing youtube videos or whatever . epifun is invisible to that . epifun is is sits where the overhead would normally be , but instead of beeming it to the wall it sends it through usb as a webcam signal to another machine . and there in the another machine you can do with this webcam video whatever you like . you can show it live on the screen , and then you can like further project it with an overhead projector or you can also do the streaming thats for whoever is else is watching . so the i think for the streaming the quality is good . it is definitely ok , we can not expect to pass more through the network , a , but for the overhead projection . it is little bit distorted . it simply it is . so the question is how to how to do the like duplicate the signal so that we get it separately to the overhead projector . and to epifun without epifun interfering in this presentation . so thats the , the simple question . ( c ) okay , i took the notes and i hope we can back with some answer . ( o ) yeah . thank you . so we , i still dont have . i see dont see milos here in the call . oh , hello milos , are you here . we can see you but we dont hear you . so milos is there with instances . ( c ) yep . ( o ) so . so before milos solves the sound issues . then we can discuss the other thing . and thats the streaming of the slides . have you had chance to look at the simple solution . ( c ) no . ( o ) ok , yeah . ( c ) no unfortunately no , but we will do it absolutely . and we i want to check the ( ? ? ) you mentioned in the last meeting . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) okay , we will check it . ( o ) yeah , so . i have no experience with html stream viewers . so it would be very good . i 'll now highlight this again with word . so i 'm i 'm for the download on the google doc . i think that that sharing the screen killed my machine . so i wont do that . ( c ) okay , no problem . ( o ) yeah . so i 've highlighted now involved this . uh , the thing about stream viewers . so your presentation platform , will be presented from a web browser right ? ( c ) yep . so it could be used also ( ? ? ) on personal devices and also presenting full screen lets say on the main stage , which was one of the the requirements . ( o ) yes , that is that is very good think it is also the the uh , like the the most flexible solution for for the future . i 'm um , but we need to have the video player for the slides portable . and i have no experience with this . so if you could along with checking for the latency issue in this repository in this one that i highlighted now . if you could if you could also paste or like a push a file an html file , which will would does demo of of the streaming . so just empty page with one video player in there that place a realtime video from the rtm protocol . this would be very useful so that i could also like test it on my side , and and see how that . ( c ) yeah , ok . we , can do it , of course . i can not promise you when . we will do it , but we can provide you some kind of raw example . ( o ) yeah . this this presentation of of the stream is an important part for the participants if we are able to stream the slides . we need the participants to be able to see them . uh . so um it . it should be ready by the end of june as well . and the sooner you had the sooner you send me some useful html code the sooner i can test it on my side . because yeah . so there is still one option , and that would be direct screen grabbing . so we could live without epifun . if the presentation notebook is the same as the video streaming notebook . so if you were like presenting the slides from the same machine that will do the streaming , uh ? then this machine would be doing standard like stream screen casting . so it would be presenting sending the uh , its screen . uh , to the uh , the the the the read read ( ? ? ) particle server . and then , um , the the same machine would be presenting the video signals to the overhead projector uninterrupted with no epifun in between . and then the same machine would be sending this stream of of office the screen to everybody . uh , and with this setup , we would not have the problem of of the decreased quality . uh , i 'm , we would have to . ( c ) if i correctly understood this second scenarion could be the one where the on the presentation laptop we read the vid- slides directly from the . yep , exactly . and then we capture the screen and we cast it . ( o ) yes , yes . ( c ) ( ? ? ) okay . oh it sounds a little bit more tricky for me but something we can reason about it of course . ( o ) well , i dunno . i ca- i could do this in linux . so my my exam code , on this subtitling prototype streaming in this repositary . that already shows how to grab the screen and send it . so i can . i can run the the web server for this live streaming on linux machine , and it will emmit its screen as screencast . so this this work for me but sao may not like to present their presentations from linux laptop . so thats my worry again . so they would have to convert the the presentations to something that is viewable correctly on linux . which is pdf 's um , but they dont normally work with pdf 's . so i dunno know if they would accept that , and then the machine has to be strong enough to present the slides comfortably , and and stream the the the screen , which should be doable . uh ? so i think this is this is like , technically the preferred option , because it has the fewest components . it is single system single machine and it it does directly the screaming the epifun is not involved . so that that look good . it also in principle , offers the option to mix in the subtitles with some on screen displays . so there is a library for linux , that can write subtitles directly on the screen . i have not played played with this . like recently , about i 've done that some years ago , uh , for just when when i wanted a some notifications . so , so it was from simple scripts . i like pasted notifications that appeared on my screen . so i think it . it could be doable . in that case , the uh , the presentation client would have to be different . uh . so it would be not . uh , not html thing . but it would be something which grabs the subtitles from a particle plays , and then the presents them with this on screen display . so i dont expect that you would like to implement this . but we could do it . so there is a number of the conditions that have to be met for the solutions to to be to be the chosen one . one of this is that sao is happy with that . uh , the other one is that we are able like setup the streaming in that it works . and optionally that we are able to develop a client that reads the subtitles and present them on screen . so thats to me . this would be the cleanest solution . yeah . lets see . the the the the set up that you have for . uh , the city of rome , uh , that is being presented with an overhead projector or only stream over the web . i saw a demo . ( c ) you see the live subtitling service in the ( ? ? ) . actually it is performed by the the the audio video service of the rooms ( ? ? ) . there is some mixer who performs the streaming i can check with our technician of course . so in order to understand that little bit more , how the streaming is performed . but its performed by another company . ( o ) okay . yeah . ( c ) the audio service one . ( o ) yeah and it is visible in the setup that i saw . so i saw someone presenting , and the like talking of the the use of city council of the city of rome , and there were subtitles next to the the the person in some greyish , with a little grey background , and i assumed that this video is available only over the internet , and it is never displayed on any screens in the rooms themselves , or is it ? is it like the projected , no ? . ( c ) no , no . its only casted . ( o ) yeah , okay . so then if we if we were the only casting . then we would be of the same quality level that epifun is good for . but we need the the the slides , so thats different . so we still dont have milos on the call , is that possible . so disconnected disconnected . so i 'm available now okay . so can you talk milos ? we dont hear you milos . okay . yes , so one thing that i really need to review . what i have not reviewed is the document that you wrote . and milos is surely not seen it either . so maybe if you could quickly through the document with us once milos is there . ( c ) yes , sure . ( o ) that would be the best option . so if if sreen sharing works for you . ( c ) i will try , yes . okay . ( o ) so where is milos . is he is he online . i can hear you but okay . okay . chiara will present and you need to type fast , and before before chiara so milos is here . so i 'll quickly talk about the begging of the google document and then chiara will present the the details . so the hardware setup is that there are some self-presentation computer that goes to video mixer , and the video mixers ( ? ? ) epifun . so ( ? ? ) i should say . so hdmi or vga . to video grabber we have one then this goes to elitr video mixing notebook . and that goes to ( ? ? ) via ethernet to all the participants as a stream and . the video output of this notebook to the main screen . uh , discussed milos need to come to ondrej or vice versa . and we need to test epifun with the overhead projector . and real slides , so that sao confirms the video quality . and there is , yeah , so this is the ( ? ? ) . so here is the the question to dario for for the for the like for the case if the quality of the video grabbing is not sufficient and then . the option b which is here . option b. sao presentation computer is directly the video mixing computer of elitr . it is used for reading slides in their format pdf . serving the or screen grabbing . grabbing of its own screen , serving the stream of the screen to the ethernet and then presenting its screen to overhead projector . and then receiving subtitles and presenting them as osd on screen . display over the presentation so . option b the benefits . best quality of slides . then need to implement , oh thats not a benefit . drawbacks need to implement the subtitles to osd and . single machine no , epifun needed . and another drawback is that linux only ondrej cant imagine doing this in windows although it is surely possible to but i dont have the programming experience for that . yeah , so milos please confirm in writing that you will talk to me and that we will test if we can go for option a . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) oh yeah , it works , great . ( mil ) finally , but ( ? ? ) unfortunately ( ? ? ) things you said . ( o ) oh okay , so there is two options in short . we , need to meet . and we need to test the video grabbing from your presentation machine . and presenting it also to your overhead projector , and you will confirm whether the quality of the slides is sufficient um . and if it is , then a perfect . we will go for something which is now called option a. uh . and i hope this would be the case . the option b is that , um , we would need to the the . we would need to do the presentation and mixing of the slides on the same machine , um . and in that case , i think it would have to be linux , machine . so the slides for the workshop would have to be in pdf or something that linux can present well . it could also be html slides like google slides . uh , but it can not be powerpoint . yeah so . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) use some ( ? ? ) not work . ( o ) yes exactly . so thats the thats the limitation . and its why i call it option b. so lets hope for option a. and if this is if we go for the option a. its ideal , because we can use the same . the same presentation platform that pervoice will develop for all our purposes . it will be for handheld devices . it would be for uh , the main presentation . and in in a full screen mode . it would be for the participants notebooks . so when can we meet ? this is something that we need to discuss . so let me know one day when i can come to you . probably i 'll bring the video mixer , and you will need to have the overhead projector ready , and some presentation notebook as the test one . and some presentations and will present it in through the video grabber , and we will see how that works . okay . so now , lets look at the . yeah ? ( mil ) ( ? ? ) video . ( ? ? ) . ( o ) okay . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i 'll stop my webcam . how do i stop that . yeah . i stopped my webcam , so this should reduce the load . oh . chiara ? are you still there ? yes . your video is also stopped . ( c ) yes yes , i stopped too . i 'm going to upload the document of the functional analysis . so we can have a look at it together . ( o ) yeah . ( mil ) ok i stopped my video completely , i will see if it works . but yesterday yeah ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah , it works . okay , so lets lets keep looking unitl chiara uploads the the en- analysis the functional analysis document . we can look at the vg vat google document . and there is the item overview of the presentation modes to be supported that vg vat . and this is mainly for milos to confirm . so a subtitles on the main screen . are we expected to do them . i assume the answer is yes unless we . ( c ) yes , of course . yes of course . ( mil ) i am not sure . i 'm getting ( ? ? ) i think you want to try i think we are in different to it . ( o ) okay , yeah okay . so thats true . elitr wants to try it . sao is in different , i dunno how many ( ? ? ) . or sao sao . so we will try . yeah , so the preffered solution is indeed , as we discussed the presentation platform has the full screen no waste mode , so that the exact same presentation platform can be used in people 's web-browsers , and on the elitr video mixing notebook . and the fallback solution is this is hacking , uh , or possibly a , uh , yeah and fallback solutions c. and we have a fallback solution b , as well . fallback solution b c above . subtitles on each participants notebook . so is this expected or again sao is in different . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) . ( o ) say it again . ( mil ) this is expected . ( o ) this is expected , okay . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) on the notebooks in front ( ? ? ) . ( o ) this is expected by sao . i cant hear , so maybe please type into the google document what exactly is expected . is it or i 'll have it every participant , yeah ( ? ? ) . every participant is free to choose . uh , the uh , the language . they like right ? um , should they see more ? should is should be allowed to see more languages . ( mil ) yeah sure , why not ? ( o ) yeah . okay . ( mil ) its after them which language works for them the best , ( o ) yeah . ( c ) um , sorry just a question . able to see more than one language subtitle at the same time ? ( o ) yes , i assume . ( c ) okay . i 'm asking if the participant is free to choose the language and one or more than one . and when more than one language is selected . more than one subtitle is displayed . okay . milos ? ( mil ) ( ? ? ) ondra to decide how he wants it . ( ? ? ) participants should definitely be able to ( ? ? ) . because ( ? ? ) language for them . but regarding the multiple languages i dunno will it be usable with slides in the background . ( c ) no it in my opinion no . but i was asking in order to check it of course . ( o ) yeah , yeah . so i was thinking about the lecture translator . i 'm sure you know the interface . chiara . ( c ) yes . ( o ) ( ? ? ) yeah . - i think that it can be very useful for the participants to follow both . ( c ) oh , okay . because the translation at some for the level of like confusion . so for this purpose . i think it would be useful to allow , two languages ( ? ? ) to choose up to two languages . so uh . so the screen layout would be like the top part would be the slides . and then the bottom part of would be either just one like bench , like like one bar off of the subtitles , or this same bar split into two with two subtitles in english . well , again languages of of your choice . so so they could decide to follow french , and ( ? ? ) they mother tongue polish or something like that . ( c ) mm-hmm . ( o ) it could be useful for the for the participant . following three of the languages is something which is probably not going to be useful for more people than me than myself and others . so i do not think that three languages would be necessary . uh , and if you if it is hard for you . i think it is okay , to say that only one language has to be chosen . ( c ) well , actually its not the more hard , than displaying one language . but for me is actually i knew knew functional requirements , then probably it will not be ready for june , but for 2020 it could be done . ( o ) yeah , okay yes . so please take a note and please . ( c ) yes . ( o ) yeah yeah okay . so . sorry . yeah okay . one critical thing is this is no need to restart the session . it must be reconnect automatically , and that applies to all the components . so i 'm highlighting this . because i know from the the the fair where we tested the technology . that that we restarted the underlying client . so eb eb client and the the sessions and the worker pipeline . many times during the day , and every time it created a new session id . so every time we also had to change the uh , the , the presentation , we have to touch the presentation device . and first of all we do not want to like notify the participants that they need the restart that client . and and they need to like like i use a different id somewhere . and second for the main screen . we , also dont want any restarts . we dont . we dont want to to have to go to that machine . we just want this machine to reconnect automatically whenever the underlying service is changed . so i hope that your setup allows this , so that there is like a symbolic name of the session , and that the main screen presentation as well as the participants connect to this symbolic name . and the underlying session id 's can be the totally like regenerated many times and it . it will gracefully jump from one another . to follow those sessions . is that . ( c ) ok probably , the presentation blocks ( ? ? ) way respects to the the these ( ? ? ) clients of the ( ? ? ) . it will be just lets see . publishing platform . then there will be something on the pervoice service architecture who will push subtitles to the presentation platform . in order to manage the . the . the case where a worker dissapear or there some problem . we have reasoned about it . and we choose to define a kind of queue of streams when a stream dissapear it start taking subtitles from a different stream . for example if we are going to display english subtitles , okay . now we are going to display german subtitles translated from the english stream . and these pipe in at some point dissapears . maybe we can display german subtitles translated from the interpreters . from the one who speaks lets say russian russian translated into german and display this stream . we have decided to manage it with kind of fullback queue lets say . these should should work . and it actually , its not that easy to manage it in order to also restart taking subtitles from the prefered stream when it comes back . of course we ( ? ? ) . ( o ) this was my question . so what if what if the main . setup that we prefer the most becomes available again . how do we notify the overhead presentation platform to ( ? ? ) again . ( c ) in the exact implementation we have not yet reasoned about it . but i expect that each stream for example has kind of indentification of the source . and ( ? ? ) preferd source . and we prefer always the first one lets say . when the first one comes back its it it start taking subtitles from the first one . ( o ) immediately starts taking subtitles from the first one . ( c ) this is of course just still and idea . not yet implemented . but could work in some sense this way . ( o ) yeah . there is actually two situations . one is that we want automatic and immediate fallback if something , uh , or especially if we like kill it kill the whole thing , um , and and restart it . we want the presentation systems to pick it up again . but there is also the thing that we probably need to discuss later today , like during the call . and thats , um , if there are on our side , more possible inputs . and we want to choose on the fly , which of them is the best , now . so thats like . ( c ) okay . ( o ) do we have that planned . okay , yeah so thats not planned for the call today . but i had this idea that we would be recording , uh , the many the multiple english . so actually , we could have the floor english . and then two respeakers . and we , we need some way of looking at the outputs of asr of each of those like looking at it without interrupting it . and then we need to select which one of them should be the source for the machine translation , and also , which should go to the to the main screen with the english subtitles . and this can change from speaker to speakers so to say , so . ( c ) may i ask you ? to go to , or or to check what assure on the . okay . the second image for example . ( ? ? ) six . this place whats what we call the configuration sorry . the configuration gui . you are asking to have also . lets say a box . on the right for example . for pair in order to have a preview of what is published as subtitles in order to perform . ( o ) visual check . ( c ) okay . okay , okay . but this is done at presentation level . you are asking also to choose what to send to machine translation workers . ( o ) mm-hm . yes . ( c ) ok but this is has to be done in a completely different place . because presentation platforms just receives subtitles . and its not . it doesnt perform any ( ? ? ) regarding service architecture pipes . the pipes are controlled by the fingerprint mechanism . ( o ) yeah yeah . so for this please scroll down into google document . there is a section called livestream selection . ( c ) okay . ( o ) and this is where i outlined what i would like to have in the like the backstage , uh . ( c ) sorry . livestream ( o ) selection . it is on . it has an on the side it has a note assigned to you . ( c ) ah , okay . ( ? ? ) okay , i i found it . ( o ) yeah yeah excellent . yeah . so if everything runs smoothly . we will have four or five possible inputs . asr from the floor . asr of respoken english . asr of czech . and asr of german . this will has , this will have the a double the delay , because in the . through czech . so i would like to uh , to have a multilingual stream selection worker . this is what a this is what is needed . and you see from the in in in worker that indeed , it is not related to the presentation platform . ideally , if we are able to set this up . it would be a simply user interface , that will work on the chosen sub set off asr screens as they are rolling . it will show them and like preview , as we mentioned , and a human operator would be monitoring these outputs , blocking or allowing , each of them separately . uh . so under each of the monitors screens the operator would could also manually enter ( ? ? ) . this is like really in the long term for the uh , for the 2020 , uh . so they could enter ( ? ? ) of two kinds ( ? ? ) that gets simply erased from the stream . so it . it is already a worker on its own . it is ( ? ? ) its its changing what is in the stream . but also stop words that block the uh , entire stream until manually released again . so we can easily have come to situations where we a find speaker who mispronounce his something , and we get some horrible unexpected bad words . and for this case . we first we will try to just remove the stop words from the output . but if we see that is too common , to frequently pop pop ( ? ? ) . we would ( ? ? ) say okay , whenever this happens again . just stop this input , dont consider it any further . and so this is this is something that we ideally would like to have . this is like an immediate response to some people 's uh , miss pronunciations . ( c ) okay okay . actually . you are talking about two different things probably . you are talking about lets say an application . whos able to choose the asr input for the machine translation . and you are talking about solution to to review . lets say subtitles before publishing them . its correct ? ( o ) no this is this is . ( c ) okay , sorry . ( o ) output of the asr . if the asr is then directly put to the subtitles . then yes you are actually reviewing the subtitles , but you are right its good idea to separate this . because we may want to do the same type of review also for the outputs of machine translation and not only for the asr . ( c ) yes , and we put a kin- kind of idea lets say a kind of requirement on the presentation platform regarding the possibility to review subtitles before publishing them . ok , the these probably will be done for in the next year . but you say that . ( o ) this is yeah yeah . i agree with you that is good to have this option as part of the presentation platform . but at the same time . it is important to have this option for reviewing the input for machine translation . because if your asr has some bad bad word . you dont want to kill it after all the target languages in in the the publishing platforms for the different target languages . you want to kill it at before the before the machine translation takes it . so this review has to happen after the asr . and also possibly after the machine translation . ( c ) ok . this probably is a completely different application . ( o ) mm-hmm . ( c ) okay , of course . we can imagine . for example , as lets say . a kind of many in the middle . of the service architecture , a kind of . well actually . yep , exactly . is something who takes asr output checks it and forwards it to the machine translation . its not that easy to imaginate working in the actual pervoice service architecture . ( o ) i think its , let me just quickly say how if i had to implement it how i would do it . but correct me if i 'm wrong . so there is this segmentation workers , that normally takes ( ? ? ) that take text . and then publish other text somehow modified under different fingerprint obviously . so i think that if we had the same . uh , like a segmentation worker style . for interfacing the the mediator . and then this would be running in one thread in a multi thread application , and the user interface would be running in a separate thread , uh , then the user interface . so so the , the main . the main thread would be always doing plain copy . whatever i get as the asr output . i directly emmit . so there will be no human involved in in for most of the time . but every now , and then the the human with its with . it is the very slow speed . they would realize , oh , there is something bad . uh , lets kill this stream for now . so they would click on the on the preview , and the the main a thread would be notified dont emmit anything from now on . so this . this would be the met men in the middle console would be a multi thread application . one thread serving the user user interface , and then the two or more threads , or one one or more threads . serving the interseption of the workers . and each of these additional threads would be indeed the the worker for the uh , for the mediator setup . so . if one the the way the one would start this . would that i would launch the platform . the platform would register itself as an interception worker for all these different languages that i can review as a person . and then the the the main like clients that start that provide the sound or whatever to the to the mediator . they would get started with such fingerprint so that the pipeline goes through my interception system and then yes everything would start . as as as normally , everything would go through this interception system and this interception system would immediately emit what it receives . and at the same time . it would also present it on screen for each of these threads separately . and when i say block this one , it wont from prom- produce any further output on those particle threads . so i think this is doable with the current mediator . and it is not too cumbersome actually , but obviously , it takes lot of time to implement . so i dont think that we 'll be able to have it for for for june . ( c ) no . for june no . but for me is a completely new requirements also for the project . we have to discuss it with dario . actually i i understood the point of course . and i will explain it to dario . ( o ) so lets quickly finish this . the worker was simply pass the allowed stream back to the mediator for further processing . more such workers could be connected simultaneously thats the multiple threads that i set . for human operators , capable of accessing ( ? ? ) english alone or english and czech and german . so if i 'm confident in three languages . i would be just looking at these these uh , at these subtitles . and i would say yes yes yes , these all go . so these workers should attachable to both asr outputs as well as ( ? ? ) outputs . what are these cascades . as well as yeah , to one another to form short and simple cascade . so one of the cascades could be our vg vat case . one stream selection worker would be for czech from english with operator needs to speak czech and german . so , into . this is this is my note . ( c ) dont worry . ( o ) ( c ) you say that someone is talking english its translated to czech . and then its translated to german . probably . ( o ) yep , exactly . yeah okay , so what i 'm saying is that , in the cascade there is indeed one selection worker . for czech and german . so this is one person who speaks czech and german , and here he sees how the asr of czech look , and how the asr . so the operator validates the asr outputs of czech asr and of german asr . he can block any of them at any time . then the empty systems are attached to each of these separate streams . so one czech to english as- empty system is attached . and one german to english system is attached there . and there is like a second stream selection worker in the pipeline . and thats some- someone who checks the quality of the english that we got . so we got the english . so this is the original . so we have the english from the floor . we have the english as respoken and recognized . english respoken and ( ? ? ) . english from czech yeah . and english from , so this is english empty output from german to english system from german . and this german actually got created by as- from german asr from german interpreter interpreting czech . yeah so this is . no ( ? ? ) . yeah this is the same , i think that was that was already the one . so there will be multiple englishes available . and for each of these englishes the operator will again choose the best one yeah , so the . so ideally we would have this huge setup with two persons one validating the various inputs of the asr . and another one selecting the best english . ( c ) ok . the second one is already planned in the presentation platform . and the first one is what we talked before regarding the many in the middle solution lets say . which is actually for me . we have to discuss . ( o ) except except the way except the way of planned this second one . is that only at the stage of subtitles . its not before any empty . ( c ) no , only at the stage of subtitles . ( o ) so that means that we would have to the problem of this set up that you have now is is left in the like better than nothing . but the problem is that we would need to be able to review hungarian . ( c ) it it could be explained to be could be done before subtitle publishing . but still at subtitle level . ( o ) yeah , but then still that that would not help . so the the problem that i 'm pointing at is that in our in the overall elitr setup . there is up to 43 target languages , and we can not expect to have validators for each of those . so thats why its important to review already the input to the machine translation systems . ( c ) okay . ( o ) so , i dunno if if you have already put effort into this review of the subtitles , m- ma-ma- maybe yes maybe no . but i dont think that its important for elitr setup . ( c ) okay . ( o ) so . ( c ) its much more important to have a review before machine translation step for you . ( o ) i would say so , yes . ( c ) okay . ( o ) i 'm i 'm not sure if if milos is still on the call . milos are you there ? yeah i dunno . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) . ( c ) yep . ( o ) yes now we can hear you . so milos , what dou you think , what is more important to review subtitles before they are published or to review the machine translation outputs . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) sentence hello ? can you start sentence again ? ( o ) yeah . so we were discussing what is more important , whether to review the subtitles in their final language before they are published , or whether it is more important to review already the input to the machine translation system . and my argument is that the input of the machine transitions system is more important , because it will be english most likely . and we will have . it is easy to find operators to validate english . but it is difficult or impossible to have operators , validating all the different target languages that uh , that the whole setup will produce . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) i agree also i agree because i would probably use just the english asr and maybe not even use the translation . ( ? ? ) participants . so i think also expecting expect more problems ( ? ? ) on the asr side than the translation but i 'm just guessing you are the one who should know . ( o ) yeah yeah . yeah so so . chiara at what stage is the development of this subtitle reviewing . is it only planned . ( c ) no no the the . the review is not yet implemented . we are still reasoning about these function . actually starting from this ( ? ? ) . i have already a couple of points . and a couple of modifications ( ? ? ) inside the document . and this is why we asked you to have this kind of . yep . ( o ) yeah thank you . so as i said i dont think its worth while for the elitr setup . to review the subtitles only . ( c ) i 've got to point also for the having people speaking so many different languages . okay actually it could not be done at presentation layer lets say . should be done at the different layer and this is not what we planned . we have to talk with dario regarding these points . but i absolutely got the point . ( o ) yeah okay , thank you . so again we can scroll up to the screen and up to the ( ? ? ) document . so we have discussed the presentation modes . so we we 've jumped from this ( ? ? ) to restart this session must reconnect automatically . so this reconnection is automatically reconnection obviously applies also to the setups once there are this this automatic th- this this like men in the middle workers . and it has to be compatible , so the men in the middle will probably like just mute some of the outputs . and technically muted output is is , okay , uh ? but it is not delivering any signals . so the presentation platform should jump to the non muted ones . so that is the the thing is the into account when when designing how to exactly implement it . and uh , the next point is just a summary of foreseen uses of the presentation platform . in the fallback solution of for alfaview sl yes yes . so this this in the last call on friday , when barry brought up the the critical a milestone in august . where what we should have some spoken language translation , a preliminary version available in alfaview . i said that the fallback solution for the alfaview platform . is that all the remote meeting participants of alfaview session . will be sending their audio to pervoice mediator . this has been tried . but then alfaview has cancelled that i believe , because they are doing the recording on their own . but they should get back to the recording anyway . that you they should get back to sending the audio to pervoice mediator anyway . and then uh , for the participants to receive the the the translations . um . they would open a separate web browser window where they would be looking at the pervoice presentation platform . they should be again , able to select one language . but all subtitles , uh , will be present in that language . so it is merging outputs from all other alfaview meeting participants . ( c ) mm-hmm , the . i i 've got the point of this solution on friday and i talk about it with dario . we were reasoning about the fact that the main solution , the one completely integrated the alfaview platform . should have one speaker sends his audio through the alfaview platform . but receives only subtitles of all the other participants and not its owns . which was a pretty strange for me , and they talk about it with dario . and and . he has add another point to the overall reasoning . he told me what if the if the speaker doesnt see his his subtitles . how could it he be able to to understand if people are reading something wrong for example . something wrong coming out from his his transcription . and actually its a good point for me . i think that . my opinion . okay . ( o ) people should see also the asr of their own a voice . ( c ) yeah , i think that we should be much more preferable . ( o ) yeah , yeah , i agree , uh , ( ? ? ) like i havent realize this during the friday call . but i think an important part of the success of this set up is that people adapt their pronunciation . so that really , ( ? ? ) always like misunderstanding what what i 'm saying . i will try to say differently . ( c ) mm-hmm . ( o ) so . the there is still an issue with the like on the will with the the load on the on the brain of the speaker . if i 'm speaking , and if i was hearing my voice . uh , in my in my headphones with some delay . it would confuse me , and i would not be able to speak . ( c ) yes . but probably the conference system doesnt let you hear your own voice . ( o ) yes yes yes . but i 'm worried from this confusion if i see my messages being transcribed in front of me with some delay . ( c ) ok . ( o ) so this is similar . it it like works on on a different part of the brain . it is reading and not listening . but still i think that for some people , it may be a very disrupt- like disturbing to read . it would be with the delay of of four seconds , for example . ( c ) but actually we work a lot in the dictation field . and we actually , we perform just the automatic transcription , then the delay its usually in much nowhere its around 3 seconds lets say . from one to three seconds . people interacting , which this kind of systems feel not that uncomfortable they just put the posies in their speaking waiting for their outputs . which is not that bad . ( o ) thats not that bad . thats thats good to know its that you have this experience . so putting this , so i agree with dario and you . so putting this back to the particle setup for the uh , alfaview case you would need to present the outputs of the asr . to the person immediately . so the lack must not be increased by the alfaview platform . and its also important to realize that the stream mix in very diverse ways . so if i 'm if i 'm talking in english , and you are only talking italian then uh , like i need to see myself from the english asr with very immediate response . and i 'm happy to get the translation from italian asr to english with some delay . technically on your side it is coming from different sessions . i think . so that the the this is like this is not relevant for the workshop in june at all , but it is relevant for the overall design of the remote conferencing for alfaview for the upcoming years of the project . so thank you for revising , the uh , even you can you can modify the the document the main call and then say that you have discussed this later on and you think that the person should see theri own speech transcribed and all that . just modified so that we have that information . and yeah think about it in in planning further . ( c ) for actually for as fallback solution it will prefectly work at one you propose the for the august milestone . then , if if we can we are able to run it at june it will for sure work also in august . ( o ) yeah , thank you . so the presentation platform connects to many sessions , right ? i think . ( c ) actually it doesnt connect anywhere . it receives . ( o ) or observes many sessions . or . yeah yeah thats good . so exactly to t- for this presentation platform to serve for the august milestone . there would be only some like book keeping or like orchestration . ( c ) sorry . sorry ondrej i lose the the audio , can you repeat it please ? ( o ) yeah . so for the for the august milestone , i think that uh , the only uh , thing that would be missing would be like some orchestration . when multiple people connect to the alfaview platform , all of them open some url . this url on the your server side it needs to know the various ideas of the of the sessions that it should present concurrently . so this like orchestration , that happens at the beginning of the call will be missing . but its not too complicated and the platform itself already will will work very well . okay , exactly . the actually i 'm not aware of the technology choosen to develope the presentation platform . but it could also be the case where the url of one streaming one subtitles is it could be in further lets say starting from the languages and so we can put some kind of automatic system of who allows people to open directly on the correct page . but i 'm just lets say . just reasoning about it right now . its not yet planned . ( o ) yeah , yeah . ( c ) but we could be done probably . ( o ) okay , so . this is thats very good to hear and whenever you can talk to alfaview when you are in touch with alfaview . . please remind them that they need to send audio to you at least . if that so that the the fallback solution is , uh , is doable for for the august . ( c ) well , if they want to have some kind of . subtitles , they need to send us the audio for transcription . yeah it will probably , it will probably done . ( o ) well but but but they so so far they have like skipped away from that . they they 've decided to do the all the recording themselves . ( c ) yep . ( ? ? ) encountered some problem interfacing with us due to the fact that they belong they developing ( ? ? ) . and we havent . exactly . ( o ) yeah , this this problem has not gone away . so , we need to like reopen it and and implement it anyway . ( c ) mm-hmm . ( o ) okay . that is that is very good . so we 've already discussed this . the html viewer so the if you send me some . i can try my streaming , uh , the presentation platform were also run in the full screen mode . one thing that i would like to have here is . ( c ) yep . ( o ) ( c ) no , no , you are completely right . ( o ) and dominik has read the the proposal . i was not able to talk to him directly . uh , he just send me short message in czech . and he says that it is it is all sounds reasonable . that he only says that for debugging purposes . it would be useful a to test presentation platform with audio and video from file , um and . ( c ) ok . ( o ) like and subtitles that are like pretranslated . so , that the the you , you can test the whole thing , even without asr workers and without empty workers running . so i 'll i 'll translate it . ( c ) it will probably not be prepared . ok . i understand it the bug proposes of course . but putting the possibility of for example uploading an audio file or us sr srt files , which are the subtitles ( ? ? ) lets say . in the platform directly in the platform it its its a different functional requirements , probably we can arrange ( ? ? ) client lets say , who takes video and file and send it to the platform . ( o ) yeah i think thats the way dominik also meant it not that the platform itself would digest the files , but rather that we that there are command lines that take the audio and the subtitles and they simulate and stream it stream it to the plat- to the mediator . ( c ) maybe it could be done with vlc . software . because on vlc you are able to of course open a video file open subtitle and then stream them . ( o ) so thats thats vlc also stream the subtitles ? i dont think so . ( c ) i dunno . but could be . could be actually is a really powerful software . we can expect it . ( o ) i know that so the the the streaming that i use for my tests . are internally probably very similar to what vlc does . so vlc probably runs its own ( ? ? ) server . the ( ? ? ) protocol server . so i do i 'm doing this just on the command line . but yeah yeah . yeah . and one another thing that he would like to have is the uh , to agree on the simple plain text format . which will contain the subtitles . so the question is like . what is the uh , data format for subtitles . and you 've mentioned srt . is that the thing or not . ( c ) well , actually , probably in the presentation platform there will be just a text field . lets say . this because i 'm not aware of any any worker yet running on the mediator that it is able to output directly some kind of subtitle format . and the text field solution is the most flexible one . ( o ) and when you say text fill . ( c ) field . ( o ) text field , yeah . so with every message uh , the field will be like fully replaced with what . ( c ) yes . ( o ) or how does it work actually . how does it yeah , this is this is quite important for the end user , like end points for the web thing , because it is extremely useful to be able to scroll somewhat in the in the past transcript . ( c ) we reason about it of course but the main drawbacks of having the whirlign text is that . if the system has outputs some kind of terrible error . users are are exactly . and this is the reason why we choose to replace each time . also because if people choose language ( ? ? ) of course people are able to choose just one language ( ? ? ) you asked for having at most to different languages . but this is a different point . if people change a language while subtitles are running . of course , uh , on their personal devices previous subtitles on the different language are not available . then you , you will not be able always to ( ? ? ) subtitles and this is and also another drawbacks . ( o ) yeah so this would . this would be okay , with me . so i think its , it would be totally okay for the client to cash only the subtitles it has seen . so if i have , if i 'm have not followed german , and i suddenly start . i will only start receiving german from now on this is . this is ok uh . the , the thing about like hiding the bad outputs with by by replacing them with the newer ones . i would prefer from the user 's point of view , i would prefer to have this scrolling capacity . even if it contains the bordering words , because very often for me , uh . it would be too like i would i would like to have some more time to to read the subtitles . and if they disappeared , then i 'm i 'm screwed . so uh , obviously , not for the full screen mode . but i think that for the end user , usecase as well as for the alfaview setup . it would be very useful . uh , to see the messages like as as they extend . so in in the same way , as the lecture translator has it . so the lection translator gradually expands . what what is there . and then so so maybe maybe it is indeed , just the client like logic in the client . so that the underlying concept is indeed , the stacks fields . you are receiving text fields . and as long as the text field has the same beginning , you keep extending the text field . and then when the new beginning comes , you will say , '' well , this next tex field has been closed . lets make it like black , move it upwards and then start putting the new text field , again in grey or dark grey there as as it being extended . ( c ) and what if . sorry , what if the end user select for example italian subtitles then moves to the german subtitles and then moves back to italian subtitles . it will be he sorry will not be completed . ( o ) yes , the history will be rainbow . the history will be in all the languages he has chosen . ( c ) okay . ( o ) so i think the is the best setup . if you is the screen size permits . and if your user interface would permit this . i would like to have like two such two or possibly even three such windows next to each other . and in the first one i would start with english in the second one i would start with german . and the third i will start with czech . i would be receiving histories in three languages . the way that i just described . then i would see that the czech is garbage so i would switch the czech to swedish if i can speak swedish obviously . and then i would skip i would keep seeing the complete english , because i was following that this all the time . i would have there the whole german as well and for czech and swedish . i would have the respective parts that i saw in the in the respected languages . so this way . if we have multiple views , rolling views . that behave the same way . then i can let one of these views to keep following english , so that i can always refer the . and i can play around with my main language . uh , whichever i choose . and yeah , so this is the most flexible . ( c ) um-hum okay . i will talk about it with the development team . of course , i will extend the functional analysis , and i will send you the uh , updating documents ( o ) um-hum . um-hum . okay , so i 'll say past sub- subtitles . ( mil ) i wonder ( ? ? ) say if the asr decide it decides ( ? ? ) the first ( ? ? ) something now . ( o ) thats a good . ( c ) sorry ? ( o ) yeah . so milos remind that the asr can sometimes review its decisions . so actually yeah so . decision when input is finished , should not be based on the prefix identity but rather on timestamps ( c ) okay , you are talking about partial hypothesis output the ( ? ? ) workers . well actually in the last calls , we tyson didnt participate and probably he 's the one who will have some kind of answer for us . but i expect that their their outputs partial hypothesis partially but at at some point says , which one is the final one . because is the is the usual behavior probably is just matter configuration . oh , actually i hope so . ( o ) so the asr should tell us what is final at that point the the presentation platform should move to the new text field . still this is this is tricky . the segmentation is is tricky . ( c ) yes the , partial hypothesis may change also time-stamps , of words , even even words stays the same . i dunno how you manage it in the in the ( ? ? ) . okay . exactly . ( o ) so so at the march fair . it was ( ? ? ) were systems , the lecture translator . and it worked reasonably well . for if if there was no translation involved and for the translation itself . uh , the the czech translation there was some crashing client . and that had very long , a lag , because it was always waiting for the full sentence , and only then it sent it to the machien translation , for the german a translation into german of their lag was shorter . and it was like fixing , it was updating the the empty output . but still , it was like swallowing words , and even the asr was swallowing words . it it produced some good part of the sentence . and then suddenly it decided that this is not a like not valid for some reason . but it was good . it was matching the what the speaker said . and it replays this whole part with what he said after that . so it was like . ( c ) it was not working actually . ( o ) it was updating to ( ? ? ) so to say . so its somehow decided that that he has corrected himself but he has not . ( c ) ah its tricky at this point . ( o ) yeah . yeah . and what i 'm also very much concerned about is if we rely on the asr doing the segmentation . then the there could be too much text . collected to present in the in the text field , like not that the computer will struggle with that . but the layout of the user interface will struggle with that . ( c ) um , in fact as lets say future works . we have to reason also about subtitles readability . because , of course , you know that there are rules to let the subtitles be readable . and we have to take care of it . ( o ) um-hum , yeah exactly . so there could be again , like subtitle readability worker , which would be connected at the end of asr or at the end of machine translation and there it would be doing some online like readable subtitles . ( c ) from machine translation actually . i 'm not aware on how kit workers , kit machine translation works . but probably read they will always require in order to prepare better translation . the ( ? ? ) phrase . been probably . ( o ) no no , they . ( c ) okay . ( o ) and we are also , thats what we discussed on friday . and i think we discussed before the main on , but you were on both of the calls right ? ( c ) um-hum . ( o ) yeah , so we we discussed that machine transition has to accept partial sentences as well . so the machine transitional will run many times uh , for the same sentence . with its as the sentences gradually growing . uh ? so the machine translation should be emitting also updates . uh , including the time-stamps . so . the machine translation say that from these like minus five min- seconds ago . there is the uh , the the translation . and then in the second after that , the next message will be still from the very same origin , minus five now minus six seconds . here is the output , um , and it will be slightly extended hypothesis . so . ( c ) ok , ok . ( o ) yeah , so , i think that the uh , that , the subtitle , readability worker , uh , should have like accept this stream of updates , and it should somehow balance what the what ( ? ? ) on the on the screen , and where to put new lines into that . and then , when there is an update from newer timestamp it would say ok the previous one is is finished and never never opening back . so i hope . i dunno but i hope that the asr is never a like going back to the past . so if it if it once closes , if it once moves the timestamp like the originmark in of timestamps if it once moves it forward . i hope it never update the previous segment anymore . but i 'm not sure . ( c ) me neither . ( o ) ok . ( mil ) ( ? ? ) that would be useful feature to not open them again . but for a transcript it would make sense if it if the asr could revise even five sentences . yes . ( o ) thats the offline mode . so i dont think ( ? ? ) not concerned about the offline mode here at all . so chiara . what in in your whole document . is there something which we have not touched , and we should have . ( c ) it is a good question . let me check it briefly . oh maybe lets have a check to typical translation table . i 'm moving to . oh this one . because actually i checked need grant agreement document , but i havent found any any indica- . ( o ) yes . ( c ) yes , indication regarding how many concurrent user . how long are the session . or and so on . so probably this is one of the parts that its probably needs to be checked . first of all how many concurrent user should support the platform . ( o ) yeah , 1000 per day does it mean . yeah , up to 1000 concurrent . i think thats totally okay . milos confirm for the for the congress . the congress will have 400 participants . uh-huh , half of them will be following this on their handheld devices . and when i say half them . uh , one participant can actually be more devices at the same time . so i think that this 1000 concurrent users is just about uh , what we expect . it is an upper bound for the people on on the edge at the venue . and i dunno know if we should worry about people attaching from abroad . then . yes , this could be like more , but i dont think it will grow an order of magnitude in higher . so if you design for , or if you tested for 1000 . i think we should be okay even with remote participants being curious of the congress . milos can you yes ? ( mil ) reasonable , also i expect that you will have some kind of cash or something on the side that the ( ? ? ) participants on side will consume different net worker ( ? ? ) participants abroad . does it make sense . ( c ) yes , and also the platform who host lets say the presentation platform may support so many connection multiple connection . ( o ) yeah . ( c ) that i will probably write 4000 . ( o ) yeah , right , 4000 per day and in that case i think we are we are good . ( c ) yes . in the solution must be available also offline . lets say , it should be hosted locally within the conference . if something happened to the internet connection , for example . ( o ) actually , we are planning to be online only . because . ( c ) ah okay . ( o ) the translation workes and so on . i think they , it would be really too much work to to make them installable offline . ( c ) mm-hmm . okay , okay . because in the march fair . we prepare everything to be available also offline so i was thinking it should be the same . ( o ) that was like for the booth . ( c ) ok , ok . ( o ) so the , it was not as a fallback it was not planned as a fallback if the network breaks down . uh , but it was because we know that there it would be impossible to get some network to the presentation booth . so that was the reason why it was prepared , but that was carlsruhe offline setup . and for yeah i think we 'll simply have to rely on internet connection . ( c ) okay . ( o ) for both the the june workshop , and also for the main event . ( c ) okay okay . ( o ) confirm or it should be really cautious , and should we try this a lot of work . this is like stealing . ( mil ) i agree . that would be crazy to do ( ? ? ) not intelligent to stream everything from say abroad to everyone of the devices . i was , i thought more about this part of the ( ? ? ) . ( o ) yeah thats right so the thing that should be really , um , carefully designed is the distribution of the uh , of the the the whole thing to the participants at the venue . because their wifi would be failing . ( c ) well probably , we will lets say publish it maybe on the internet lets say , so people may use their own inter- internet connection . ( o ) but then the like . yeah okay , but still then i think that we could even overload the lte . 400 people will start following than the network has no information about the identity the the the the whole thing is the same . the network ( ? ? ) . so the network will do 200 copies of this if if 200 people start watching videos on their cell cell phones . i dont think that this this works . ( c ) it wont work . okay . okay , we have to be careful in designing the solution for the local connection . ( o ) so is there , this this again . please take a note . i dont , i dont have the experience . but if you have network engineers around . then i think what should be viable would be some wifi broadcasting . so that like the stream is being sent once once for all . and anybody can can like steal the information and show it in the in the presentation platform . ( c ) but probably it could be done . but again , everyone that is connecting to the local network . in order to catch the streaming , which she sent just one and stored locally . everyone has to connect to these local placing in order to get the streaming . ( o ) yeah yeah but the thing , is how the the stream , the stream itself the data . so there is obviously individual negotiation for by the way , the subtitles , because i need to select subtitles that in my language of choice . but the the video is the more demanding part . and i think it could be possible the video to be send by udp packets to like a broadcast address that everybody can read . so that all the , so the packets of containing the video signal would be sent in such a way that actually all the devices react together and display them . ( c ) um-hum . ( o ) but i 'm not network engineer like . my knowledge is not deep enough to uh , to be sure about this . and also to be sure about uh , web web , based the viewers of such stream of packets . so milos do you have any any experience with this , or or any any knowledge about broadcasting a videos . ( mil ) i would say no . but uh , i would ( ? ? ) something else . i ( ? ? ) as you that the in the call ( ? ? ) the specification for wifi , i 'm not sure how it was specified but it should be able to deliver the video , it they should deploy sufficient amount of access point . so the the viewer ( ? ? ) separated in segments or something that so , they have ( ? ? ) available . to where i expect more problems is the internet connection if its not multiplied on some local server . ( o ) well , yeah , i 'm quite sceptical . i 'm um , i live in uh , just like a block of flats . uh , and when the upc the cable cable tv company brought internet . uh , everybody bought one wifi router and from that point on the internet for everybody got much worse . uh ? so it is not the bottleneck of the internet connection , but its actually the bottle neck of the of the channels . so if there are two wifi 's talking over the same channel . uh . then it is already like a complicated . you should be using channels like not not in not immediately neighboring channels . you should be using . you should skip like one channel number , uh , and there is too many apartments around . so . i think that even if this company brings the the the the wifi like routers , uh , and they all deliver the same network of the the network with the same assets . it is a network id uh , over all the available channels . if . all the people of the connect to this . uh , maybe . you , can locate people . so that . like one 10th uses . there is only fourteen channels , uh , or if even less in in europe . and if you if you divide people into the groups 10 groups . still , if all the people that would be a. if there are 400 people . it could be indeed 1000 devices . but lets . lets think 500 devices . you know , if we have 500 devices divided by 10 that is 50 people on one a channel . uh . we should actually double this because you should not use channels next to each other . so it would be 100 notebooks on one channel . and if 100 people start following the same video , and they receive like we ship the video 100 times , then it wont work . ( mil ) if they use home routers , they obviously wont . i mean there is a big difference when there are cheap routers that do not cooperate in neighbouring flats . and if ( ? ? ) equipment that negotiates between the routers and cooperates and also if ( ? ? ) all direction at once . i think company can do this . ( o ) i dunno i 'm i 'm from the ( ? ? ) well from the school lof computer science and our network ( ? ? ) . our network people told us that its virtually impossible to gather for 100 notebooks in one room . so . ( mil ) let me tell you , its impossible what you currently ( ? ? ) or impossible dont have a lot of money ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i think impossible even if you have a lot of money . i think its .", "tgt": "fallback solution will work for june and august milestone . ondrej proposed to still operate at the level of text fields in the server . decision when input is finished should not be based on the prefix indentity but rather on timestamps . fullhd is still too bad compared to direct presentation . multiple selected languages in subtitles . summary of foreseen uses of pv . fallback solution for alfaview platform ( all remote participants of session will be sending their audio to pervoice mediator ) ."}
{"src": "( ? another _ language ? ) ( ch ) hi , good morning . ( ? another _ language ? ) good morning . ondrej do you hear me ? ( o ) hello chiara . can you hear me ? does it do anything or not ? i , i can not hear you , i do n't know whats with my sound setting here . ( ch ) this is me speaking . for a test . ( o ) yeah so can you hear me now ? ( ch ) yes , sure , do you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , okay , yes , great . ( ch ) oh , great . ( o ) amazing . and if i understood correctly , ota is not going to join . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) uh sangeet if he would come but he- and he said yes , but then he disappeared . so i do not know- ( ch ) at some point appear again . okay . well today actually it should be pretty simple , simple , simple meeting . actually , we , we have collected all the feedbacks received doing the , ehm , well at the june events in prague , and during the tests , and the event sitting autumn the ( ? ? ) one if i correctly remember . ehm we have collected all of them , and we are going to reveal the presentation platform . the goal is to have the new , uh for the eurosai congress in the end of may . since actually , we are going to review the look and feel of the web ( ? ? ) we would like to have the european union , and the especially your agreement since you are the- the project leader , and we would like to , uh , prepare something that accomplish the elitr requirements . ok , i 'm going to share the the presentation . ( o ) mm-hmm , . so sangeet will connect soon , he 's , he 's here in the , uh , uh i can not switch off um , like i 'm already using the mic and i- there 's no way to put it through all speakers i 'm afraid . ( ch ) okay , meanwhile i drag end up on my presentation , ( ? ? ) hm . sorry , i 'm going to copy , since we share ( ? ? ) share point maybe it is making some problem . i copy on the ( ? ? ) . okay . ( o ) so i just learned through the sms messages like my my mother in law is in can not pick up the kids . so until when do we need to call like , how long would would twelve 50 be sufficient to end ? ( ch ) yes , sure . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( ch ) im not able to ( ? ? ) presentation . i do not know why ? ( o ) ( ? ? ) sharing the screen , can you start sharing the screen ? guest , oh okay . make host . ( ? ? ) to present the screen . ( ch ) sorry . ok . just a sec . okay . do you see presentation now ? . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( ch ) now let 's see if i 'm able to move through these lights , okay . okay , are we ready ? ( o ) thank you , we noticed , this is a good summary . ( ch ) it 's the actual presentation platform . uh , okay . i select the number of boxes where the subtitles appears . ( o ) i can not hear-there is a lot of noise . so maybe sangeet could you mute your microphone ? is that adding the noise ? ( s ) just a , yeah , yeah . ( o ) so there should be mute button bottom part of the screen . this is adding the noise . yes , that was probably the noise . ( ch ) sorry sangeet you mute when you have some interview , thank you . of course ( ? ? ) . ok . especially you ondrej ( ? ? ) to let me be the user , define the the subtitle size and length . if you remember , we encountered the problem of having three lines of subtitles . and the third line disappeared uh , in , eh , beneath the the box , because there is not enough space nor ( ? ? ) space . we often talked about the possibility of having a longer the context , especially , uh you liked the history that say presentation so that the user is able to scroll , uh the history and read the past messages . uh , from the ( ? ? ) . often people prefer to enable just one language for subtitle . most of the time , the the the language is the english or their mother tongue . and then just a couple of notes like the black and white subtitles and also , the size was fine , uh , reading the questionnaire . from the old ( ? ? ) events , uh , we ( ? ? ) as feedback the possibility to disable the video , because sometimes is not available at all . your colleagues asked us to have the possibility to automatically load , a list of , uh , default , let 's say languages , for example he would like that , that each time , the user enter the main page , it ( ? ? ) the , for example , the at least english subtitle enabled by default . we talk about the the ( ? ? ) possibility , to make the subtitles base adaptive in order to hostile all the text . then we the left justified the subtitles . this is pretty strange for us because the subtitles usually appear centered . uh , but we understood that the requirements was related to the incremental ( ? ? ) , especially for the machine translation . with change a lot while assets new up from the asr . and it changed too much and it 's confusing for the user . and especially during the ( ? ? ) event . if i correctly remember , you see the the trusk application . and and you like it really much , unfortunately- ( o ) so have you- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) feature . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) but we have n't . ( o ) so have you have you seen our paragraph style view ? i think you must have seen it . the screenshot in the in the paper . so i think that that paragraphs style view is kind of done by that , so i think that there is no need to uh , to force it into your interface . but we do n't have the video . so that 's , so that 's , the question , whether people want the video plus the paragraph view . and that is something which we do not have . ( ch ) mm-hmm , okay . okay . we 'll reason about these requirements and we reason about how to change the actual presentation platform in order to try to accomplish as much as possible all the requirements . but actually there are some unco- incompatibility . and because we need to ( ? ? ) because if you if you would like to have , uh , the video as much big as possible . uh , probably , we have to sacrify all the history style view , or the possibility to have a subtitles in many languages at the same time . and this is true for all the , uh , uh , let 's say the three main requirements , if you would like to have the history . we can not have many . many languages per time except we have some- ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) beautiful idea to expose me . so actually now i 'm going to present you 3d ( ? ? ) let say ( ? ? ) of the new presentational platform there are only images . ( ? ? ) has been done yet , uh , but its , uh-please consider them as possible , uh , starting point for the next , uh , uhh , developments . okay . the first is the history style . in the let say alfa view style history . pro , we have the- the video as bigger as possible . dario here told me also to be really careful especially , because we at the moment on the market we have both , uh , uh , left top with 16 to 9 representation . and with 4 to 3 representation . we have to reason really careful on the representation , but actually , uh , uh , this configuration could change , based on the screen size ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i like this layout . ( ch ) oh okay . but actually , if we maximize the video size . we can have the history on the left , actually it 's like the alfaview application , but for sure it does n't enable you to have many languages first time . these are , can select just one language per time . and probably , uhh , we have to manage the incremental update of the feed asr . in some way . ( ? ? ) presentation platform . we are still on the idea to do not put business logic inside the presentation . it is just a presentation layer . umm , the business logic should be prepared by the module before the presentation base . so that if you would like to have this kind of representation , we need to manage the incremental updates of the kit asr before they arrive to the presentation layer . uh , we have also some doubt regarding the mobile friendly representation . i 'm , i 'm not sure , but the elitr grand agreement it 's written that people will use the presentation platform , on the personal devices . i 'm gon na first read these definition i talked about the also mobile phones or tablet during the the events . actually we seen people just use laptop . so please tell me if the mob- mobile friendliness is a requirement for you or not . ( o ) it 's hard to say , it was nice feature in your view . but i i think it 's likely that at the congress people would use it . because this is what- ( ch ) yes . ( o ) it 's very hard to say . uh chiara , sorry to interrupt you . but i need to because the kids need to be picked up in half an hour , or i have to extend their stay at their institutions . i will make two phone calls , and i will be back in five minutes . ( ch ) i promise , i promise that in a quarter i 'll finish everything . ( o ) no , i i would actually prefer to leave them there . so i would like to make a phone calls and they 're just ending now , so , so i 'll , i 'll have more time . but i need to make sure that they can stay there . ( ch ) ok , we can ( ? ? ) do n't worry . thank you . ( o ) so i 'll be back in a second . ( ch ) sangeet do you have opinion regarding this representation ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) these white texts , they 're ( ? ? ) right now , right ? ( ch ) yes , it 's just it 's just a picture . ( ? ? ) ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( ? other _ language ? ) ( ch ) you stole the ondrej 's mike ? ( s ) yes , but the front mike . ( ch ) ok , you stole the ondrej 's mike ? ( s ) no , i ( ? ? ) .i was saying that the text what we have right now they 're like bond . ( ch ) yes . actually , this is not final ( ? ? ) . you know the presentation platform is a web page . which ( ? ? ) has a define size and we need to put ( ? ? ) screen let 's say . ( ? ? ) on how to organize the boxes . of course it the text will not be white ( ? ? ) our designer will will provide us something-this is just me taking the ( ? ? ) presentation platform boxes and we ( ? ? ) in different ( ? ? ) . have you seen me ? ( ? ? ) heard me ? ( s ) yeah , i heard you ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) hi . ( s ) yeah , so i could n't ( ? ? ) last part you said , could you please repeat it ? ( ch ) ( ? ? ) actual presentation platform feature in different places inside our webpage . of course our designer will will provide better ideas , it will not be bold white text . on black screen . it will look much more like the chat- have you seen the alfaview application ? okay , it will probably look , uh , roughly like this one . if this one is will be the , the design chosen by ondrej of course . because , this is just a proposal . the first one . we are going to see other two different proposal , in order to review the presentation platform application . ( s ) yeah , yeah , yeah , i get it , yeah . and ( ? ? ) the solution which we ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) your microphone it 's really really powerful , it catch a lot of uh , also different noises . ( ? ? ) can you repeat it please ? ( s ) so i repeat it . so i say that the solution which we already wrote you like last week ( ? ? ) like having the-having the language code right next to the dialing box . ( ch ) yes , i think that the- ( s ) ( ? ? ) box , yeah . ( ch ) i think that in the actual presentation platform we already have a , a white label on the black boxes , in order to um , define which subtitle language is displayed in the box . my idea but it 's really just a picture on , on a slide for the moment . in this kind of representation is to have tabs for languages for example . in this example you see theres the en tab . but if someone would like to see the german one , can select the different tab . hi ondrej , are you are back . ( o ) okay , i 'm back . sorry for the complication . when you ( ? ? ) phone call , have you arrange 3 other kids like , so so that the plans change that 's complicated . yeah . so , i do n't know what you have discussed . but i , as i said , i like this view . and in addition to the tab idea i can . i could see an option to have the languag- two languages but not more , underneath each other . so there could be like upper half for english and lower half for another language . but- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) let 's say if i select one or two or three or four ( ? ? ) opinion creates too much- ( o ) it 's complicated for the user . yeah ( ch ) disorder in the in the ( ? ? ) is not that user friendly . the situation we prefer to have just one language , and if someone would like to see , for example , to switch to german subtitles select . for example , of course , this is just my picture a different language tab . but i can take a note , and we discuss it , with the , uh , the developer . we already talked about this possibility , and they were not that , uh , ( ? ? ) not that agree on this idea . ( o ) so the so the tabs are okay , or uh- ( ch ) the text is just the first simple really simple idea . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) change this idea- ( o ) let 's simply stick to the-let 's let 's stick to the tabs . i think it makes sense . and i agree that having like two languages at the same time would be already complication . i can easily find situations where it would be useful to have more languages in , like underneath each other , but we can not ( ? ? ) for all the the situation . so it is . ( ch ) ok . the second proposal is the following . which is the actual , let 's say pervoice style representation . here the video size is reduced in order to have everything in the same screen . the idea could be to add the history in the black box for subtitles in order to let them become scrollable . and this will be also ah , more mobile friendly in our opinion . but of course it looks a little bit an older style representation not that- ( o ) so i do n't mind the- i do n't mind the old style . but what i 'm afraid of is the space . so now you , you are showing three lines . ( ch ) exactly . ( o ) and i think it 's too it 's like the worst compromise . because you do n't get enough content , not enough lay of the paragraph view , and the font is already too small , so it is not subtitles , which are easy to read . so i think that 's , that 's the- i would not go for this one . so i i like the way the that you know , the the current view , which has big fonts , but has serious problem was with the flicker . but that is if if the if the language ( ? ? ) allows that , then it is okay . but i like also your proposal with the tabs where there 's the paragraph next to the video that looks the very good . but this is one . uh , uh . and even if you have two languages as you are showing it now . i think it it 's like something , which does not have any any benefit of either of the solutions . ( ch ) actually one of the benefits is that , so you can have more languages per time . and you can also disable the video . instead in the history representation . i have n't prepare the picture for this scenario , sorry . but the idea is that the big picture of the work package 6 it 's just a black page without the video , which is not that-it 's not that attractive , exactly . but of course , we have to take some decision . ( o ) so i think i think there is no . yeah , there is no need to prepare this style of view without the video . because for that , the the presentation that ota created is sufficient . ( ch ) okay . okay . and this is , okay . and this is the scenario of the ( ? ? ) . and our last propose is the following . especially our designers pressed a lot these kind of representation . because it's- ( o ) i understand yes . ( ch ) youtube style . at the beginning of the project , they proposed first this kind of representation . and we said no , because we need to be able to read the text on the slide . and we said having the subtitle overlay to the video , video on stream . can cover some text inside these lights . uh , this is probably the most attractive one , because ( ? ? ) , it 's a kind of youtube style representation of subtitles . and it is for sure mobile friendly , but in this representation , you can not disable the video , for example . but on the other side you can make it as bigger as possible , because you can have the video fullscreen , and still be able to read subtitles . in this situation again , one language per time . ( o ) yeah , so i like the set up as well . so i think we are actually the the there is different situations , but we are coming towards three different views , and i think we should have all of them . so this one , which was no , not available previously is something which which i like . so i would really like this one to be implemented . then there is the number of changes which we need to in in your existing subtitle view . but these changes are not to the event , but they need not be too big . so the main differences- ( ch ) well i actually . the only , uh , the only representation which does not require big changes is the second . but do n't worry we are prepared . it was , the first presentation platform is the first demo in order to be able to check integration make some experiments . we are not afraid to move to a different representation which requires . more work do not worry . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) we also like the third one , especially because it can be declined in other pervoice applications . but we would like also to have the , at least try the history style in alfaview history style , the first one . ( o ) the tabs , the tabs ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) yeah . at least to try . uhh . what do you think that in the eurosai congress would be , uh , the preferable , preferable representation in your opinion ? ( o ) yeah , so , i know that there will be people just , uh , roaming around , and these will have small devices . so for them anything , which is like , and they will be also , they will be sometimes in the room . but even if they are in the room then they can not really follow the subtitles on their cell phone and the slides in front of them . so they still need need to have the slides on the on the device . so for them this view , the one that we 're looking at now is the best . they will select one language . probably english , or their mother tongue depending on what it is easier for them to follow , and they will . they will follow this . then there will be some big screen outside of the main presentation , main conference room . and that presentation screen should in my opinion attract everybody in all their many languages , to to like the content of the , of the discussions , which is , uh , which is running in the in the hole . so it is like uh , there is this main conference happening . and there is off stage corridor where people gather , and they are not sure if they want to enter the the hall or not . so they follow the , the monitor and the subtitles there . and for that view , i think that . so originally , i thought that we would have there only the man- so it is it is important show many languages . but it is also important to show the video . and we have slightly bigger screen the size of the screen , and also the its location is very unclear . i 've asked zden\u011bk \u0161\u00edr from ( ? ? ) just 2 days ago or lately , last week . and he said this is still been negotiated . ( ch ) maybe , maybe i , i understood your your point . maybe we can try to have the history style , with at most two languages . what do you think ? ( o ) yeah , but then , which would be english and the and the floor , or something like that , right ? but then we would need to adapt that actively . and to decide which of the languages should be shown . so . this is , this is hard decision . and it 's like , it could induce lot of work , and then end up being hidden somewhere like at the back of the corridor that no one ever sees it . so , so that could be waste of effort to to some extent . so what we could also do there is , to only show the video . and kind of just place another window next to that , and use the existing paragraph view with that . or use the existing subtitle view with that . so we would like put this , organize this together only for that , for that simple screen . so i can not imagine that we would have one person , taking care of this of this screen . i think this screen has to be set up and and run all the time without any manual intervention . theres no-we do not have the capacity , we will not have the capacity at the congress to , to run it . to to have someone who would be like switching languages , and and so on . so i see two options what the show on the screen , one would be english subtitles , regardless the language , which is spoken . and the the most of the area to be used for the , for video . or all the languages that we are supporting as an advertisement , and then url where people can select their own language . and the video would be very useful there , but i do n't know if we have to develop it as an application , i would just organize the windows on uh- ( ch ) uhh , moreover , i think that for the advertising , uh , view let 's say , it 's more interesting to see , uh , many languages , and also maybe a small , small video . you can put on the top of the actual cuni application , ditch the hls streaming , and even if it 's small , it is just for , let 's say an informative reason . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ch ) the focus would be on subtitles . ( o ) yes , yeah . ( ch ) ok . uh , so- just to recover , this is- okay this is the pro and contro of , of all the three possible , uh , representation . you like most the third one if i correctly understood ? okay . uhh . would you like we try the paragraph for the first one , the alfaview style history ? because otherwise we are removing completely the history requirements which could be fine of course . just to be sure that these this is a decision taken . ( o ) hmm . ( ch ) it 's it 's difficult , i understand . ( o ) i think that for , uh , paragraph , with the tabs is sufficiently mobile friendly . ( ch ) actually . ( o ) the alfaview , the history style alfaview ? ( ch ) usually at least . unfortunately , i have n't the picture of a mobile here . later my mobile telephone here , but actually usually people see exactly . look at the telephone in vertical or in- ( o ) vertical . yeah yeah , exactly , yeah . ( ch ) having the history here it makes text really small and the history goes really fast . but we can try it . i 'm not , i 'm definitely not a web designer . ( o ) yeah , but imagine if they if they headed vertically oriented . and it would be like video in the upper half or less actually . then you would have obviously one language only , but you could have quite long , uh , history . ( ch ) i can propose it . uh , i 'm not sure , i can not promise it . but i understand your your idea , is to have the video here and the history here . ok ? ( o ) yes . ( ch ) i can propose it . would you like me try then the the alfaview- ( o ) for the horizontal layout , uh , i think that that is better fit for the last . the subtitle ( ? ? ) setup where we have the small history , and it may prove to flickering . so this is something which , where you pay for the , you pay by the small video . but you have gained lot of lot of history here . ( ch ) mm-hmm , okay . ( o ) you also can easily like scroll the history . where is here you can ( ? ? ) does not make sense to scroll the overlay subtitle , that 's , that would be- ( ch ) okay . i can propose it . ok . so then- ( o ) view where we have video and underneath we have a paragraph view , kind of the tabs thing . except is it would be a pitty to to be wasting that the space for the tabs . i would somehow , i do not know , maybe just have have like one setting button here that would , that would allow you to choose the language instead of the tab . ( ch ) okay . i 'm going to send you the update of the functional requirements , but just to be sure for the eurosai congress in may which represent- we are going to prepare both the let 's say , history alfaview style and the subtitle overlay . but the most important , for the eurosai congress will be . ( o ) i think the subtitle overlay . ( ch ) ok . ( o ) because it 's , that 's my guess , it would for people roaming in in the corridors , and , and like remotely watching what is happening . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) the other mode , which is the main screen , uh , somewhere like no not the not the the very main screen , but the , uh , the screen in the , in the lobby . for that we would use your existing implementation , and sh- either your existing implementation with no video whatsoever , or at the the the player to the paragraph view that we have somehow in a small . i do n't know how to make a float , that works or not . is it is it reasonably easy to add a floating slowly video player like fix the position . ( ch ) uh , i i can not say , sorry . i 'm not- i do not have the technical , uh , understanding beneath the web things , sorry . ( o ) i think the- i think it should be organizable simply by like putting windows on on various spots . so it could be just standard window manager . and and two windows , one with the like full screen web browser , and on top of that a video player , which runs the stream , and that would probably do the job . ( ch ) okay . i 'm going to send you the review of the functional requirements . in order to be sure that i understood everything . and i hope we will start to with the development soon . because lot of work needs to be done and we need to test , to test everything . ( o ) so i was also curious about the current interface . are you going to like throw that out , throw it away , or right start from scratch , or are you going to , to improve the existing one ? ( ch ) uh , i do n't know . it depends from the developer , sorry . ( o ) yeah , because you 've mentioned , you mention some time ago that this was in ruby , and you do not have anyone to work on ruby code anymore , or something like that . but i do not know- ( ch ) no , no . no , no , we of course we have ruby ( ? ? ) developer . i 'm not ruby ( ? ? ) developer . this probably is what i told you . neither ivan is the developer . ( o ) so there , because my my question for- and that actually also , uh , is is related to the , the subtitle overlay . the the last setup . the question is what is in the messages . and i think that the-i 've said this quite early in the communication . i think that the messages should be sentence oriented , as they are now coming to , into the like , subtitle . if you remember i i implemented subtitler , which was organizing sentences into these like the into the two lines . but the way i created the subtitler , was that it was flexible , and did you manage to- i think i e-mailed you the link to the github repository and there was like little demo . and when you played the subtitler and you changed the size of the window . it it like cleverly filled that space , and it was rolling smoothly , and when you reduce the space . it was rolling smoothly , if it could and then it had resets . do you remember it ? the idea- ( ch ) yeah . ( o ) yeah . so this is this is like , it 's text flow functionality kind of . so it 's deciding which to , which text to put where as the messages are coming in . and it is when you are doing this text flow decisions . like when the brake lines . you need to know how much of the text did fit there , and how much did not . and so that 's why i was upfront saying that i think this text flow functionality should be part of the the final view . and if people change their phone size . the the final application should take that new phone size into account and more to should fit or less text should fit . but the logic that does the text flow has to know the font size . ( ch ) yeah , for the moment . sorry , tell me your present- ( o ) yeah , so my question is if you can include in your plans to have this subtitling functionality in the in the front-end in the final player , which knows the font size . ( ch ) i understood your points . actually we , we would probably have noted that we have not talked about the possibility to let the user , define the look and feel of the subtitles . for the moment e will , it will not be available . and the reason is that based on our . ( o ) like the ad hoc decisions by the user but it 's also responding to the actual space on the on the screen of the device . ( ch ) exactly , exactly . this will probably be managed but are 2 different things . one thing is that the user can customize , for example , the phone size , of the subtitle . ( ? ? ) now in based on our experience the user it 's not able to understand what is readable subtitle . and this is the reason why we do will not put these kind of functionality , at least for the moment , of course , in the presentation platform . ( o ) i do n't know how you use that but i very often use this control plus and minus . i very often change the font size for the word pages , because the different web page designers were , well simply their preferences were incompatible with those of mine , and i like can not read it . so if in order , if you if you want to really to achieve what you 're saying , then you would have to ( ? ? ) disable this scaling . you would have the work on on making the font size fixed and unchangeable . but i think that that would make it bad for the user . ( ch ) a different aspect of this , this topic , is be able to have the wall subtitle in my window . so that having avoiding that the subtitles disappeared under the screen and so on . like actually it 's working like , right now . if you make three subtitles lines , the third one is pretty unreadable . these will be fixed instead . ( o ) but how ? what is your- ( ch ) first of all trying to define standard . for example , ( ? ? ) subtitles should not be longer than this and ask you , and all the partners to avoid , to send longer messages . of course , we will try- yes . this is the reason why based on our experience of course , we need a kind of offering which prepares the subtitles before ( ? ? ) - i know that it is definitely something that you do not like it . ( o ) yeah . ( ch ) and we have it disabled it in , in each places where it where , do n't worry . but based on our experience , really thus ( ? ? ) of something which prepares the subtitles before the view . uhh , maybe reasoning on punctuation and reasoning on max words to be displayed on the screen . this is definitely disabled for the elitr project but is something that ( ? ? ) project . because this helps us to make the subtitle more readable . ( o ) because i think that the logic behind this is very complicated , like the the- if you are making subtitles for movie . then , they are offline like , you know , what should appear where . you , you have the time to fix it . and i 'm sure that the there is someone who is checking the professionally prepared subtitles and and fixing them like- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) real time actually , um , most of the time seen in any case with the human , uh , uhm , supervision . ( o ) ok . so you have- you have live human supervision . ( ch ) yes . it is the pswv application . remember , i can show you really nice demo . of of this kind of , of application . but usually the human supervision , is focused on fixing words ( ? ? ) and fixing asr possible errors . and not on the look and feel of the subtitles . look and feel of the subtitles is based on general rule . we know , for example , that subtitle should not be longer than forty two characters . usually it 's two line separated . usually we prefer to have , uh , a complete phrase , in one subtitle screen . and those are all possible rules that can be applied in order to prepare readable subtitles . ( o ) no , if you do it live , then you have to have a delay for that , because the the phrase has to be completed . so , uh , yeah . that 's , if , if we are to introduce delay , then i understand it 's you can do all this clever logic . ( ch ) yeah , actually , it , it introduce a delay especially ( ? ? ) introduce it , when when the machine translation is concatenated . but usually people prefer to , well actually we prefer subtitles for deaf people . and then deaf- deaf people are not that affected from , from this kind of uh , delay . uhh , i can understand that for ( ? ? ) . it could be different . ( o ) so if they already like have no way of getting the information . they are happy to wait three seconds and have it after three seconds . they do not realize that there is any delay . ( ch ) yes , exactly . uhh , when we prepare , uh , subtitles for in batch let 's say in offline solution . instead we also check , for example , uh , screen changes , and we synchronize subtitles with screen changes in dismiss uhh , the subtitles , uh , let 's say synchronize with the history . uh , ( ? ? ) the program . okay . actually we have finished . i 'm going to review everything and send you uh , a recap . i can wrote it also in the google doc , do n't worry . and i will ( ? ? ) to have another meeting , maybe when we have something , uh , uh , something to be displayed , something ( ? ? ) correct path or not . ( ? ? ) little bit more happy regarding our the little project is evolving . ( o ) it is ok , i , i , i 'm already quite satisfied with what we have now . so there is the the few things that really annoy me at the moment , but they are very limited . and that is to be able to switch off the video . if i enter the mturl , then sangeet is probably not happy about the language ids not shown . but i do not see that as big problem myself , because- ( ch ) there 's the- let me check it , sorry . let me check it because actually the label should be there . ( o ) it should be there ? oh , okay . ( ch ) sorry , i was pretty sure that- ( o ) i do n't see the labels there . ( ch ) me too . but they were . ( o ) oh okay . so maybe there is ( ? ? ) ( ch ) probably the developer uploader an update . and ( ? ? ) , he did not put the the correct version , sorry . they should be there . i remember that they were . ( o ) yeah , and , uh , what is this back , uh , uh , the video that milos is now- ( ch ) i see the sent me an e-mail this morning , uhhh , i have n't yet read it , sorry . ( o ) yeah . yeah , let 's maybe , maybe let 's even discuss this , because we know that is also difficult to actually stream the video in sufficient quality . it 's difficult to , to , to acquire the the video signal and it 's difficult to spray . so that 's why milos is considering just sequence of images , such as the slides or streaming . and i do not know if this is , like , what what is your opinion on this ? what if the video area can be actually flexible and can support either the standard video stream or this thing that milos suggested . ( ch ) i think that we can reason about it , of course , it could be . uhh , i think that when we do not need to have , uh , real video displayed , but we would like to display just slides . could be an a good idea to send images , because this will also help us in order to avoid the bend- ( o ) yeah , exactly . and the quality is higher because the image is compressed as an image and not , not like not ( ? ? ) ( ch ) if it 's good for the uh , eurosai congress i suggest put it in the the requirements . i would like- i 'm not 100 percent sure that it could be done . because i 'm not a web developer . but i would like to ask it to our developer for sure . ( o ) i think that your remark , like the mention of the eurosai congress , i 'm not sure , if it 's good for that or not . because they are very actively . the organizers are very actively working kind of against slides . so they are , everybody is in their talks is is best ( ? ? ) for not having a video there . so they are trying to in introduce like they they will play some videos create for ( ? ? ) for the presentations . so yes there will be slides , but they will be also entirely videos . and that is not a good solution for-in that case , you do not want just to send , uhh , sequence of images . so i think that the images presentation , uhh , is important more important for ( ? ? ) , standard research talks , and much less for the eurosai congress itself . ( ch ) ok . so , that actually it is not , uh , number one priority , but it 's an appreciated feature . ( o ) yeah , i think that , so , milos , milos was considering this and one of the reasons is that the the workshop , there will be actively subtitling . that will have either the slides or like a live demo . so we would be opening web-browsers . but then in that case , we can not also stream , uh , images . so i do not know what is the best , the best setup . ( ch ) i do n't know , but we can reason about it at least . maybe we can- ( o ) i wanted i wanted to get back to the , to the way that you are doing the subtitling . because you had the experience so is just like i do not want to , like push my opinions . i have limited experience compared to the pervoice , because you are doing more subtitling sessions than than we . ( ch ) yes , but remember that you are the project leader in any case . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , so . the the way , the delay was introduced ( ? ? ) was introduced in the early version . it was simply not working . so that 's that 's why i totally like dismiss that . and i i still kind of think , it is , there should not be any delay . and i still do think that it should be the only the final layer , the presentation the the web browser if it 's running ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) software modules of departments are moving in this direction , actually . to try to avoid the delay . we are also trying to prepare the , let 's say udp- ( o ) udp style . ( ch ) line , which probably will not match at all the the history representation , but it could be interesting instead for the subtitle overlay . unfortunately , some module that still full of bugs . we are still reasoning ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) application , it is start becoming a pretty complex . but do n't worry , we are , we are reason about it , really . ( o ) so now i 'm thinking , if you , if maybe someone sessions that we are running . the maldi tests , could use some of your style of subtitling , so that we could see , how the delay works in practice , because right now , the mt systems are and the asr are finally of the quality where i 've told , i do n't know if i told you . but i definitely word it in in some the documents . that recently , we had martin popel colleague of mine speaking czech on purpose . so there was a talk held in czech . and there were two indian students watching it . and they said , '' if we fully focused on the english subtitles we could get the , almost all the content of the talk . `` so there were ( ? ? ) english- so they were they were happy about that but they also really pointed out that full concentration was needed . and whenever they looked , when they raised their eyes from the subtitles to the main screen for the slide as they got lost . and lost ( ? ? ) . so for them the , the way that we are looking at now . the the subtitle overlay that would be really the best solution . so subtitle overlay over sent images . that 's the ideal thing for for this type of talks . ( ch ) and do you think that's-oh , sorry , i probably , i 'm going to , uh , uhh , go out of battery . but we had pretty much finished . do you think that having the subtitle overlay to possible slide text is not a problem ? ( o ) no , i do not think it is problem , because the text of the subtitles flickers a lot it changes . so there is all you can see through that . so even if there is something underneath . you will , there be a point when the speaker is quiet , and then the , uh , subtitles will disappear , shortly , or they will change . so i think you can read two texts over each other . ( ch ) okay , nice . so at least we have took some decision- ( o ) so back to back to , back to my question , uh . if you have a set up where you have your cashing subtitling working . can we see it ? can we run it in one of our monday seminars ? would there be way to put it into the pipeline , so that for example , we have to the same language available twice and people would choose . and in your subtitling view , they would choose which , they want to see whether the delay subtitles- ( ch ) well it 's not possible to have a have two different version . you can choose or the first one or the second one . ( o ) ( ? ? ) have , because where where is it implemented . where is the cashing implemented ? in which part of the pipeline ? ( ch ) hmm , in the publishing worker , publication worker . ( o ) ok . ( ch ) yeah , which is the modul that- ( o ) but still , the publication worker is that a single application ? i thought it 's many different publishing , publication workers , so if you 're in two of them . one would be that non cashing , and one would be the cashing one , and they would both , connect to the same web server , which then sends its the to the to the participants . then there could be two versions , obviously the the language text would be crazy . but ( ? ? ) we do , we do that quite frequently that we have like we have czech on , or english . we have english on en , x zero and x one . so we have . . yeah , we , we often have like three different versions of english , because we are checking the adapted and non adapted model and karlsruhe model and our model . so with some other set up- ( ch ) send the audio twice , so that you need 2 different asr , for the moment we are , we are reasoning about the let 's say the tree structure of the paths in order to . ( o ) that should be ok now . so , so if sangeet is still on the call , if you could discuss , sooner or later . ( s ) yeah . ( o ) so sangeet , if if if chiara sends different specification of ( ? ? ) fingerprints . i think it would be very useful for some of the monday talks , which are held in english to also have english subtitles- so , so chiara is this delays , this cashing more useful for asr , or for the translation ? where is it more important ? ( ch ) well , i think on the asr , we probably will benefits more . ( o ) so if you- ( ch ) because the machine translation , already prepares phrases , in order to be able to translate ( ? ? ) meaningful phrase . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . so like not this monday , but in two , in two weeks now or three weeks now . i think it would be very useful to run at one of the monday seminars , to run a specific test , focused on that flicker like flicker versus delay . and what would be the best experience for the people . and there we should have your , your full pipeline in comparison to our full pipeline . and our full pipe-so it would be double audio sent , but we are now connected with wires . so that should be doable . ( ch ) we will probably require , uhhh , one day at least in order to tune everything . and this week we are definitely busy , and also the next one . maybe the first , or second week of march would be fine . ( o ) yes , yeah , yeah . so plan it . and i would like to see is uh , so normally you are going , you have the setup for the asr . so we 'll do it for talk which is held in english . so the asr will be delayed , and also the translation , we should try our way of presenting the subtitles , which include- sangeet , please remind me . is subtitler included in , in the pipeline are not anymore ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( o ) so we only use- sorry , i ca n't understand . ( s ) yeah , we are using subtitler for the ( ? ? ) ( o ) yeah , ok . so we should , we should also run the subtitler , there is this flicker or desire flicker setting , and we should choose different ones . so for that session we should test pervoice delays versus our 3 setting of flicker . and we should see which of those we like best . ( s ) ok , ok , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) and we should see this for the asr language . and also for some target translation language . if it 's here in prague , then probably czech . if it 's for intenational audient , then probably german . ( s ) okay . ( ch ) okay . nice . that is all . thank you so much to both of you . ( o ) yeah , ( ? ? ) and let 's let 's be in touch afterwards . okay ? ( s ) bye ( ch ) bye . bye bye .", "tgt": "collected feedback from event 2019 . possibility to disable the video . load a list of default languages . pervoice platform adaptation - conflicts . presentation of possibilities where subtitles appear . layout 1 - only 1 language per time , big video size . being mobile friendly ? layout 2 - pervoice style , video reduced in size , add history , mobile friendly , disable video , more language . layout 3 - youtube style , mobile friendly , can not disable video , possibility to expanse the video size , 1 language . different possible situations to have them all . pros and cons of possibilities . text flow functionality . language id shown . quality of streamed video . testing layout on monday seminar ."}
{"src": "( ? other language ? ) ( ch ) hi , good morning . ( ? other language ? ) good morning . ondrej do you hear me ? ( o ) hello chiara . can you hear me ? does it do anything or not ? i , i can not hear you , i dont know whats with my sound setting here . ( ch ) this is me speaking . for a test . ( o ) yeah so can you hear me now ? ( ch ) yes , sure , do you hear me ? ( o ) yeah , okay , yes , great . ( ch ) oh , great . ( o ) amazing . if i understood correctly , ( ? ? ) is not going to join . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) uh ( ? ? ) if he would come but he- and he said yes , but then he disappeared . so i do not know- ( ch ) okay . well today ( ? ? ) should be pretty simple , simple , simple meeting . actually , we , we have collected all the feedbacks received doing the , ehm , well at the june events in prague , and during the tests , and the event sitting autumn the correct one faculty remember . and so we have collected all of them , and we are going to reveal presentation platform . the goal is to have the new , uh for the ( ? ? ) congress in the end of may . since actually , we are going to review the look and feel of the web ( ? ? ) we would like to have the european union , and the expecially your agreement since you are the- the project leader , and we would like to , uh , prepare somthing that acomplish the elitr requirements . i 'm going to share the presentation , ( o ) mm-hmm , . so ( ? ? ) will connect soon , hes , hes here in the , uh , uh i can not switch off um , like im already using the mic and i- theres no way to put it through out speakers im afraid . ( ch ) okay , meanwhile i drag end up on my presentation , ( ? ? ) hm . sorry , im going to copy , since we share ( ? ? ) share point maybe it is making some problem . i copied on the ( ? ? ) . okay . ( o ) so i just learned through the sms messages like my my mother in law is in can not pick up the kids . so until when do we need to call like , how long would would twelve 50 be sufficient to end ? ( ch ) yes , sure . ( o ) yeah , okay . ( ch ) im not able to ( ? ? ) presentation . i do not know why ? ( o ) ( ? ? ) sharing the screen , can you try sharing the screen ? guest , oh okay . make host . i do not know to be able to prison to scream . ( ch ) sorry , just a sec . okay . do you see presentation now ? . ( o ) yeah yeah . ( ch ) now lets see if i 'm able to move through these lights , okay . okay , are we ready ? ( o ) thank you , we noticed , this is a good summary . ( ch ) its the ( ? ? ) presentation platform . uh , okay . i select the of boxes subtittles appears . could you commute ? so you can you mute when you have some interview . thank you can see things . ok . expecially you ondrej ( ? ? ) to let me be the user , and the find de is the subtitle of size and lenght . and if you remember , we encountered the problem of having three lines of subtitles . and the third line disappeared uh , in , eh , beneath the the box , because there is not that an enough space nor ( ? ? ) space . and we often talked about the possibility of having a longer the context , especially , uh that you liked the the history that see presentation so that the user is able to scroll , uh the history and read the past messages , uh , from the ( ? ? ) . often people prefer to enable just one language for subtittle , most of the time , the the the language is the english or their mother tongue , and then just a couple of notes that he liked the black and white subtitles and also , the size was fine , uh , reading the questionnaire . from the old tomb events , uh , we weders as feedback the possibility to disable the video , because sometimes is not available at all . your colleagues asked us to have the possibility to automatically load , a list of , uh , default , lets say languages , for example ( ? ? ) like that , that each time , the user enter the main page , seeing the , for example , the at least english subtitle enabled by default , we talk about the the ( ? ? ) , to make the subtitles base adaptive in order to hostile all the text . the then we the left justified the subtitles . this is pretty strange and for us because the subtitles usually appear centered , uh , but we understood that the requirements was related to the incremental ( ? ? ) , especially for the machine translation , with the change of all the while assets a new up from the esr are , and it changed too much and its confusing for the user , and expecially during the ( ? ? ) event . if i correctly remember , you see the the ( ? ? ) application . and and you like the really not should ( o ) have you seen our paragraph , style view ? i think you must have seen it . ( ? ? ) in the in the paper . so i think that the paragraphs style view is kind of done by that , so i think that there is no need to uh , to force it into your interface , but we do not have the video . so thats , so thats , the question , whether people want the video plus the paragraph view . and that is something which we do not have ( ch ) mm-hmm , okay . okay . well reason about these requirements and reason about how to change the actual presentation platform in order to try to accomplish as much as possible on the requirements , but actually there are some unco- incompability . and because we need to ( ? ? ) because if you like to have , uh , the video as much should be good as possible . uh , probably , we have to sacrifie all the history style view , or the possibility to have a subtitles in many languages at the same time . and this is true for all the , uh , uhh , lets say the three main requirements , if you would like to have the history . we can not have many . ( ? ? ) so actually ( ? ? ) present you 3d ( ? ? ) let see ( ? ? ) of the new presentational platform that are only images ( ? ? ) has been done yet , uh , but its , uh- please consider them as possible , uh , starting point for the next , uh , uhh , developments . okay . the first is the history style . ( ? ? ) pro , we have the- the video as bigger as possible . ( ? ? ) here told me also to be really careful expecially , because he at the moment on the market that we have both , uh , uhh , left ( ? ? ) 16 to 9 representation . and with 4 to 3 representation . we have to reason really careful on the representation , but actually , uh , uhh , this configuration could change , based on the screen size ( ? ? ) . ( o ) i like this layout . ( ch ) oh okay . but actually , if we maximize the video size . we can have the history on the left , actually its like the alfaview application , but for sure it does not enable you to have many languages first time and these are , cant select just one language per time , and probably , uhh , we have to manage the incremental ( ? ? ) in some way , we are still on the idea to , to not put business logic inside the presentation . it is just a presentation layer . umm , the business logic should be the prepared by the module before the presenation base . so that if you would like to have this kind of representation , we need to manage the incremental updates of the kit asr before they arrive to the presentation layer . uh , we have also some doubts regarding the mobile friendly representation . i 'm , i 'm not sure , but the elitr grand agreement it is written that people will use the presentation platform , on the person of the ( ? ? ) . im gon na first read these definition i talked about the also mobile phones or tablests as ( ? ? ) . actually we seen people just use a lot of the- please tell me if the mob- mobile friendliness is a requirement for you or not . ( o ) it is . it is hard to say , it was nice feature in your view . but i i think it is likely that the congress people would use it . because this is- its very hard to say uh chiara , sorry to interrupt you . but i need you because of the kids need to be picked up in half an hour , or i have to extend their stay in their institutions . i will make two phone calls , and i will be back in five minutes . ( ch ) i promise , that in a quarter we will finish everything . ( o ) i would actually prefer to leave them there . so i would like to make a phonecalls and there just ending now , so , so ill , ill have more time . but i need to make sure that they can stay there . ( ch ) ok , and we can ( ? ? ) do not worry thank you . ( o ) so i will be back in one second . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) do you have opinion regarding this representation ? ( s ) ( ? ? ) ( ch ) ( ? ? ) actual presentation platform boxes . ( ? ? ) have you seen me ? have you heard me ? ( s ) ( ch ) hi . ( s ) ( ch ) ( ? ? ) presentation platform feature in different places inside our webpage , of course our designer will will provide , uh , better ideas , it will not be , uh , bold white text . on black screen . it will look much more like the chat- have you seen the alfaview application ? okay , it will probably look , uh , uhh , roughly like this one this one will be the , the design choosen by ondrej of course . because , this is just a proposal . the first one . we are going to see other two different proposal , in orded to review the presentation platform application . ( s ) ( ch ) your microphone its really really powerful , it catch a lot of uh , os different noises . ( ? ? ) can you repeat it please ? ( s ) ( ch ) i think that the ( ? ? ) presentation platform we already have a , a white label on the black boxes , in order to um , define whitch subtitle language is displayed in the box . my idea but its really just a picture on , on a slide for the moment . in this kind of representation is to have ( ? ? ) for languages for example . in this example you see theres the en tab . but if someone would like to see the german one , can select the different tab . hi ondrej , you are back . ( o ) okay , im back . ( ? ? ) three other kids , uh , so that the plans changed , thats complicated . yeah . so , i do not know what you have discussed . but as i said , i like this view . and in addition to the top idea i can . i could see an option to have the languag- two languages but not more , underneath each other so there could be like upper half for english and lower half for another language , ( ch ) ( ? ? ) lets say if i select the one or two or three or four ( ? ? ) opinion creates too much ( ? ? ) it is not that user friendly . ( ? ? ) just one language , and if someone would like to see , for example , to switch to german subtitles select . for example , of course , this is just my picture ( ? ? ) , but i can take another , and then we discuss it , the , uh , developer . we already talked about this possibility , and they were not uh , uhh , ( o ) so the tabs are okay , or uh- ( ch ) the text is just the first simple really simple idea , ( o ) let us stick to the that . i think it makes sense . and i agree that having like two languages at the same time would be or already complication . i can easily easily find situations where it would be useful to have more languages in , like underneath each other , but we can not ( ? ? ) for all the the situation . so it is . ( ch ) the second proposal is the following , which is the actual . uh . let us see the ( ? ? ) representation . here the video size . he read these reviews that in order to have everything in the same screen now , and the idea would be to add the history in the black box for subtitles in order to let them become scrollable , and this will be also ah , more mobile friendly in our opinion . but of course it looks a little bit and all the style of representation . ( o ) i dont mind the- i do not mind the old style . but what i 'm afraid of is the is the space . so now you , you are showing three lines . i think it is ( ? ? ) its like the worst compromise , the because you do not get enough content of not enough of the paragraph view , and the font is already too small , so it is not the subtitles , which are easy to read . so i think thats , thats the- i would not go for this one . so i i like the way the that you know , the the current view , which has big fonts , but has serious problem was with the flicker . but that is if if the if the language ( ? ? ) allows that , then it is okay . but i like also your proposal with the tabs where theres the paragraph next to the video that looks the very good . but this is one . uh , uh . and even if you have two languages as you are showing it now . i think in the it is like the something , which does not have any any benefit of either of the solutions . ( ch ) actually one of the benefits is that , so you can have more languages per time . you can also disable the video . instead in the history representation . i have not been to the picture for this scenario , sorry . but the idea is that the big picture of the work that ( ? ? ) . its just a black . without the video , which is not that- umm , its not that attractive . exactly . but of course , we have to take some decision . ( o ) so i think that there is no- there is no need to prepare this style of view ( ? ? ) the video , because for that , the the the the presentation that all the created is sufficient . ( ch ) okay . okay . and this is , okay . and these ( ? ? ) , of the ( ? ? ) video and our last propose is the following . and and especially our designers pressed a lot these kind of representation , the at the beginning of the project , they proposed the first this kind of representation . and we said , '' no , because we need to be able to read the text on the slide . and we said that having the subtitle overlay to the vindeo , video on stream . can cover some text inside these lights uh , this is probably the most attractive one , because ( ? ? ) , the kind of youtube style representation of subtitles . and it is for sure mobile friendly , but in this representation , you can not disable , the video , for example , ( ? ? ) on the other side you can make it as bigger as possible , because you can have the video fullscreen , and still be able to ( ? ? ) subtitles . this situation again , one language per time . ( o ) yeah , so i like the set up as well . so i think we are actually the the there is different situations , but we are coming towards three different views , and i think we should have all of them . so this one , which was no , another will have previously as the something which which like . so i would really like this one to be implemented . then there is the number of changes which we need to in in your existing subtitle view . but these changes are not to the event , but they need not be too big . ( ch ) well i actually- the only , uh , the only the only representation , which does not require big changes is the second . but dont worry we have . it was the first presentation platform is the first demo in order to be able to check integration make some experiments . we are not afraid to move to a different representation pictured by us . more work do not worry . we used to like the third one , expecially because it can be declined in other ( ? ? ) voice applications . but uh , we , we have like was so to have the least try the history style in alfaview history style , the first one . and at least to try . uhh . what do you think that in the russia congress would be , uh , the preferable , preferable representation in your opinion ? ( o ) yeah , so , i know that there will be people just , uh , roaming around , and these will have small devices . so for them anything , which is like , and they will be also , they will be sometimes in the room . but even if they are in the room then they can not really follow the subtitles on their cell phone and the slides in front of them . so they still need need to have the slides on the on the device . the so called then this you . the one that we are looking at now is that as they will select one language , probably english , or their mother de depending on what it is easier for them to follow , and they will . they will follow this . then there will be some big screen outside of the the main presentation of the main conference room . and that presentations green should the in my opinion attract everybody in all their many languages , ( ? ? ) like the content of the , of the discussions , which is , uh , which is running in the in the hole . so it is like uh , there is this main conference happening . and there is off stage corridor were people gather , and they are not sure if they want to enter the hall or not . so they follow the , the monitor and the subtitles there . and for that view , i think that is the- so originally , i thought that we would have there only the man is . so it is it is important , show many languages . but it is also important to show the video , and we have slightly bigger screen the size of the screen , and also that its location is very unclear . ( ? ? ) lately , it is like last week , as he said , this can be negotiated . ( ch ) maybe i , i understood your your point . maybe we can try to have the history style , with at most two languages . what do you think ? ( o ) ( ? ? ) which would be english and the and the floor , or something like that , right ? but then we would need to edit that actively . and to decide which of the languages should be shown . so- this is , this is hard decision . and its like , it could it induce lot of work , and then end up being hidden somewhere like the back of the corridor that no one ever sees it . so the so that could be ( ? ? ) effot to some extent . so what we could also do there is , to only show the video , and kind of just place another window next that , and use the existing paragraph view with that , or use the existing subtitle view with that . so we would like put this , organize this together only for that , for that simple screen . so i can not imagine that we would have one person , taking care of this of the this screen . i think this screen has to be set up and and run all the time without any manual intervention . theres no- we do not have the capacity , we will not have the capacity at the congress to , to run it . ( ? ? ) to have someone who would be like switching languages , and and so on . so i see two options what the show on the screen , one would be english subtitles , regardless the language , which is spoken . and the the most of the area to be used for the , for video or all the languages that we are supporting as an advertisement , and then the ( ? ? ) or people can select their own language , and the video would be very useful there , but i dont know if we have to develop it as an application , i would just organize the windows on uh- ( ch ) uhh , moreover , i think that for the advertising , uh , view lets say , its more interesting to see , uh , many languages , and also maybe a small , small video . you can put them on the top of the actual ( ? ? ) application , ditch the hls streaming , and even if its small , it is just for , lets say an informative reason . ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah . ( ch ) the focus would be on subtitles . ( o ) yes , yeah . ( ch ) ok . uh , so- just to recover , this is- okay this is the prone and control of , of all the three possible , uh , representation . you like most the third one if i currently understood ? okay . uhh . would you like we try the paragraph for the first one , the alfaview style history ? because otherwise we are removing completely the history requirements which could be fine of course . just to be sure that these this is a decision , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) hmm . ( ch ) it is difficult , i understand . ( o ) i think that for , uh , the paragraph , with the depths is sufficiently mobile friendly . ( ch ) actually . ( o ) the alfaview , the history style of alfaview ? ( ch ) unfortunately , i havent the picture of a mobile here . later my mobile telephone here , but actually usually people see , exactly , look at the telephone in vertical , having the history here in makes text really small and the history goes really fast . but we can try . im not , an definetly not a web designer ( o ) ( ? ? ) imagine if they headed veritcally oriented . and it would be like video in the upper half or less actually . then you would have obviously one language only , but you could have quite long , uh , history . ( ch ) i can propose it . uh , i 'm not sure , i can not promise it . but i understand your idea , is to have the video here and the history here . i can propose it . would you like ( ? ? ) the alfaview ( ? ? ) . ( o ) for the horizontal layout , uh , i think that is better fit for the last . the subtitle was setup where we have the small history , and it may prove to flickering . so this is something which , where you pay for the , you ( ? ? ) by the small video . but you have gained lot of lot of history here . ( ch ) mm-hmm , okay . ( o ) ( ? ? ) like scroll the history . where is here you can observe is that does not make sense to scroll the overlay as a subtitle , that would be okay . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) ( ? ? ) and underneath we have a paragraph view , kind of the ( ? ? ) thing . ( ? ? ) to be wasting that the space for the decks . i would somehow have , i do not know , maybe just have like one setting button here that which , that would allow you to to the language instead of the deck . ( ch ) okay . i 'm going to send you the update of the finantial requirements , but just to be sure for the asr congress in ( ? ? ) which represent- we are going to prepare both the lets say , history alfaview style and the subtitle overlay . but the most important , for the ( ? ? ) congress will be . ( o ) i think the subtitle overlay ( ? ? ) , thats my guess , it would for people roaming in the corridors , and , and like remotely watching what is happening . ( ch ) okay . ( o ) the other mode , which is the main screen , uh , somewhere like no not the the very main screen , but the , uh , the screen in the , in the lobby . for that we would use your existing implementation , and sh- either your existing information with no video whatsoever , or the the the player to the paragraph view that we have somehow . i dont know how to make a float , that works or not . that is easy ( ? ? ) reasonably easy to add a floating slowly video player like the vision . ( ch ) uh , i can not say ( ? ? ) sorry . i 'm not- i do not have the technical , uh , understanding beneath the web things , sorry . ( o ) i think the- i think it should be organizable simply by like putting windows on on various models . so it could be just the standard window manager . and and two windows , one with the full screen web browser , and on top of that a video player , which runs the ( ? ? ) , and that would probably do the job . ( ch ) okay . i 'm going to send you the review of the ( ? ? ) requirements . in order to be sure that i understood everything . and i hope we will start to with the development soon , because ( ? ? ) and we need to test , test everything . ( o ) so i was- i was also curious about the current interface . i am going to like throw that out , throw it away , or right start from scratch , or are you going to , to improve the existing one ? ( ch ) uh , i dont know . it depends from the developer , sorry . ( o ) you mentioned , you mention some time ago that this was in ruby , and you do not have anyone who work on ruby code anymore , or something like that . but i do not know- ( ch ) no , no you , of course we have a really ( ? ? ) developer . i 'm not gon na ( ? ? ) developer . ( ? ? ) you . niether ( ? ? ) the , the developer . ( o ) so there , because my my question for- and that actually also , uh , uh , uh , uh , is related to the , the subtitle overlay . the the last setup . the the question is what is in the messages , and i think that the ( ? ? ) and i said this quite early in the communication . i think that the messages should be sentence oriented , as they are now coming to , into the like , subtitle . if you remember i 'm ( ? ? ) subtitler , which was organizing sentences into these like the in the the two lines . but the way i created the subtitler , was that it was flexible , and did you manage to- i think i e-mailed you the link to ( ? ? ) and there was like little demo . and when you played the subtitler and you changed the size of the window . it like cleverly filled that space , and it was rolling smoothly , and when you reuse the space . it was rolling smooth , if it could and then it had resets . do you remember it ? the idea- yeah . so this is this is like , text flow functionallity kind of . so its deciding which to , which text to put where as the messages are coming in . and it is what you are doing is that flowed the decisions like when the brake lines . you need to know how much of the text that fit there , and how much did not . and so that is why i was from saying that i think this text flow functionally should be part of the the final view . and if people change their phone size . the the final application . should they did , and you fold size into account and ( ? ? ) should food or was that should fit , but the logic that does the text flow has to know the font size . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) . sorry , send me your present- ( o ) yeah , so my question is if you can include in your plans to have this subtitling functionally in the in the front-end in the final the player , which no the font size . ( ch ) i understood your points . actually we , we would probably have noted that we have not talked about the possibility to let the user , define the look and feel of the subtitles . for the moment i will- it will not be available . and the reason is that these on- to the the the the uh , like the ( ? ? ) decisions by the user , but is also a responding to the actual space on the on the screen on the- ( ch ) exactly , exactly . ( ? ? ) managed but onto the french things . one thing is that the user can customize , for example , the phone size , of the subtitle . he now meaning these on our experience . the the user is not able to understand what is readable subtitle . and this is the reason why we do not put these kind of functionality , at least for the moment in the pressentation , ( ? ? ) . ( o ) ( ? ? ) use this control plus , and minus . i very often change the font size for the word pages , because the different web page designers where , will simply their preferences were incompatible with those of mine , and i like can not read it . so if you , if you if you want to really , do it you for your safety . then you would have the ( ? ? ) to disable this paling . you would have the work on on making the font size fixed and unchangeable . but i ( ? ? ) make it bad for the user . ( ch ) a different aspects of this , this topic , is be able to have the wall subtitle in my window . so that having avoiding that the subtitles disappeared under the screen and so on . like actually working like , right now . if you make three subtitles lines , the third one is pretty unreadable . these will be fixed instead . ( o ) but how ? what is your- ( ch ) first of all tying to define standard . for example , ( ? ? ) subtitles should not be longer than this and ask you , and all the partners to avoid , to send the longer messages . of course , when you ( ? ? ) yes . this is the reason why ( ? ? ) experience of course , we need a kind of offering which prepairs the subtitles before ( ? ? ) - i know that it is definitely something that you do not like it . and we have disabled ( ? ? ) in , in each places where it where , dont worry . but based on our experience , really thus elitr of something each prepares the subtitles before the view . uhh , maybe reasoning on punctuation and reasoning on max words to be displayed on the screen . and this is definitely disabled for the elitr project but is something that ( ? ? ) project , because this helps us to make the subtitle more readable . ( o ) ( ? ? ) because i think that the logic behind this is very complicated , like the the- if you are making subtitles for movie . then , they are offline like , you know , what should appear where . you , you have the time to fix it . and i 'm sure that the there is someone who was checking the professionally prepared subtitles and fixing them like- ( ch ) ( ? ? ) real time actually , um , most of the time seen ( ? ? ) with the human , uh , uhm , supervision . ( o ) you have- you have live human supervision . ( ch ) yes . it is the pswv application . remember , i can show you really nice demo of this kind of , of application , but usually the human supervision , is focused on fixing words autography and fixing asr possible errors . and also on the look and feel of the subtitles . look and feel of the subtitles is based on general rule . we know , for example , that subtitle 's should not be longer than forty two characters . usually its two line separated . usually we prefer to have , uh , a complete phrase , in one subtitle screen , and those are all possible rules that can be applied in order to prepare readable subtitles . ( o ) ( ? ? ) then you have to have a delay for that , because the has to be completed . so , uh , yeah . thats , if , if we are to introduce the delay of then i understand it is you can do all this clever logic . ( ch ) actually , it , it introduce delay expecialy ( ? ? ) introduce it in , when the machine translation is ( ? ? ) . but usually people prefer to ( ? ? ) prepare subtitles for deaf people . and then deaf- deaf people are not that affected from , from these kinds of uh , delay . uhh , i can understand that for ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) different . ( o ) so if they already like have no way of getting the information . they are happy to wait three seconds and have it after three seconds . they do not realize that there is any delay . ( ch ) yes , ( ? ? ) . uhh , when we prepare , uh , subtitles for ( ? ? ) lets say in offline solution . instead we also check , for example , uh , screen changes , and we synchronize subtitles with screen changes in dismiss uhh , the subtitles , uh , lets say synchronize with the history . uh , ( ? ? ) the program . okay . actually we have finished . i 'm going to review everything and send you uh , the ( ? ? ) . i can wrote it also in the google ( ? ? ) , uhh , and i will ( ? ? ) maybe when we have something , uh , uhh , uh , something to be displayed , something ( ? ? ) correct ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) little bit more happy regarding our the little project is ( ? ? ) . ( o ) it is ok , i , i , im already quite satisfied with what we have now . so there is the the few things that really annoy me at the moment , but they are very the limited . and that is to be able to switch off the video . if i enter the mtrl , then sanghi is probably not have ( ? ? ) name language not shown , but i do not see that as big problem myself , because- ( ch ) theres the- let me check it , sorry , , because actually the label should be there . ( o ) it should be there ? oh , okay . ( ch ) sorry , i was pretty sure that- ( o ) i dont see the label ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) me too . but they were . ( o ) oh okay . so maybe there is are beating the developer uploader an update . and indeed , she did not put the correct version , sorry . they should be there . i remember that they were . ( o ) and , uh , what is this back , uh , uh , the video that milos is now- i see the sent me an e-mail this morning , uhhh , have not yet to read it . sorry . ( o ) yeah . ( ? ? ) yeah , lets maybe , maybe lets even discuss this , because we know that is also difficult to actually stream the video in sufficient quality . its difficult to , to , to acquire the the video signal and its difficult to spray . so thats why milos is considering just sequence of images , such as the slides or streaming . and i do not know if this is , like , what is your opinion ? what is your opinion on this , or if the video , a area can be actually those flexible and going to support either the standard video stream or this thing that milos such as did . ( ch ) i think that we can reason about it , of course , it could be . uhh , i think that when we do not need to have , uh , real video displayed , but we would like to display just slides . could be an a good idea to send images , because it still also help us in order to avoid the bend- ( o ) yeah , exactly . and the quality is higher because the image is compressed as an image and not , not like the not ( ? ? ) ( ch ) if its good for the uh , asr congress i suggest put it in the the requirements . i would like- i 'm not 100 percent sure that it could be done because i 'm not a web developer . but i would like to ask it to our developer for sure . ( o ) i think that your remark- like the mention of the asr congress , im not sure , if its good for that or not because they are very actively- the organizers are very actively working kind of against slides . so they are- everybody is in their jokes is is the best bestowed for not having a video there . so they are trying to in introduce like they they will play some videos create ( ? ? ) presentations . so yes there will be slides , but they will be also entirely ( ? ? ) videos , and that is not good solution for- in that case , you do not want just to send , uhh , sequence of images . so i think that the images presentation , uhh , is important more important for ( ? ? ) , standard research talks , and much less for the asr congress itself . ( ch ) ok . so , that actually it is not , uh , number one priority , but its an appreciated feature . ( o ) yeah , i think that , so , milos , milos was considering this and one of the reasons is the the the the the workshop , there will be actively subtitling that will have either the slides or like a live demo . so we would be opening web-browsers . but then in that case , we can not also stream , uh , images . so i do not know what is the best of the best setup . ( ch ) i dont know , but we can reason about it at least . maybe we can . ( o ) i wanted to do a get back to the , to the way that you are doing the subtitling . because you had the experience so is just like i do not want to , like push my opinions . i have limited experience compared to the other boys , because you are doing more subtitling sessions than than we . ( ch ) yes , but remember that you are the project leader in the uk ( o ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but , the way , the delay was introduced ( ? ? ) was introduced in the early version . it was simply not working . so thats why i , totally like dismiss that . and i i still kind of say , it is , there should not be any delay . and that i still do thing that it should be the only the final layer , the presentation the the we browser if its running ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) software modules of departments are moving in this direction , to try to avoid the delay . we are also trying to prepare the , lets say ( ? ? ) which probably will not match at all the the history representation , but it could be interesting is that the for subtitle overlay . unfortunately , some module that still full of box ( ? ? ) . ( ? ? ) the application , it is start becoming a pretty complex . but dont worry , we are , we are reason enough , really . ( o ) so im thinking , if maybe someone who sessions that we are running . ( ? ? ) could use some of your style of subtitling , so that we could see , how the delay works in practice , because right now , the ( ? ? ) are and the asr are finally on the quality where ( ? ? ) i dont know if i told you , but i definetly in in some of the documents that recently , we had martin popel colleague of mine speaking czech on purpose . so there was a talk held in czech . and there were two indian students watching it . and they said , '' if we fully focused on the english subtitles we could get the , almost all the content of the talk . `` so there were ( ? ? ) english- so they were happy , about , but they also really pointed out that full concentration was needed . and whenever they looked , when they raised their eyes from the subtitles , the the main screen for the slight as they got lost . and lost ( ? ? ) . so for them the , the way that we are looking at now . the the subtitle overlay that would be really the best solution . so subtitle overlay over sent images . that is the ideal thing for for this kind of talks . ( ch ) and do you think that is the- oh , sorry , i probably , im going to , uh , uhh , go out of battery . but we had pretty much finished . do you think that having the subtitle overlay to possible text is not a problem ? ( o ) no , i do not think it is problem , because the text of the subtitles flickers a lot and changes . so there is all you can see through that . so even if there is something underneath . you will , there be a point when the speaker 's quiet , and then the , uh , subtitles will disappear , shortly , or they will change . so i think you can read two texts over each other . ( ch ) okay , nice . so at least we two sound decision- ( o ) so back to my , back to my question , uh , if you have a set up where you have your cashe subtitling working . can we see it ? can we run it in one of our ( ? ? ) senators ? would there be way to put it into the ( ? ? ) line , so that for example , we have the same language , ( ? ? ) twice and people would choose . and in your subtitling view , they would choose which , they want to see with the delay- ( ch ) well its not possible to have a have two different version . you can choose the first one or the second one . ( o ) ( ? ? ) have , because where where is it implemented . ( ch ) hmm , in the publishing worker , publication worker , which is- ( o ) but still , the publication worker is that a single application ? i thought its many different publishing , publication workers , so if youre in two of them . one would be that non cashing , and one would be the cashing one , and they would both , connect to the same works error , which then sends its the to the to the participants . then there could be two versions , obviously the the language text would be crazy . but ( ? ? ) we do , we do that quite frequently that we have like we have to check , on , on english . we have english on en , x zero and x one . so we had . yeah , we , we often have like three different versions of english , because we are checking the edited and non edited model and ( ? ? ) . ( ch ) ( ? ? ) the audio twice , so that you need to leave the asr , for the moment we are , we are reasoning about the lets say the tree structure of the boxes in order to . ( o ) ( ? ? ) now . so , so if sanghi is still on the call , if you clould discuss , sooner or later . so sanghi , if chiara sends different specification of briefing of brains . i think it would be very useful for some of the monday talks , which are held in english to also have english subtitles- also chiara is delays , this cashing more useful for asr , or for the translation ? ( ch ) i think on the asr , we probably will benefit small . because the machine translation , already prepares phrases , in order to be able to translate ( ? ? ) meaning for phrase . ( o ) not this monday , but in two , in two weeks now or three weeks now . i think it would be very useful to run at one of the monday seminars , to run a specific test , focused on that flicker like flicker versus delay . and what would be the best experience for the people . there we should have your , your full ( ? ? ) plan in comparison to our full ( ? ? ) plan , and our full ( ? ? ) plan- so it would be double audio sent , but we are now connected with wires . so that should be doable . ( ch ) we will probably require , uhhh , one day at least in order to tune everything . and this week we are definetly busy , and also the next one . maybe the first , or second week of march would be fine . ( o ) so plan it . and i would like to see is uh , so normally you are going , you have the setup for the asr . so well do it for talk whitch is held in english . so the asr will be delayed , and also the translation , we should try our way of presenting the subtitles , which include- sanghi , please remind me . is subtitler included in , in the lines are not anymore ? so we only use- sorry , i ca n't understand . so we should , we should also run the subtitle , or there is this flicker or desire flicker setting , and we should ( ? ? ) . so before that station . we should just have their ways , the delays , the letters as our three said , '' things off recur , and see which of those we like best . and we shouold see this for the asr language . and also for some target translation language . if it is here in prague , then probably czech . if it is for intenational audient , then probably german . ( s ) okay . ( ch ) okay . nice . that is all . think you so much to both of you . ( o ) ( ? ? ) lets be in touch afterwards . okay ? ( ch ) bye . bye bye .", "tgt": "meeting as many requirements as possible . sacrifice history style view in order to have as many language translations at one time . add the history in the black box for subtitles in order to let them become scrollable , to make this also more mobile friendly for user . agreeing on a maximum number of languages , in history style , ? ? of two . text flow functionally should be part of the the final view . mentioning the necessary dose of attention to understand the contents of the interview , if spoken in other language and translated by the asr . planning the revealing of the presentation platform . mentioning review of web feel and look . establishing the possibility to automatically load a list of default languages . ondra appreciated the variant in an effort to reach the largest possible screen , there was also a discussion about the possibilities of 16:9 and 4:3 layouts . ondra like also chiaras proposal with the tabs where theres the paragraph next to the video . ondra mentions the importance of showing a lot of languages ? ? in the main conference room . in ondras opinion , it is inconceivable that anyone would take care of the main screen on the fly , ,the screen has to be set up and and run all the time without any manual intervention '' . chiara suggests that subtitles should be rather shorter than longer , and all the partners should avoid sending longer messages . ondra refuses option with delay of the text flow . ondra mentions the problem with maintaining constant signal quality , it is therefore a possibility to consider sequence of images , such as the slides or streaming . chiara agrees with the comment that the images presentation is more important for standard research talks , and much less for the asr congress itself . milos was considering , that one of the workshop features , that there will be active subtitling that will have either the slides or live demo ."}
{"src": "( on ) now and i 'll share my screen to show you the the google document , for while , sharing . yes . so this is this is the google doc , this is the agenda , hopefully , you all are looking in it . and and uh , since i have pervoice and also karlsruhe , i would like to remind everyone uh , that we need to provide sao with the details of the technical set up , so description of cables that uhm like will be connecting to , together with the graphical map , how to be connected to the interpretation booth . and uh , this is , this is still something for the very far future for the may , uh , 2020 . uh , but sao is already doing the preparations . and this description is necessary because this is what they will , uh , be giving to the companies to translation . uh , an interpreter agencies , uh , so that they know what what to connect to . so sao is seeking for the technical description , that their other uh , like subcontracted companies will will connect to . so please , please do provide this as soon as possible to to tea . so that tea can share it with sao , and and sao can , can use it in their preparations . so . can pervoice and karlsruhe please confirm that they will provide the details . and the graphical map like what needs to be where , some first draft of this obviously . but this is important so that the technical negotiations can start , please confirm that you will provide this , you have the details the detail questionnaire in your email already for some weeks . maybe we have n't heard some- ( sa ) to when do you need that layers ? the description ? ( on ) and i think as soon- i can hear myself and now in in the code that the little bit confusing , uh , but i know that for the may 2020 event , they are preparing everything with very biglike time- very had- a lot of a lot of time in advance , like two way to advance i would say . so for the workshop that we are also preparing for that event , they want to have a schedule of the workshop like a detailed plan till uh the end of this week actually , and that 's for workshop , which will happen in may 2020 . and this is for the workshop to like be- be accepted to the to the congress . and for these technical preparations . i think they will already start negotiating with the possible translation agencies or interpreter agencies , and they want to include this description into this call , because they need to do the official call for tendors and the the soon that they get the detail the the better i would say . so , please , please do it till the end- okay . ( sa ) yes , okay , ( on ) yeah , ok , thank you . uh , then another thing uh i would just like to be sure that it will be felix will be coming for the fair in march . i mentioned this in my previous email and this is just- so that we know it 's a good hotel in reasonable distance to the uh , to the- ( 1 ) yes still taking here who is coming that somebody from kate you will come , it 's better , not completely ( ? ? ) felix or somebody else . ( on ) yeah , okay , so then remember to- remember to tell uh , and uh , coordinate the hotel ( ? ? ) with her . so she- she can assist you with finding a good hotel , or or whatever , yeah . and then for the management questions . i would like to know what are the technical differences between the karlsruhe platform as jon saw it when he was in karlsruhe . uh , and the pervoice platform , which will be used for most of the events of of the elitr project . so i would like to thank pervoice for describing their , uh , their platform from the like api point of you . so we have access to the code . and the big question is now whether , this is the same api that we need to connect to , if we want to use the kit platform and them all for the march event . so i do n't know if it is karlsruhe ( 1 ) so , from kit it should be the same platform the only thing is we should do some testing if it 's really , but from the ( ? ? ) point of view . it should be exactly the same platform . we just since we have n't connected our kit workers to pervoice since the last project . we have to make sure that it is still running , but we assume that it is exactly the same . ( on ) so just to clarify . you may be answering the the converse question . so for the long term , we definitely want to use the pervoice platform and connect kit tools to that , and also our tools to that , and and all that , but for the very short term very near event in march . i think that it is easier to use the final presentation platform like the uh , the the the video mixer and all this from karlsruhe . and my question is then whether this platform that run demo that jon saw in karlsruhe was the the pervoice platform , or whether it is some different kit platform . so in other words . if we use the pervoice connectors and connect and wrap our machine translation with these connectors , will we be able to use them in march with the kit final presentation in the video mixer ? ( chi ) well , do you hear me ? ( on ) yes . ( chi ) yes , the epi are the same as the the one used in the bridge project . then in my opinion it would be the same . ( on ) okay , yes . i 'll try- ( 1 ) yes , that 's true . the only thing i say that we have to make one final test if it really works , but it should all be exactly the same . so that should n't . you should be able to connect the same way to kit , or to pervoice . ( on ) okay , yes . that 's very good . so , we will now review the uhm the details of this and will coach the connector , so that we can uh , use our machine translation with this sample connector , uh . and will also work on the asr and for the asr we have two options , uh it seems that uh , with our experience from colleagues , who have left the department , but not have prague . we could get kaldi models , running in and operational for march . uh , but for those we would also needs to ride the connector . if we are able to uh , to finish what jon has started in karlsruhe , and if we are able to train janus asr then obviously you have the connectors ready . would you have any comment on what would be the preferred thing for march ? so i do n't hear any any comment . so it probably depends simply on us . so we 'll , we 'll start with connecting the machine translation . uh , and if we like , if it 's it 's easy to use this connector . then we will also consider doing the kaldi asr , uh but i still for the march enterprise , i still hope more for the janus training for czech asr , okay , and now uh , the thing that i call it full replica , and janus has call it like a final final check or one last quick check . we would really like to uh , to have the system running way sooner than than march comes . uh , and that is so that we can test , how our mt like behaves , whether we need to finetune some times out or whatever , uh , so that it it behaves reasonably for that . and we also need to uh , use this set up to get , to to train the the assistant that we will have fo- will have for the fair , so if you remember the fair is organized by high school students for high school students . uh and one of the high school students , we we know his name , we have met him , will be there to to help us in in running all that , obviously not the technical things about the uh , the asrand its translation , but only like the set up the physical set up and also , uh we have the extra competition plant that every participant whose speech will be recorded , and and translated will also transcribed their own speech , and we will evaluate the clarity of their speech through standard asr measures . so we need to uh like fin- finalize the set up in which will be recording , what they are saying . showing the subtitles . and also , uh , uh , have access to the uh , to the recording , so that they can do the transcription . and and uh- as uhm as last reason we would like to have a backup system running in case of some network issues or or whatever . so my question is whether a whether we can uh- well . now , i see that the kit and pervoice platform are the same thing actually , uh , so uh- so the question is , can we get it running on our side ? and what what should we do for that ? and if you have any reasons why we should not be allowed to to run the platform on our side on our machines , then can you provide access for both users , and also modul providers now so that we can test it well had , and we have already some uh , information for from pervoice but i 'm still not able to interpret this because i have n't read the documentation of the of the connector . so back to the original question . uh , how difficult would it be uh , uh , to get the full system running on our machines ? so , chiara , i do n't hear you , if you are saying anything , i can not hear anything . ( chi ) yes , i 'm , i 'm just re-reading the four topics . ( on ) yeah . ( chi ) ehm- i think that we have to reason a little bit more about this topic . sorry . ( on ) yeah , okay . so so then i see two reasons why getting a full replica running in prague would be difficult . one is like the licensing things . so that you- you do n't want us to to have it . and the other would be technical things that it is a software , which is like a build in pieces and it 's not too easy to uh , to get it running , uh . so which which of these reasons are the the more important ones ? ( chi ) uh , probably the the second have everything working with the require a lot of work . but maybe it 's better to talk about these topic with dario which unfortunately is not here today , i know , but we- we will discuss about it later . ( on ) yeah , yeah , obviously . so so that is obviously not the point of of these like training session today , get the mediator running . that will be another session for this needed . and first you need to get the to discuss this with dario . okay . so i see . and they the fall back , then should however be possible . and maybe the fall back is something which is going to be resolved after they the training today , if we are not running the mediator the that the hard of that system ourselves . how do we get , uh- how do we connect to the hard running at at karlsruhe or or your servers , ( chi ) well , you can connects to the pervoice mediator , which is the one we provide you access . you have just to use the given url and the given ports for worker- ( on ) yeah , okay . so this is this is- ( chi ) - running and you can keep i think . ( on ) yeah , okay . and what what like tools what machine translation systems . and asr systems are already connected there . if any ? ( chi ) no at the moment it 's completely uhm empty . ( on ) empty . okay . yeah . so we w- for the uh- so this is good for testing whether our api works eh in principle . but it is still not sufficient for full test ehh for the march event . so what should we do as a full test for the march event ? and this is also question for for karlsruhe , whether uh like they have this mediator running elsewhere , uh , with the appropriate asr and and the the german asr , and english asr , and and their karslruhe english german translation system uh running or uh , if uh- so if if they will provide us with similar connection details for their mediator . uh , or if we should use this mediator , which is now running at at pervoice and karlsruhe should connect their components to this , and we should like set up everything around uh , this mediator . so what what would karlsruhe prefer ? ( 1 ) so i guess the first suppose that was we could english german , german english system . to the mediator ( ? ? ) pervoice and we make my connect our website of that we see that works . ( on ) okay . that would be excellent . there will be test as jan said that would- test whether the current version of the mediator is compatible with the connectors as as you have them and we will connect uh to that to , uh , when we have our translation system wrapped , and we 'll see how that cooperates , and and how it does n't recognize pieces and so on . uh , so i'll- i 'll wrote down here that kit will uh , connect their tools including the web presentation , uh , to this and let us , let cuni know so that we can test it out , right ? so this is this is very good . and i think that this , this particular pervoice mediator , which is already running will be the the the heart of the live system that will be used in march , right ? can can we rely on that ? is that like big enough ? ( chi ) yes , maybe url , url and the porter may change , but we will provide uh a platform , do n't worry . ( on ) yeah . and and that is it will be the very same version of of this . ( chi ) yeah . ( on ) and a technical thing , if we- so there is still many things to be- like discussed and prepare for the for the fair in march . uh , but one ofthem is that there will be probably more sites like more locations at the fair , which will need this , or which will benefit from this translation . there is the main stage , and like the secondary stage . and there is also a chance that we 'll have our booth , and that so for the booth , the idea is that we would have an offline system . if karlsruhe has has , uh , set up- physical set up one notebook that runs everything . uh , that people can see on the spot , that would be nice . uh , we know that the internet connection would be limited only to some places and the at the venue . so this . one the booth presentation should not to rely on any internet connection . and then the one or two places will obviously need internet connection . uh . so if we have two sides that are interpreting things . uh , will we need two such meditators , or is it the the that one such mediator can do choose independence streams of of translation ? ( 1 ) should be one mediator . we just need several workers then so several mt and asr workers . ( on ) okay . so within one mediator you can easily like set up that the subtitles coming- that the speech signal coming from one microphone or one source gets translated . and and uh , and produce to one particle output channel of this mediator , and the same mediator can handle another channel . of another uh , audio source to another uh , like final display , web display platform , right ? ( 1 ) yes , normally you have several sessions , so you would have then two sessions , they are all displayed like . there is like than one website which just play the whole sessions , and people can select which session they want to follow . ( on ) yeah , okay . yeah , that 's that 's good . so we should be with this particular mediator , or maybe a replacement one . if if uh the the different port and and different ip address . uh . we should be set up . uh . we just need to connect the various tools , and we can play around with that . and uh , one last thing is the recording capacity . uh , i assume that pervoice already has some- it 's not a worker . it 's actually like a sink . uh . so uh , some , uh , some connect- something some component that will connect to the same mediator , uh , and it will record the audio signal to a file on on a disk . is such tool , does such a tool exist ? ( chi ) well , actually , we have some ( ? ? ) , let 's say worker which performs audio recording , but we share the last time uh that , i i do n't remember , who has to develop more stable components to record the audio . ( on ) ehm . okay . so so this is something that we should include in our tests , but it 's existing in principle , and it should be easy to uh , to get running . ( chi ) okay . ( on ) yeah . okay ? so thank you very much . so this was everything from the like organization point of view from me and i would like now to hand out the uh , the presentation to chiara for all the details about the platform they they want to share with us . so i 'll stop sharing my screen . ( chi ) okay . and i 'll share my screen . let 's see . share documents . okay . just give me one second , please . okay , pretty good . okay , do you see the whole slide , or just the half ? ( on ) i see post of the slide . i see like the center . you can maybe , yeah , yeah , i was zoomed that out , and there is also one option to fit page . so this is the best you can get . we 'll always have a preview of the upcoming slide , unfortunately . ( chi ) well , i think that we are all technician , and we can aset also this this presentation- ( on ) if you want to underline something , you can even click the the the draw and then possibly you can uh- there is an option to to use the marker and draw on the slides . ( chi ) thank you . ( on ) maybe you saw that for for a second . ( chi ) are we ready ? ( on ) yes , please . ( chi ) everyone ? okay , uh , first of all , welcome to everybody , i 'm chiara canton , i 'm senior software developer in pervoice . actually , i 'm a java developer . so please be indulgent with my c programming skills . okay , today i will try to explain you the- okay . thank you , wau . assistance . i will try to explain you the pervoice service architecture idea . we will have a work view uh of the system and then we will go trough ex- let 's say flow chart explaining the the flow of the interactions , and as more example of code . okay . the the pervoice service architecture is implemented as a client service , client server architecture , clients connects to a mediator which distributes the request and the load amongs avalaible workers . ( ? ? ) scenario . clients are the ( ? ? ) that sends the data and the eh the workers represent different call components like asr , slt , mt and so on . and the- usually client in service architecture sends and repo- actually uhm usually ehm clients in pervoice service architecture both sends and receives data . in our scenario clients will just send data because processed data with the publish on other platforms . but uhm let 's keep it simply for the moment and assume that clients both sends and receives data . well , you you know , such kind of infrastructure isa distributed one , ehm it has really convenient api which hides protocol complexity , and it 's completely asynchronous and integration will be based on callbacks implementation . the clients start , oh well . the pdf export was unfair on this slide . i 'm sorry . but actually , the image was exactly the one in the previous slide . the clients start the service request by specifying the type and the language of the output stream . and by specifying the type and the language of the input stream . for example the caption use case the clients specifies english uk audio stream as output and english uk as-oh my gosh . ehm , where 's the example ? just a seconds , sorry . okay , i 'm back . sorry for moving the documents . pervoice service architecture client and worker interaction , connection is based on message exchange , clients connect to the service architecture . they will send media streams like text , audio , image and so on . the subscribe to a service specifying their output type , output fingerprint . and requires a service specifying their input type and input fingerprint . for example ( ? ? ) use case the clients specify uh english uk audio as output stream and english uk captions , let 's say , as input stream . workers instead register to this service architecture with one or multiple services that i , they are able to handle . for example i 'm able to perform asr uhm from for the english , european english language . uhm . each worker accept just one incoming service request per connection . and in order to make to be sure to uhm process all the incoming request , there exists some queue for processing all the incoming requests . okay . when we talk about language actually we talk about fingerprints . fingerprints are used to specifythe exact language and the general media . they are pretty pretty simple , they need 2 letters for language code optional 2 letters for country code and again optional additional strings specifying the uhm the domain of uhm of the stream . uhm , the domain it's- it 's important for example for asr workers in order to uhm describe , for example , the domain of the language model used in the asr process . usually the language part might be sufficient . but just to know that there the exist this possibility . okay and we talk about input and output types . those are the stream types , which i use to specify the type of the media , for a fully specified input or output media stream both fingerprint , and type must be specified . and well , supported type streams are audio , image , text and unseg-text , which is the one used by asr hypotheses . well and this is the uhm decor of the the problem of managing client requests and worker services . the mediation problem . ifa client declares for example , it wants to output english audio , and english audio , let say . english is aaa european english is the output fingerprint . audio is the output type . and it request english unsegment text as input fingerprint and input type , the mediator must find one or ( ? ? ) of multiple workers that are able to converts audio containing european english speech , into english unsegmented text . for example the english asr worker is able to accomplish this kind of request . but this is the case that just requires one worker , the mediator , which is the core of the pervoice service architecture is able also to um accomplish more complex requests concatenating different workers . well , messages between the mediator and the client and workers are transport the xml packets . we have a specific type , you will find the types described in the m cloud xs the file which is in the uhm pv platform sample coder ( ? ? ) on github . ( on ) may i have a question about the packating . so , so far you have talked about the stream . and now you talk about packets , packets . so uh , what is the granularity in or is it up to the the user ? uh , if you have the input audio stream who does the segmentation ? i think there 's a a a quite a bit of logic that can affect these decisions . uh . so uh , we need to be sure that this is done reasonably . and there will be lot of like options , to to experiment with , so that the experience is the best for the user . can you tell us more about this ? ( chi ) yeah , the real time use case is a little bit complex , but in the batch audio file processing for example uhm- you , the client is in charge of splitting audio files into bytes and send them using for example , the data packets . and when it test finished sending all the data it will send the the done message , we will see in in a minutes . to declared that he has finished sending all the all data . is it clear ? ( on ) so i understand that the 2 modes of operation . one is for the batch processing , and one is for the online processing . and in general , most of your presentation will be for the badge start processing , uh , because- but but hopefully we 'll later also get to the details of the of the online style of processing . ( chi ) today we will keep things a little bit simple but in the pv platform report you should find example also to- ehm , let it works like a real times stream . you will find the sample coderin the in the report . ( on ) yeah . okay . so this is something that uh , like someone knowledgeable should should double check for us . when we are implementing the connector so that we use the the correct demo for the online processing and not for the batch processing , and and and so on . so this is important that- ( chi ) oh , do n't worry . in the in the code you will find a lot of comments , detailed explaining you exactly ehm , eh all the possible options , do n't worry . but in any case we can provide you some some support , of course . ( on ) yeah . thank you . yeah , so for we as charles university will need both set ups , will be doing both the online things for the sao events , and also the document level like document processing . and this is something that we still need to decide whether we will make use of the platform or not . this is uhh unclear uh . but if we do use the , do use the platform then uh , then it will be a batch processing . so we 'll need both eventuallyposs- , or possibly , uh . and i was also curious about the uh , the practical limits . when you talk about the batc- batch processing , uh . so is it okay , to feed in four hours or eight hours of of recording through this , or will- so it it could lead to files , larger than 4 gigabytes on the platform , machine , and so on . so what are the practical limits of this . ( chi ) well actually , practical limits are uhm space left on device . you know , yet , maybe to uhm to reason about uh . ( on ) yeah , so before we do this . we should definitely talk to you . but in principle , there is no uh like arbitrary limit such as the , there used to be some fall systems that could n't handle files larger than four gigabytes , and and so on . so you are no longer affected by this . ( chi ) oh , well , my opinion it 's strictly related to asr , for example , worker . and i think that there is no limits , just memoryand space on disk . ( on ) yeah . okay . thank you . ( chi ) yeah , you are welcome . okay . we were talking about packet types uhm . okay . here we can see the packet type . we have data packet which contain exchanged data . and data may be audio , text or image . and then we have a couple of statuspacket types , which are done sent by the client to when all the data has been sent . error when sent when occurs an error of course . reset , sent whenever the client , or the worker should reset if- initial state , usually it depends on at the end of uh conversation . and flush , which is sent whenever the client , or the worker should finalize the processing which is the common flush eh method . okay . and now we talk about how the initial handshake for client and the i think for worker immediately after the spot . yes . okay . this is our the client present itself to themediator , it test to declare it 's output stream first of all . okay . actually m cloud at the flow description . i have to say it 's ( ? ? ) you will going to use m cloud out the flow description to method , but basically it is used to uhm sent a some human readible description of the of the process isgoing to start . for example , weather forecast of 27th june 2012 , for example . after the flow description is specified , the client has to connect to the mediator and then it 's specify its output stream description , using this m cloud announce output stream . and it 's specify is output type and output fingerprints . and also us ( ? ? ) which can be the some stream , some unique id which is used to uniqely identify the stream . actually a client may specify more than one output stream , but it will not be our case . okay , and- and if the client as also to require some input which is not always the case i have to say , ( ? ? ) test to specify the input type and the input fingerprint of the input stream . so using the m cloud announce outputstream it declares the output stream credential . let 's say , then uh the output type and the output fingerprint using m cloud announce using m cloud request input stream it instead the declares the desired input type and input fingerprint . ookay . well , uh curiosity let 's say , client is allowed to request multiple different input stream for one stream . maybe , for example , he wants to send uhm in european english audio , and wants to receive the spanish text translation . but also the european english caption fo example . on the other end a worker is require to register to the mediator providing the information about the server uhm providing . the information the service can provide , okay . okay , . i repeat . the worker register to the mediator , providing the information about the services . he can provide , slightly better . okay . a worker may be able to offer multiple services but only one service can be active at the same time per connection . okay . this is an example of the client application . uh , i do n't know if you are able to read it well , but actually is the- okay , thank you . is the ehm the program flow in the documentation . okay , this is the typical client implementation . uh , for example in the pvs , in the gitlab report , we share there a file which is the client ( ? ? ) example , which is probably the uhm most complete . okay , the client first creates the m cloud a structure after starts . and the structure is used to keep all the necessary information for the data exchanges between the client and the mediator . okay , see- oh well , m cloud create is the ( ? ? ) as function you will usem cloud create too . and there exist also the possibility to establish an ssl connection with m cloud create ssl too . uh , i 'm sorry the slides are not the updated . but fortunately , the api documentation is pretty complete . okay , after m cloud create , it adds flow description , specifyingthe name and the description of the flow that is handled by the client . it connects to the mediator that is running on a specific host and port in our example mediator dot pervoice dot it . and i do n't remember by heart to the port but it 's written , do n't worry . hm , okay . when the connection is established the client can announce the output stream . uhm . and then if an inputs stream isrequired which as i already told you , it might not be the case . uhm sometimes clients just want to upload things , and they does n't care about results , but if that cas- , in this case uhm , when uhm it cares about results . it test to specify input type and input fingerprint calling m cloud request input stream . okay . then i do n't like that graph that much . i have to say , in order to be able to receive and process packets . while sending packets . the the process is a little bit complex i have to say but it 's really well described in the sample code then do n't worry . ehm , of course , if you want to both sent and receive you have to do everything asynchronously . so for this reason uhm data are put in queue , the uhm the data that ha- that has to be send are put in the sending queue . and the data that arrives are put in the processing queue . when he test finished sending all the data , you have to call the m cloud to with finish , which actually sees everything is manage asynchronously . the main thread populate process uhmthe sending queue . and you actually do n't know when it has finish to sen- to send all the data , then you use these method m cloud with finish to wait until all the data has been sent . if something was wrong , you can use another method which is not written here but hopefully is writing next slide which is m cloud brak . which is called by the error call back . and this use to stop sending with the remaining data . as i told you also the packet ehm thereceived packet uhm are received asynchronously . and the data are ( ? ? ) in the processing queue . uhm . if ehm okay . we are here . and the ehm keep waiting for data and heel and done message arrives from the mediator . then the clients can disconnected from the mediator . and that 's it . please note that in order to process a new media stream and service request , and your connect needs to be established , and this is the client flow . let 's have a look little bit to the ehm callbacks and queues involved , okay . okay . okay , we have two main queues processing queue and sending queue . mm , sending queue is used for sending messages . okay . easy . and packets are appended to this queue for sending . in case of any error the callback function ehm set by- you see , it 's a little bit small but under each queue you have the ehm callbacks that can be set for this queue . and under the ehm , okay it 's really small , i 'm sorry . ehm , okay sending queue you can set m cloud , this are the method names , you can set the error callback and the break callback . in case of error ehm the ehm error callback is used , and ehm when there some- something to be handle the ehm ( ? ? ) , mainthread , and you haveto ehm stop sending ehm data the brek call back is used . if the clientes request the an input stream , ehm the resection of packet should also be done in a seperated trade . in this case by calling ehm req message asink , you see it on the top of the slide . ehm this thread simply wait for incoming packet and eeh take specific actions eh depending on the packet type . this , this will be aconstance eh switch among packet types . in case of data messages the packet is appended to the processing queue , in case of done message ehm m cloud wait finish is called . in case of error or reset message ehm it stop the processing using m cloud the break . for the processing queue- here . ehm we have different- for different ehm callbacks which can be used . which are data callback called the for each packet in the queue sequentially . here you put ehm your handling of the input stream . finalize callback which is called the mediator signals that all the worker involving service request ehm have finish processing the data . this means that the clients safely , can safely disconnect ehm from the mediator . and of course you know , error call- callback for errors , and break callback when mcloud break has being called . really simple . okay . worker example program flow , which is i think a little bit simpler . ehm , in the ( ? ? ) github report refer to the backend asr to example which is probably one of the most compleats . as the client to the first thing that the the worker do is to prepare the mcloud the structure . which keep the necessary information about ehm for the data exchange between worker and mediator . then it adds service description that are offered by the worker by specifying the attention . worker specifies input type , input fingerprint , but also output type and output fingerprint . they need connects to the mediator , that is running on a specific host and the ports . and the it waits for ehm client requests , and teh when a requests arrives it waits for the next packets , which of course the first time it waits for the first packet . ehm which arrives from the client stream , ehm and this time too it performs the friend actions depending on the message type . and here we have the split let 's say based on the message type . if an error occur or arrives are reset message , the processing is stopped . it calls the mcloud ehm break , the connection ehm is terminated and the worker waits again ehm for a new client connection . in case of done message it ehm the mcloud wait finish is called , in order to let worker wait until all pending ehm packets in the processing queue have been processed . and then again , the connection with client is terminated , and the worker waits for new client connection . in case of data message the packets are simply appended to the processing queue , and the worker waits for the next packets arrive . ehm , in case of flush message . ehm , the worker waits until all appending packets had been processed by calling the mcloud wait finish . and then it sends a flush message informing the next worker to flush it 's queus as well . and then again it turns to wait for new ehm new client connection . ehm , and that 's all i think . please note that ( ? ? ) to the client the worker always keep the connection with mediator . ok . and here we have again ehm worker queues and callback overview . ehm available callbacks for the processing queue . our data callback which is the function call the for each packet in the queuesequentially . you put here the data processing limitation , after processing you have to send immediately processing data in order to keep the latency lot . and the data are send by appending them to the sending queue . then we have finalize callback , which is called as soon as the mediator ( ? ? ) that uhm the client as finish sending the data , again error and the break . and that 's it . i think . yep . ehm , just a note about break callback . ehm , remember to reset all the queue since the connection is finished and then you have to free your your data structure . okay . the api also provides ehm here say convenience function . ehm , in in particular interesting are the ones uhm used for prepare packets for sending ehm which prepare uhm the packet to be send based on your data type really useful . just a couple of things regarding uhm uhm more technical details . uh . okay , here you have getattr and setattr of specific feature . okay . getattr and setattr . okay this one is much more interesting , which is word token . uhm in order to be able to pass additional information , which usually are are required by asr or machine translation use case . you can prepare packets containing array of word . and these allows you this is a word token the data structure . you can see it allows you to specify both start and stop time for example , as well as confidence , and you can use uhm- you can prepare your data structure , uh , using word token , or what token array if a more words of course , and then you can prepare uhm your packets to be sent using mcloud ( ? ? ) from word token . and a means array , you can use just also for well known for word token . uh , okay . packets also contains time stamp which are used , so let you be able to align the media stream produced by the workers , with the media stream provided by the clients . this is used for , for example , to sign subtitle to original audio . time stamps are in the leaders of each packet , uhm and can be used uhm - they have different meaning based on the packet type , when you send uhm . okay . time stamps are both in the packet header and in the word token array . uhm time stamp in the packet header are absolut time stamps within the media stream . and instead word token array time stamps are relatives time stamps , based the on the starting position of the media stream , of course you have to sign with a media stream uhm sending word token array , the time stamp use in this situation ehm , will be relative to the beginning media stream . okay , we provided you all the simple code ehm there are a lot of example ehm in particular i like the ( ? ? ) client example and the ehm backend uh asr too which are two example of client and worker . the git repo contains the uhm the binary form of the c-library , header files , documentation and lot of examples . here you have the connection data to connect to the pervoice mediator . you can choose to establish ssl or not connection is the same , let 's say . let me- not of course the same but ehm both are working . now , maybe it is better to go through uhm an example of code . actually i see reported the documentation examples but i do n't like them that much . and maybe i can try to share with you my uhm my desktop and see the working examples . just give me one second . ok . now , you should see my- unfortunately i 'm not on my pc but you should see my notepad plus plus editor . here , we have- okay , thank you . here we have ehm the backend asr to example which is the one provided in the github repo . you can see there are lot of comments uhm then it should be pretty easy to go through the implementation . okay , let 's start . okay , some utility . okay . here we have the- are okay . this worker performs a kind of asr processing actually it performs nothing . it just simulates the asr handling of data . you will see it just sends back silly text for receiving audio data . here we have all the callbacks implementation . in it callback , data callback which is the one used to ( ? ? ) the asr processing , ( ? ? ) the callback ( ? ? ) sample ehm in initialize your service . data callback you put here your processing of incoming data . here perform some reason about ehm time and so on . hm , hm , hm . ( on ) and the machine translation worker will be essentially the same thing , except that if it the messages will be of different type , and the byte that you receive will be interpreted differently . ( chi ) no . well . the power of this solution is that , ehm it will be exactly let 's say you have just to put ehm your implement- service implementation in to the right callback , and manage the the uhm the service ( ? ? ) , for example what to do when error occurs or when all the data has been send , maybe you want to let 's say update the data base . i do n't know . and everything is always the same . here we have silly asr process . but the idea is that you will put the machine translation service implementation in to the data callback for example . okay . here you can see that after the uh silly processing it prepares the data to be sent using ( ? ? ) function . we see in this slide . then use the mcloud send packet ( ? ? ) in order to feed that the queue . and this was the data callback finalize callback it 's pretty empty . break callback in this example ehm we- the nothing . i also in the error callback ehm we perform nothing but for example you want to uhm print a log or perform some kind of action to manage the error . or to report the error and so on . and here we have the main function . okay . and these here we have the important part . here the mcloud object is created . it prepares uhm data structure . adds , the service than and shake with the mediator . ( ? ? ) telling that he he is able to provide a specific service . populates the callback passing ehm specific function and in some case also specifying the processing queue . the the queue related . then it connects , to the mediator . and here actually it starts the processing if we have- here we have uh , ( ? ? ) cycle . it waits for a client , waits for next packet . and when packet arrives , it switch between packet types . then mcloud data arrives and it adds to the processing queue . ehm , arrives mcloud flush . and then it waits for uhm processing queue and then sends flush to the other uhm to the other workers . done and so on . and here , this is logic i strongly suggest it because it works really good . wait for packet switch among data types and implement your logic . okay . okay . that 's it . and this is everything you need uhm in your worker . uhm now we see the uhm client by directional example , which is also in the uhm in the github repo . okay . we have seen the worker . now we see the clients parts . the ( ? ? ) example is a little bit complex speech- because is is really flexible . it will allow you to try to send really a lot of uhm it will allow you to uhm perform a lot of different use keys uhm test . then the call is a little bit more complex . but we will try to go through . through it . again you have callback function , which is are not those one . but are- okay , this are just utility function writes at the end . okay . and you we have a data callbacks , yes the callback implementation . here you put uhm uhm what to do when uhm packet arrives , in this example you for example can write a ctm or write a plain text , or a lot of other things . for example . okay . uhm each function is implemented in a different callback and based on uhm user common line option , uhm the right callback is import . again , finalize callback , break callback , error callback are pretty empy- empty because if just an example but in real production example of course you have to end all these kind of situation . here we have ( ? ? ) message asign . which is the function i told you in the client program flow which is not uhm a library method but is an approach you will see in our examples . and basically uhm again it waits for uhm next packet switch among data types , packet types . that 's it . here we have the main . but important is the ( ? ? ) orchestration which is really simple even if it 's put among all these line of codes . here we have- . common line options . okay , ok , here you can see it will try to uhm simulate real type mode . for example . okay . but here is the the beginning of the handshake . creates < mcloud object . uhm add flow description . then it connects to the mediator , announce its output stream , this is used to display on add displey service which is not up and running at the moment , but it 's the same . callbacks are set here . those are set for the sending queue , and based on the specified parenitars also the callbacks for the processing queue are set . it in its the packet type based on the use keys chosen . after the emit there 's always the send of the packet . and when all the data are sent uhm wait finish is used to wait that uhm . well , when all the data are queued on the sending queue wait finish is used to wait until all the data are send . when all the data are send , this connects . and i think that this is everything . okay . and that 's all . we are going to prepare also some kind of support uhm side . for example on our support system . at the moment i 'm not aware about the um , the um specific e-mail to write but will provide you as soon as possible these information . uhm i have finished . ( on ) okay . thank you . so i 'll now present my screen . and just you show ( chi ) i 'm sorry , i know that they are a lot of technical information , but please do n't be scare . the documentation is really complete and there are lot of uhm commented example in the repo . ( on ) yeah , thank you . uh . so i would just like to scroll the the google document that everybody has shared . one important thing that i have found is that we have a list of deadlines for- that 's not really for the fair for the student fair . it 's more for the sao events that we are going to to run later on . and this document also mentions that the description of the cables and so on is something which will need earlier than in uh , by the end of the week . the deadlines say that we would like to have this uh , by february , the fifteens . so in three days from now . so i have just assigned this to jan ( ? ? ) , if jan could to this quicker . uh . that will be great . uh , and then , um , i have tried to capture all the details . so in the meantime . so we already have the meditator running uh , and ehm then , uh , we 've agreed that karlsruhe will connect their tolls to this meditators for . and for the fair i have summarized what we will need one or two sessions , um and uhm english uhm czech and possibly german asr , so the czech is uh , to be , provided by cuni if we actually manage manage that . uhm . so from karlsruhe i would like to have the english asr and english german mt , and the web presentation form in this in this mediator as soon as possible like at your earliest convenience . and again i 've assigned this to jan , but feel free to re-asign , i do n't know who who is the one at karslruhe who can who can add uhm workers to uh , to the system . and uh , i 've also mentioned that we 'll need the recording client . so chiara please uhm provide us with the recording clients so that we can also connected to this mediator , ( chi ) the recording worker example , is a ready in the uhm pervoice uhm sample code . but i strongly suggest use it just an example . and to prepare something much stable . ( on ) yeah . so and you mentioned that you have some stable version somewhere or not ? ( chi ) not , we agreed that someone we agreed the last time that someone else will prepare the stable version , unfortunately , dario is not here , and i do n't remember the right information . ( on ) okay . yeah . so uh , um-hum . but this is not stable yet so- yeah , i 'm not sure whether we will have the capacity to to do this properly . so is there any chance when you talk to dario that pervoice will have the capacity to to prepare the recording client to test it properly ? ( chi ) oh , i think that it 's not on on the schedule , sorry . maybe you have to ask it directly to dario . ( on ) hm , okay . so we 'll see because this is this is important , we needed for for the fair . ( chi ) thank you . ( on ) and we also need it in the longer term for uh , the recording from the alfaview platform . so i hope the alfaview team is still listening to this . because this is the way that we 'll be doing the recording from the uh , alfaviews uhm meetings , and we for the project- according to the project time line , i think we need to start recording by the end of march or something like that . so that actually ( ? ? ) with uh , with the fair uhm quite well , but we need to have it done . yeah , so this- so . this is something bending um ( 2 ) franz from alfaview i have it right now . um , did you just say that the audio recording is required for the for the fair ? ( on ) sorry , i could n't hear you , your voice was too quiet . quality was good but it was too quiet . ( 2 ) okay . is it better like that ? ( on ) yeah , thank you . so what was your question ? ( 2 ) um . did you just say that the audio recording is required for the fair ? ( on ) not for the fair . well . yes , for the fair , but not for a well , it 's difficult . so there is several use cases . and one of the use cases is that at the fair we will have- but alfaview is not that much involved in the fair . so that 's why you you do n't need to worry . but at the fair we will have people presenting their countries or whatever . in ninety seconds like little pitches . and each of these pitches will be held in english by non-native speaker . so we made it more interesting for the student participant by saying that it will be competition for them in terms of uh , pronunciation quality . and we will record their speeches . they it would be subtitles on the flies , so that others can can have the support from from that subtitling . but after the student finishes their 90 seconds , they will go to the backstage and they will hear they own voice . and they will manually write down the transcript , and we will then use standard asr measures to measure the quality how much they , how much the asr departed from their own transcript . and it is fair competition , because it is fixed length of of speech , uh , and it 's themselves transcribing their own voice and they do n't know what the asr has made with that . so uh , they can not cheat and and like artificially introduce errors that the asr introduced . so for this reason we need to record what they are saying , and the recording can obviously be done like independently of that platform as the fallback solution . but i think it would be better and easier to do it directly on the platform to have one of this recording worker connected to that . so that 's why we need the recording for for for the fair . and the other use case is that we , for the minuting approach uhm for the remote meetings . um . we need to record data and uhm the call such as this one that we have the internal elitr calls uhm are also a nice source . and also we have some other possible groups of people remotely communicating and for this we need some platform for like remote calls , that has the recording capacity . and since the i alfaview platform is the one that we 've agreed to use for for the project . the sooner we have the recording in thealfaviewset up in some way uh , the sooner we can start usingalfaviewinstead of this adobe connect thing , for example . so that's- and we have a a milestone for this , in the in the proposal . so that 's why i would like you to to have the recording there . and if i 'm not mistaken the , the recording capacity of thealfaview is scheduled for march , which coin- which almost coincide with the fair uhm recording capacity , and recording in um inalfaviewcan be done in various ways . and one of the possible ways is that you will connect to the pervoice platform , which you will have to do anyway , and then the recording will be done by the pervoice recording worker . so this is what we 've discussed early when we were like planning how to do the recording the exist way for you . so this is what we thought was the existed . i do n't know whether it is still the easiest option now or if there are any easier options . ( 2 ) so as to my knowledge , we agreed that we would do the recording independently for now . ( on ) okay . ( 2 ) this is what we are currently working on . ( on ) okay , yeah . so this , maybe maybe this some negotiation that you had also directly with pervoice and i was not involve in that . ( chi ) in the- sorry . in the shared uhm ehm examples , there is the audio recorder worker example , which could be eventually , a good starting points , ( on ) ehm . ( 2 ) so you must know , we have our own audio set up an audio service- ( chi ) okay . ( 2 ) which which just output the the audio that 's being , you know , spread across all members or all participants , dump the audio out put into a file . ( on ) mm-hmm . yeah . okay . ( 2 ) and these files would end up on aws as three . ( on ) ehm . ( 2 ) and we will- we would make it available for . ( chi ) okay . cool . ( on ) okay , yeah . so this is an independent . ( 2 ) ( ? ? ) the connection to the um mediator and this would be more complex for us . so as a first step we thought , just dumping audio into a file would be easier to get um , audio recording up and running . ( on ) yes , this is this is very good for the project purposes for the recording of the meetings . so this means that you will be . it will be easy for you to make the the march milestone , and we could start having our calls within thealfaviewplatform that 's excellent . uh , i have just one technical question about this . you mention that you will be dumping to one file uh . ( 2 ) no , not exactly it would every participant would have its own . ( on ) excellent . so we do n't have to do speaker ( ? ? ) . ( 2 ) yeah , so we have a different streams for each participant . ( on ) that 's that 's very good , and and they are synchronized . so , you know , which- like they all start at the same point , the time stamps are are global time stamps . ( 2 ) that i actually do n't know . ( 3 ) anyone hear me ? does this work ? ( 2 ) yes , we hear you . ( 3 ) yeah , we have time stamps but do n't know if they um it , but it a real time stream . so if there is no data . no , if there is no nobody speaking at a moment i do n't know be data so there is no time stamp for this . timeframe . ( on ) yeah , so what what do you need to have for the minuting processing later on is like these sequence , or overlabs in which the the people were talking obviously . so it 's great that you have separate streams that that frees us from doing ( ? ? ) , speaker ( ? ? ) . uh , but we also need to know the sequence as it was ( ? ? ) by the participants . and for this . we need the global time stamps . ( 3 ) and um , as we are ( ? ? ) for the real- for the later when we send it up at pervoice , it will be realtime stream . ( on ) yes . ( 3 ) so , it could contain time stamps yeah . but the recording redo is ehm like it not content time stamps . ( on ) yeah . so this is this is something that that should be probably added . because otherwise , i do n't know how it would like extract the original overall . ( 2 ) could , could we do a continuous by the recording ? like over the whole meeting ? ( 3 ) the the problem is , we are not ( ? ? ) at that point . and if someone is not speaking , we have no data to write down in the file . ( 2 ) so we would need an ( ? ? ) script of file . which carries time stamps . ( on ) yes , that would also do the work . like if you had if you had some mapping between the global time , and the whatever positions in in the various channels . ( 2 ) but we would end up with on a on lot of audio filed andreas . ( 3 ) yeah . ( 2 ) so right now , i 'm thinking , whether it would be better to to go the direct way and have look at the mediator recording . but we can talk about this . ( on ) yeah , yeah . so this this fill free to discuss directly with pervoice and decide whatever is easier and more appropriate for you . uh , and i 'll have someone look at at the recording worker example , and i 'll also try to talk to dario , because i i think that it would be the easiest . if if pervoice had the capacity to ( ? ? ) the recording worker , but it will still be quite simple recording . so um , one drawback of going through the platform . if i understand correctly is that it will already do the uhm the the mixing of the channels . and if we save the separate channels . uh . we will have a the the great benefit of of avoiding speaker diarization . so i think for the processing from the processing point of view , it 's it 's better to have separate channels . and somehow like work around with a time stamps than to have perfect mixed channel . uh , that ( ? ? ) great time stamps but is mixed and and you can not separated the speakers and it anymore in it . in an easy way . ( 3 ) i assumed third resend still send each speaker separately to the pervoice platform . ( on ) yeah , so this is something that 's uhm maybe chiara can uhm can answer . i do n't know how uhm how the platform handles separate channels because so far with briefly touched upon the the concept of sessions . uh , but we have n't touched upon the concept of channels . ( chi ) well , actually , the platform does n't manage . if you are talking about the the service architecture platform , does n't manage channels . it just manage audio streams . it 's in charged to the worker and the client to manage uhm eventually , uhm audio channels . ( on ) so to handle channels . you would use your descriptors . you would somehow like label the different channels with the speaker id or whatever . and , you would have to have as many recording uhm workers as there are speakers , right ? ( chi ) well . i 'm not so aware of the diarization use case , but for in case of automatic speech recognition , ehm you prepare uhm worker who interacts with the automatic speech recognition engine , which requires streams . and if different uhm cl-channel management is required then is in charge to the automaticspeech recognition system to managed it . uhm the service architecture just manage uhm streams and it 's not a whereabouts uhm uhm audio channels , let 's say . ( on ) hm , so what ( ? ? ) set up ? ( 3 ) ( chi ) sorry ? ( 3 ) so we would create a stream per user ? ( chi ) for example . ( on ) and technically you will have then one mediator , and you would have uhm asr system uhm well- ( chi ) yeah . uhm . the mediator is only- the mediator is always just once uhm and then in charge to uhm manage the interaction between client and workers . uhm , we have n't go through the mediator uhm topic today , because i i was thinking that it was not uhm on the the elitr project interest . but uhm actually it just prepares worker uhm it search for workers path , in order to accomplish client request , uhm and the mediator is just one , uhm many workers can connects to the mediator . a worker can pro- can manage uhm just one connection per time , then if you have to manage two streams for example in the , at the same time , you have to be able to run two workers . ( on ) yeah . ( chi ) and of course , they might be just different instances of the same thing . ( on ) yes . ( chi ) and maybe interact with the same automatic speech recognition system . uh but from the architecture a point of view it have to be different . and and that 's it . ( on ) yeah , that that make sense so- ( chi ) okay . ( on ) so the alph- so the the set up if we have now we are more discussing like the uh , translated or interpreted remote conference . so imagine that we have ten people participating in the same online remote conference in thealfaviewplatform . each of the person speaks different language . and ideally , we would like to see uh , we would like to hear the the mix of languages . and see subtitles in one selected language . uh , at each of the end points . so each of the endpoints , the end users will have , this will be a separate channel in thealfaview platform . this separate general will be connected through its own separate client to the uh pervoice mediator . uh , and then , uh , there will be a number of asr workers . uh , each labeled with the language it can recognize we will know which of the speakers speaks which language there could be five speakers of english , uh , and- so there will be five clients that produce that like populated , of- produce english sound uh packets to , the uh , to the , mediator . the mediator would have many english asr workers . there could be more then the speakers are which cases like over capacity . uh , there could be fewer workers , then how many there are speakers of english , in which case , uh , some of the uh , request will be delayed uhm . but in principle , it would like processes them after that as well . and if uhm not all the speakers of english will be speaking at the same time . then the fewer workers will be stay- still able to handle that concurrently uh . and each of these asr workers would do the transcription into into english subtitles and then there would be one client again per uhm per the endpoint that would would grab the subtitles and and display them , uh , on the on the side of of the end user . so this is for the live set up . ( 3 ) ondrej , i think it was a less worker it wo n't work . because if we you less workers , the streams will just not be stabile , because it would says there is no worker available . and i guess switching like sharing workers between sessions is not possible . so you need as many workers as you have at least as many workers as as you have speakers . ( on ) yeah , okay . thank you . but you mentioned again sessions . so how our sessions related to the channels ? ( 3 ) in that 's up to the design of the- how you want to design it . i mean the easiest thing which is of course will not be the best for resources . but the easiest thing would be one session per channel . and then you have an independent system for each . the problem then you have that 's why you need time stamp that in the end you need to synchronize all the different sessions as , so that the the output the translation can be displayed nicely . because now at the moment , it only supports like one channel one session . so the easiest thing to extend it would be to have one session per channel . and then at the end march again , the outputs . ( on ) mm-hmm , yeah . and the recording is also complicating complicating things , because then you would meet to have one saver so the say per session and without time stamps you would not know how this relates how to reconstruct the the whole stream . the mix stream , right ? . ( 3 ) ( ? ? ) time stamps anyway , if you send anything to the mediator you have to put in time stamps . because each measu- message has a times stamps , so uhm we will have the time stamps in the mediator , because you can not send anything without time stamps . ( on ) yeah . so now it is for alfaview to decide whether they uhm what is the easiest for them , whether to include timestamps somehow to their , like separate channels for the recording purposes , or whether it is easier already to implement the client . uh . so that eachalfaviewclient behaves as a client for the pervoice mediator , and then , and then uh , the- and how to s- do the set up within the platform . ( 2 ) yeah , so we will discuss internally , and we will discuss internally but maybe contact you , chiara . ( chi ) maybe it 's better to contact dario . thank you . ( 2 ) ok . ( on ) okay . so for , so for the fair we know that there is the simple recording client . and we need you to polish it . and for the uh , for the recording of our meetings within alfaviewwe will know later , when when alfaviewtalks to uhm to dario . and and when when the decision is met . thank you . so i try to record this later in the in the notes , uh , and there , for for this session , that chiara presented . i would just like to ask chiara or martin more to provide the details . so we uh , uh , everybody knows where the code is uh , the slides , if you could upload them somewhere . ( chi ) yes , of course . i will uploaded the slides in the pv platform sample co- sample connector repo . ( on ) yes , yes . and then just add a link here or something like or let me know . ( chi ) ( ? ? ) talk directory . ( on ) yeah , okay thank you . and yes , when i was listening to that presentation . uh , i had this question , whether the platform will seamlessly scale up to the eurosai use case where we expect about six input channels for six different languages and up to 43 target language subtitles . so uh , i 've kind of worried that if we have so many independent machine translation systems connected to uhm to this , the platform may also have some a nontrivial overhead . and this is , this is like this is something that we do not have to resolve fully uh , in the next few months . but within the year , we have to have this resolve properly . uh , and and- ( chi ) actually the uhm the system is meant to be able to scale up to to this kind of sizes . i do n't know exactly how many worker and interaction we manage during the ( ? ? ) project , but okay . it should work . ( on ) yeah , it should work . okay , that 's that 's good . uh . so uh , related question is , if we develop machine translation systems that produce more outputs , like more target languages at the same time , because there are like benefits at least the saving gpu memory or something like that . so so that you have a uh , we do n't have the systems yet . but this is what we are experimenting with in within year one . we would like to have one machine translations systems that can translate from one language into six languages at the same time , uhm and when i say at the same time . uh , i mean , uh , that , uh . it is two , two things either it can be like producing one output language at a time . so you ask it six times and it will give you six different target languages for the same input string , or you can run these even in in a in a badge on the gpu ( ? ? ) . so you will have the same . uh , input uhm sentence translated into six languages at the uh , like at once , uhm thanks to the ( ? ? ) if in the gpu ( ? ? ) . and now we have this system . and what would be the best set up to connect this system to the to the platform , because it would- the same application , the same code should actually behave as a six workers ? ( chi ) yeah , it 's a good question . at the moment , it does n't match the uhm the fingerprint uhm design yes for example . if everything has to be sent to the same client , maybe we can think about some work around but i think that in uhm in in your example you want to send different language streams to different uhm client . hmm , at the moment , it 's not supported in this kind of design . i 'm sorry . ( on ) yeah . okay . that 's alright . so with this is something that we should keep in mind , uhm and discuss how to what what is the best solution . and primary we need to have these multi target systems . yeah , okay . so . that was my question . and another question was that what there are some useful tools within your platform or whatever for for long run testing . so if we have some . uh , some worker , like our machine translation worker , or our asr worker . uh . how do we tested so that it does n't have any memory leaks and and things like that , whether you have some some like small scripts that do the testing . this this could be useful as well . ( chi ) i have to ask . but i think that we have n't tools like this one . ( on ) yeah . ( chi ) i can check it . ( on ) yeah . it could be some very simple things like feeding ( ? ? ) that feed something there , but yeah . ( chi ) usually we prepare our ehm client , let 's say in order to perform such kind of test . but uhm is something uhm we use just once and we drop it ehm ( on ) yeah . ( chi ) sorry . ( on ) okay , yeah , yeah . so . if if there is anything , just , please added to this document . yeah . then i 've recorded here in the notes that the platform distinguishes the batch and online processing mode . we 'll definitely use the online mode , and possibly also the batch mode , andalfaviewwill probably use only the online mode . and i also like uh , in in bold words i said there should be no practical limits in the batch mode . ehm . yeah . but this . but this was not really tested . right ? ( chi ) right . actually we have worker to work in real time . but i do n't know if in the uhm provide example there something ehm ehm serious about these kind of usage . ( on ) long term . ( chi ) the client ( ? ? ) example . ( on ) ehm . ( chi ) also has switch we can help you to emulate real time streaming starting from an audio file . and this should work but i have n't tested in the last week , sorry . ( on ) yeah , okay . so this is very good to know . so so the default mode for the client fo- so this is now it 's hopefully shared you all hopefully start looking at the google document where i 'm at , uh . i 've put here the two uhm specific pieces of code that you mentioned for the clients . the best example is the client ( ? ? ) , right ? is it the right one ? ( chi ) in my opinion it 's the uhm more complex , but the more complete example client ( ? ? ) . ( on ) yeah . it's- i think it 's the one . it 's i 'm just highlighting it . you agree that this is the one , it should be shared on your screen ? ( chi ) yes , yes . ( on ) yeah , uh , and and the default mode for this is the online , or the batch one ? ( chi ) oh , ehm it has a lot of a common line parameter . it does n't fault mode . ( on ) okay . ( chi ) today we have gone through the uhm the simpler example , but you can try to uhm verify all the possible options . are well commented it also has aaa ( ? ? ) . and okay . you should find all the required information . ( on ) yeah . uh , and and it should also have an option to simulate live streaming from an audio file . uh not tested recently . so this is something that we should test . and this would be the best way for the testing actually , so that we connect such a bit direction a clients , to the the running mediator and test how our asr and machine translation systems behave . yeah . okay , and the most complete example for the workers is this backend asr too . as you mentioned . ( chi ) actually , it 's my favorite example . but also you have ehm machine translation example . the audio record example . okay . we send it out of indication but it 's the same . ( on ) ( ? ? ) audio recording example . okay . yeah , so . that 's that 's it . i do n't know i do n't know if there are any further questions or comments from anyone else . i 'll try to record briefly record what we have discuss about the uh the channels and recording and time stamps . i hope that i 'll be able to recollect . but this is anyway something that alfaviewneeds to discuss directly with uh , with pervoice . and please everybody attend to the to the requests , the like , uh , the details and whatever whatever else is needed . so if if that is all . nobody has any other questions or comments ? okay . if everybody is fine . then i would like to thank everyone for uh , participating in the session . i 'll try to record . i 'll try to extract the recording from this system , and also to to provide you with with the recording so that uh , maybe other people who did n't have time to uh , to attend now can can review the tutorial given by chiara and uh , and sh- and follow the uh , the instructions to uh , to get the clients and workers running and connecting . okay ? ( chi ) okay . thank you , thank you so much for listening me . ( on ) thank you and will be in touch with all the individual details . so thank you . bye-bye . ( chi ) bye . ( 2 ) thanks , bye , bye .", "tgt": "technical information for event 2020 . chiara 's platform presentation . testing stable recording client needed . recording on the fair . time stamps . separate channels for each stream ? producing more target language outputs at once . long run testing ."}
