G:  I think we 're done . 
G:  headphones that aren't so uncomfortable . 
G:  Well , I don't think  
G:  No . 
G:  Um , I don't think they 're designed to be over your ears . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  But I definitely  haven't figured it out . 
G:  " Sip , sigh . " 
G:  I think that  
G:  u 
G:  usually we 've done that 
G:  and also we 've s done digits as well , 
G:  but I forgot to print any out . 
G:  So . 
G:  Besides with this big a group , 
G:  it would take too much time . 
G:  Yeah , but it takes too much time . 
G:  Uh , especially for querying . 
G:  Landay . James . 
G:  But if we had the CrossPads , we could ask people , you know , if  if something comes up <audible closure> write it down and mark it <audible closure>  somehow , 
G:  you know . 
G:  But that 's alright . 
G:  I don't think there 'd be so many that you couldn't have someone clean it up 
G:  pretty easily . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And I 'm Adam Janin on channel A . 
G:  And , uh , do you want to do the P D As and the  P Z 
G:  Far . 
G:  Yeah , and eventually once this room gets a little more organized , the Jimlets  will be mounted under the table , 
G:  and these guys will be permanently mounted somehow . 
G:  You know , probably with double - sided tape , 
G:  but  So . 
G:  You  So we won't have to go through that . 
G:  Well , that was just one of the reasons . 
G:  But , yeah , definitely . 
G:  And  
G:  Well , I asked them to 
G:  and none of them did . 
G:  So , I  I asked them to send me ideas for queries after the meeting 
G:  and no one ever did . 
G:  I didn't follow up either . 
G:  So I didn't track them down and say " please do th do it now " . 
G:  But , uh , no one spontaneously provided anything . 
G:  I just don't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say " that 's important , 
G:  that might be a query " . 
G:  I mean , that gives you a summary 
G:  but it doesn't really  
G:  How do you generate queries from that ? 
G:  Uh , James and I were talking about this during one of the breaks . 
G:  And the problem with that is , I 'm definitely going to do something with information retrieval 
G:  even if it 's sort of not full full - bore what I 'm gonna do for my thesis . 
G:  I 'm gonna do something . 
G:  I 'm not gonna do anything with summarization . 
G:  And so if someone wants to do that , that 's fine , 
G:  but it 's not gonna be me . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  Oh , I see . 
G:  Uh , y 
G:  I mean , i this would tell you what the hit is , 
G:  not what the query is . 
G:  What  
G:  And so you could  you can generate a query from the hits , 
G:  but  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah , I think that 's difficult 
G:  because then they 're not gonna ask the questions that are in the summary . 
G:  But , I think it would give  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  th Yeah , I think it has to be a participant . 
G:  Well , it doesn't have to be . 
G:  OK . So that  that is another use of Meeting Recorder that we haven't really talked about , 
G:  which is for someone else , 
G:  as opposed to as a  remembrance agent , 
G:  which is what had been my primary thought in the information retrieval part of it would be . 
G:  But , uh , 
G:  I guess if you had a meeting participant , they could use the summary to refresh themselves about the meeting and then make up queries . 
G:  But it 's not  
G:  I don't know how to do it if  until you have a system . 
G:  Yeah , that  that 's what I was saying . 
G:  But at least it would get us started . 
G:  Mmm . 
G:  Although it seems like that 's , um , a high burden on the note - taker . 
G:  That 's a pretty fine grain that the note - taker will have to take . 
G:  But they  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Well , I think that 's a little bit of a problem . 
G:  Their sort of note - taking application stuff 
G:  they 've been doing for the last couple of years , 
G:  and I don't think anyone is still working on it . 
G:  I think they 're done . 
G:  Um , so I 'm not sure that they have anyone currently working on notes . 
G:  So what we 'd have to interest someone in is the combination of note and speech . 
G:  And so the question is " is there such a person ? " 
G:  And I think right now , the answer is " no " . 
G:  We 'll just have to see . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah , absolutely . Then you want to have it . 
G:  By hand . 
G:  Minutes . 
G:  Never . 
G:  Never . I 've never seen it at ICSI . 
G:  Does anyone  ? 
G:  I mean , Dan is the one who  who most frequently would take notes , 
G:  and  
G:  Oh , really ? 
G:  That 's true  are four or five people . 
G:  Culture . 
G:  The IRAM meeting , they  they take notes every  
G:  There 's uh a person with a laptop  at each meeting . 
G:  There are more . 
G:  I mean , there are ten - ish . 
G:  They 're very sparse . 
G:  Yeah . This is something early in the project we talked a lot about . 
G:  I agree , but  but you  you just  you g end up with video , 
G:  and  and instrumented rooms . 
G:  And  that 's a different project , I think . 
G:  Yeah , different  
G:  But don't you think that 's  
G:  Don't you think that  But  
G:  Huh . 
G:  Right . 
G:  But I think adding photographs adds a whole nother level of problems . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  But that  it 's gonna be a lot of effort on our part to create it , and store it , 
G:  and get all the standards , and to do anything with it . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Low fidelity . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Well , once the room is a little more fixed that 's a little easier 
G:  cuz you 'll  
G:  Well , the wireless . 
G:  But  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  I  I  I don't disagree . 
G:  I think that if you have that , then people who are interested in vision can use this database . The problem with it is you 'll have more people who don't want to be filmed than who don't want to be recorded . 
G:  So that there 's going to be another group of people who are gonna say " I won't participate " . 
G:  Um  
G:  But , you know , that 's a lot of infrastructure and work . 
G:  To set it up and then anonymize it ? 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Couldn't find it ? 
G:  Hmm ? 
G:  Uh , except in  
G:  er , if we weren't recording this , this  this would get lost . Right ? 
G:  The point is that we 're not saving it anyway . 
G:  Right ? 
G:  In  in  our real - life setting . 
G:  Well , uh , in that case we don't need to take pictures of it . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  And  and they seem to  not be able to give enough of them away , 
G:  so we could probably get more as well . 
G:  Yeah , I 'm not sure . 
G:  I think it it  it will again depend on Landay , 
G:  and if he has a student who 's interested , 
G:  and how much infrastructure we 'll need . 
G:  I mean , if it 's easy , we can just do it . 
G:  Um , but if it requires a lot of our time , we probably won't do it . 
G:  Yeah . Yeah , we have to sort of figure out what we 're gonna do . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Right . I ag I think I agree with that . 
G:  I think , though , the importance marking is a  good idea , though . 
G:  That if  if people have something in front of them  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Do it on pilots or laptops or something . 
G:  OK , if something 's important everyone clap . 
G:  Yeah . Um , I think that 's right . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Oh , OK . That 's fine . 
G:  Absolutely . 
G:  Yeah . What I was gonna say is that I don't want to ask people to do something they wouldn't normally do in a meeting . 
G:  It 's ver I just want to keep away from the artificiality . 
G:  But I think it  definitely 
G:  if they exist . 
G:  And then Jane 's idea of summarization afterward I think is not a bad one . 
G:  Um , 
G:  picking out  basically to let you pick out keywords , 
G:  um , and , uh , construct queries . 
G:  People in the meeting . 
G:  You know , just at  at the end of the meeting , before you go , 
G:  go around the table . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Ugh . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  And see  score them ? 
G:  Oh . 
G:  Hmm . 
G:  I d 
G:  yeah , I don't know how you would do it , though . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Running to  
G:  Yeah , 
G:  fff ! 
G:  Maybe e Is email easier ? 
G:  I mean , I  when you first said do  do it , um , spoken , what I was thinking is , oh then people have to come up 
G:  and you have to hook them up to the recorder . 
G:  So , if they 're already here I think that 's good , 
G:  but if they 're not already here for  I 'd rather do email . 
G:  I 'm much faster typing than anything else . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  I don't know . 
G:  At  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah , read the digits , 
G:  do the summary . 
G:  God , that 's bugging me . 
G:  Can we turn that light off ? 
G:  If  can we turn that just  that  that let  
G:  Yeah , there 's a  
G:  Very annoying . 
G:  Oh , much better . 
G:  Too much caffeine . 
G:  I thought it was the projector for a moment . 
G:  It was like , " what 's going on ? " 
G:  We  we 've just been talking , how do we generate queries ? 
G:  And so that was one suggestion . 
G:  And what ? 
G:  At least . Yeah . 
G:  m i Even if that much ? 
G:  Less . 
G:  Well , in answer to " is it Landay 's problem ? " , 
G:  um , he doesn't have a student who 's interested right now in doing anything . 
G:  So he has very little manpower . 
G:  Um , there 's very little allocated for him 
G:  and also he 's pretty focused on user interface . 
G:  So I don't think he wants to do information retrieval , 
G:  query generation , that sort of stuff . 
G:  y Well , but I think  
G:  I , uh  
G:  Right . 
G:  Or  or just a memory refresher . 
G:  Yep . I agree . 
G:  We 're still here . 
G:  As many are willing to do it . 
G:  Well , maybe one thing we could do is for the meetings we 've already done  
G:  I mean , I  we didn't take minutes and we don't have summaries . 
G:  But , uh , people could , like , listen to them a little bit and  generate some queries . 
G:  Of course Jane doesn't need to . 
G:  I 'm sure you have that meeting memorized by now . 
G:  Mmm . 
G:  Or want to get up and leave . 
G:  Me too , me too , me too . 
G:  Well , 
G:  you have the other thing , that  that they know why we 're doing it . 
G:  We 'll  I mean , we 'll  we 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this is  is to d generate queries in the future , 
G:  so try to pick things that other people didn't say . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Yeah , like Jim Bass says " add a few lines on dialogue in your next perf " 
G:  But that  that 's gonna be very hard to generate . 
G:  But  
G:  But what 's interesting to me may not b have been interesting to you . 
G:  By  so by going around  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah , I  I think  you can't get at all of it , 
G:  right ? 
G:  W we just need to start somewhere . 
G:  Hmm . 
G:  Importance ? 
G:  I wouldn't even say that " that they learned " . 
G:  Uh , you might want to mention something that  that you brought up . 
G:  Yeah , that 's like  
G:  n 
G:  I think that 's gonna predominantly end up being whoever  takes down the equipment then . 
G:  Yeah , that would be , let 's see , me . 
G:  Give them a reward , 
G:  a dollar a query ? 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Well , we 're gonna  
G:  Yep . 
G:  Absolutely . So I think we 're gonna have to start with keywords 
G:  and  and if someone becomes more interested we could work our way up . 
G:  But  
G:  Really ? 
G:  Oh , that 's true . 
G:  Yeah , I was thinking about Wizard of Oz , 
G:  but it requires the wizard to know all about the meetings . 
G:  So . 
G:  Oh , yeah . I  I understand . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  But that  neither could anyone else , though , is what , uh , my point is . 
G:  Right . Since we have the transcript . 
G:  Dates maybe . 
G:  I don't know . 
G:  That 's something I always forget . 
G:  That  that 's all I wrote down . 
G:  Sure . Can you hand me my note pad ? 
G:  Thanks . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  Right . 
G:  Mailing lists . 
G:  Uh , how quickly do you want it ? 
G:  My July is really very crowded . 
G:  And so , uh  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  That 's right . 
G:  Dot Berkeley dot EDU , of course . 
G:  Oh , is this IBM ? 
G:  Uh , so do they  How are they gonna do the multi - channel ? 
G:  I thought so . 
G:  Mix ? 
G:  OK . That 's , uh , my question . 
G:  So we 'll give them all sixteen channels 
G:  and they 'll do whatever they want with it . 
G:  It 's not hard . 
G:  So . 
G:  Yep . Absolutely . 
G:  Absolutely . 
G:  So , sure . 
G:  And then p possibly  
G:  Not an immediate action item but something we do have to worry about is data formats for  for higher - level information . 
G:  Well , or d or not even higher level , 
G:  different level , prosody and all that sort of stuff . 
G:  We 're gonna have to figure out how we 're gonna annotate that . 
G:  But that 's not  That 's display . 
G:  That 's different than format . 
G:  Get my parents to do it . 
G:  I think my father would last through the second prompt before he hang  hung up . 
G:  He would never use it . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  What is it ? 
G:  Oh , OK . 
G:  It 's a tape recorder . 
G:  It 's eight tape recorders . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Un - unfortunately Landay told me that Jason is not gonna be working on that anymore . 
G:  He 's switching to other stuff again . 
G:  Who ? 
G:  Landay or Jason ? 
G:  OK . 
G:  True . 
G:  Absolutely . 
G:  Well , but that 's not very much . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  I mean , that  that 's  
G:  Yeah . Basically what his software does is h it picks out keywords and does a Google - like search . 
G:  So you could  
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yep . 
G:  Um , the " Georgia Tech Classroom Two Thousand " is a good one . 
G:  Well , Georgia Tech did a very elaborate instrumented room . 
G:  And I want to try to stay away from that . 
G:  So  
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  It 's also  it 's not  it 's not near - far , right ? 
G:  I think @ @ gonna add that to one of my action items . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Cuz I had thought they 'd only done far - field , 
G:  intelligent - room sorts of things . 
G:  I hadn't known that then  they 'd done any more than that . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  I think everyone here is on the list . 
G:  I think you are . 
G:  I  I added a few people who didn't  who I knew had to be on it even though they didn't tell me . 
G:  Like Jane , for example . 
G:  You are on it , aren't you ? 
G:  Hmm . 
G:  " Psst .  Want to buy a corpora ? " 
G:  It 's not the same . 
G:  Now , I was already thinking about it , 
G:  so  
G:  So , um , 
G:  I really liked the idea of  
G:  what I thought was interesting was the combination of the CrossPad and the speech . 
G:  Especially , um , the interaction of them rather than just note - taking . 
G:  So , can you  determine the interesting points by who 's writing ? 
G:  Can you do special gestures and so on that  that have , uh , special meaning to the corpora ? 
G:  I really liked that . 
G:  Did you take pictures of the boards ? 
G:  To the pre previous meeting . That 's right . 
G:  Ah ! 
G:  I wonder if work 's already been done on it . 
G:  Well , if we had people wearing the wireless mikes all the time  
G:  Yeah , I think  
G:  That actually has come up a couple times in queries . 
G:  I was talking to Landay 
G:  and that was one of his examples . 
G:  When  when did people laugh ? 
G:  So we need a laugh detector . 
G:  Cuz that seems to be pretty common . 
G:  Not in the congressional hearings . 
G:  Quiet sobbing . 
G:  I think we 're done . 
