A:  <other> Oh . 
C:  Du 
A:  Okay . Thanks for coming to this meeting . S how we doing on our remote ? We have some  we have some ideas and some uh 
D:  Hm . 
C:  <other> 
A:  ideas for what people want . 
C:  Uh we yes s I've lo <other> I've done the role that I was asked to do anyway . <laugh> I think . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . <laugh> Alright let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting . See if I can't get things uh moving along here a little bit better . Um I'll go over what we went over last time , which shouldn't take long . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Then I believe each of you have a presentation . Um I've was sent a a couple more requirements for our remote , what they want . Um then we can come to a conclusion on uh what we want the remote to do , um and how it's going to do it hopefully . And uh then we'll have the closing . <other> Um which we'll have forty minutes for . Uh let's see , the last meeting we went over um <other> who was responsible for what . I'm responsible for leading the meetings , keeping the notes , uh and coming up with the final presentation . Um Corinne is our Marketing Expert . She's gonna figure out what what um the consumer wants . Um <other> Ryan is our User Interface Designer . And Manuel is the Industrial Designer . So you're gonna come up with the ideas Ryan , and you're gonna pick 'em apart . <laugh> Um we decided our remote , uh we want it to be a universal remote uh that everyone would want . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Um we want to be modern , um fun , different . Uh it needs to be sturdy , um easy to find , so we gonna have that locator function . Um and we want to be different . Um and then we went over a couple of different ideas . Ball-shaped phone . The keyboard shape . Um we decided that it should probably be one-handed . Something we could use with one hand . Um and that was our last meeting . So um why don't um  Do each of you have a presentation ? 
D:  Yep . 
A:  Okay . I'll hand it off to you and um  Does anyone  do you wanna go first ? So we can maybe see what uh what the people want . 
D:  Sure . 
B:  <cough> 


D:  What was it ? Function ? 
B:  Eight . F_ eight . 
D:  F_ eight ? Well . <laugh> How do I get it  
C:  Slide show . 
A:  To go to the next one ? Yeah you click on that guy . Yeah . 
D:  Oh right right right . That one ? Okay . 


D:  Alright . Well , this is my report , which is going to be based pretty much on a survey that I was sent . 
D:  Okay . Um so first of all , the method that I used was by doing some marketing research , by um doing research on some interviews that were conducted . And then some internet research . 
B:  <cough> 
D:  And I was sent a report that was  I think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed . And so I will show you some of the results from that , which I think will be helpful . Um okay here are some of the findings . They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls . And seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly . Which is a fairly significant number I would say . And eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy . So I think that earlier we were onto something when we were talking about having it be a modern cool look , I think that's definitely important . Um they say that current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user . Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot . And if anyone could clarify what that means ? Zap , does that just mean like changing the channel ? Okay . <laugh> 
C:  Is is it j just just just using it yeah . 
B:  <other> Just jus yeah . 
D:  Um and fifty percent of the users say that they're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control . And there was something else , they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons . And some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all . Of course channel selection is used the most frequently . And then teletext was the next . Volume and then power . And then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used . So I think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button . Um the biggest user frustrations , as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere , and so I think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea . They said it take  thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote . And twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for R_S_I_ . <laugh> 
C:  A repetitive strain injury . 
D:  What is it ? 
C:  Just repetitive strain injury . I think . That's what I guess . 
D:  Okay . Okay . And so bas okay . Um as far as speech recognition goes , um the younger group looks like they're all for it . From the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more . And it kind of just went down incrementally . The groups at  the older they get it looks like the less willing they are to pay , so maybe we could discuss this and think  and decide if we think it's worth investing in this . At least if we're targeting the younger groups . And so in conclusion . Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct . We definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance , since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of their remote control . Um a multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore . So you only have one rather than five different remotes sitting all over your room . Uh we need to simplify the remote and reduce the number of buttons , get rid of the ones that don't seem to be serving much purpose . And then lastly I thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition . And that's it . 


A:  'Kay . Very nice . Now we actually have some ideas of what what people want , what we should focus on . Uh  
D:  <cough> 
A:  Wait can I look at that real quick ?  . 
D:  Oh yeah . Sorry did you guys get time to write everything that you needed ? 'Kay . 
C:  Yeah . 


C:  Having just listened to what Corinne just said , I'll draw on some of the things as well . <other>  Some things that sort of relevant to what I wanna say . 'Kay so I'm just gonna yeah approach the technical functions design . Um <other> the method I used was to explore the uh technical functions of a remote control . And t s simplest approach that I came to is is to change , programme and operate an electronic device remotely . I mean that's an obvious thing to say , but it's not attached to the device that you want to control . 
D:  <cough> 
C:  Um I had some things sent to me . Not very much . To look at similar devices . Um defined in some them . And then the personal preferences that I will suggest . Um we discussed a universal one . Um like it's just been brought up again then . But I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design , and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it , um because you'd need to know all the spef specifications of a all the like electronic companies . 
C:  And that's it . 
B:   cable there . Thank you . 
A:  What was your last conclusion on that one ? Focus on uh the i 
C:  On something on the image of it . Uh the f the actual design . 
A:  the image of it . 'Kay . Good . Good . 


B:  Okay . Gonna talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically which is what dictates the design the both the interface basically and the outer appearance because this is all the stuff that needs to go in there . Right . So unfortunately the people who were supposed to do this little presentation for me obviously were too drunk to actually accomplish it , so um <cough> I'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board . Um just  
D:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  <other> Of course it's always a question whether these these components are in fact <cough> available cheap enough , developed enough . But that's like I s I suppose rather up to marketing , and not to 


A:  Okay . Um  Let's see here . 
C:  Do you wanna put your cord back in ? 
A:  Yeah I guess so . 
B:  Oh right . <other> 
A:  Trade you . 
B:   go . <other> 


A:  Now I was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements . Um the remote's only gonna be for the television , which is good because we already decided  y your your research showed that uh not only is a universal remote more complicated , it's more cost , more costly . And your re uh research showed that you know most of the people don't even use it . I think uh you said fifty percent of the people only use half the or ten percent of the buttons . So if we remove the universal remote then that solves that problem . Um no teletext . Um  
D:  Mm . 
A:  So we don't have to worry about that . Um but we do have to use the the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan , which is we put the fashion in electronics . And our corporate colours are grey and yellow . And we could probably get away with black too but  So those are the three um the three new requirements that that I was told we need to use . 


A:  Um from all all three of your uh presentations , I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting . Um  We want something that looks good . Um we want something that's simple . We want something that you can find easily . Um  And the speech recognition I I guess is kind of uh give or take . It's gonna cost more . S the young the younger people say that they like it . But um it's 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  probably , I would say , probably not worth the investment at this point in time . So maybe we should just do away with speech recognition . Um  And that way we can focus on our form . 


A:  Um  So I guess after the meeting <other> we'll have some questionnaires . And uh and some summaries for for what's going on . Um then we'll take lunch . Then we can come back and uh work on our individual work . Um  I'll do the minutes . Uh let's see . 


A:  It looks like you're already on your way for uh working with the components . Um chips , the what chips we need and what uh 
B:   . 
A:  you know how to power it and whatnot . User interface concept , we want it to be something simple . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Um  Minimal number of buttons . I guess our , I guess our main um main thing that we should focus on until then is probably deciding on a certain look , you know . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . That's  
A:  Did you have time earlier to to work on that . Did you guys feel you have enough time in between our meetings to get everything done that you need to get done ? 
D:  <laugh> Not really . <other> 
C:  I'll yeah I'll have a look , try  look at the actual appearance in the next break . 
A:  'Kay . 
C:  You  I mean it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones , and the shapes that the they've been going . They've gone from big brick block things , which is  a remote control is , to sort of slinky small things . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  Mm . 
A:  Yeah everybody's got a mobile phone right ? Except for me now . <laugh> Uh  
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  But they are all , you know , mobile phones um they've kind of taken a turn to where they're really small . Um which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time . But then again you don't want you know like the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag to carry it around in . Um  
B:  <cough> 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm . 
B:  Right . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Um but that's that's good . That's  w I think we've got a kind of a good plan there . Um  At least for what buttons we're gonna use . Um  So we've got uh  I like the scroll , the scroll action and the   . 
C:  I mean I'm just just thinking maybe 


A:  <other> Okay . Well we need to finish up here . Um  So for the next  So for the next um  before the next meeting w uh sh shall we work on  you're watching trends to see what what kind of new information we've got going on . Um  
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yep . 
A:  Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use . Let's go with our our uh rounded 
B:  Right . 
A:  kind of fit in your hand  let's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece . So one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand . Um  
B:  Alright . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  <other> And Ryan you work on um how how well they'll work with the us with the user . So both of those concepts . 
C:  How well it'll work yeah . 
A:  And uh okay I think we made some good progress here . <other> see you in  
B:  <other> Alright . 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  I dunno . I gu I guess we'll take lunch in about uh half an hour . <other> Or I guess we'll be taking lunch shortly and then then in about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Alright . 
A:  Okay . 


