A:  we're making a remote control 
A:  Um we've got to make something as fashionable as possible , 
A:  and then finally we'll incorporate as kind of the last stage you know where you guys build or tell me <other> tell us what's possible 
A:  and then you tell us what we can um hope for and what way to go 
A:  and then ov obviously uh the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ you know you you can keep on the you know sort of at the cutting edge of how to get about maximising what is possible 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager presented the project to the other participants by discussing the aim of creating a new, fashionable remote control device and defined the roles and tasks of each participant.

A:  for now just for th the white board um basically uh just to get used to it , 
A:  I'm a excellent Project Manager . Um . 
A:  I'm Marty , 
D:  I'm Sarah , 
D:  and I'm the Marketing Manager or something . 
C:  I'm Ron . 
C:  and I am the User Interface Designer . 
B:  I'm Nathan , 
descriptions: Suggest Be-Negative Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The group introduced themselves to each other and trained themselves how to use the whiteboard tools.

A:  uh project finance . 
A:  what we're trying to do is sell this remote for twenty five Euros . Um . <other> 
A:  the profit aims to make fifty million Euros on it . 
A:  Eur internationally . 
A:  Um but we wanna try to make it for twelve fifty . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager discussed the financial goals of the project, including the projected profit aim and price point for the device.

A:  I need you to tell us what um <other> we  what the user's gonna want . 
A:  Um <other> U_I_D_ well yeah you right g your assignments are up there 
A:  um <other> and I'd like the um Industrial Designer to get ge think about what needs to be done , like what the basic function of it . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager gave each participant their assignments.

A:  one of the things I I was gonna mention to you um you guys the designers is that um it m we probably need a rever it needs to be a universal remote control probably . 
C:  we can't kind of build it into other uh products . 
C:  For instance like a mobile phone or something like that . 
B:  Maybe a remote with changeable faces , like the faces that you can buy for phones . 
C:  does anybody have any initial ideas ? 
D:  as soon as you said that I was thinking like all the other things you could get a remote to do , like your microwave or your front door 
C:  But  I'm thinking  I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design 
C:  so touch screen design rather than button 
C:  so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things . 
A:  maybe like an L_  like a touch screen type of remote ? 
B:  I think , making it out of a nice material would be very important , 
B:  I think , it wouldn't be such a bad idea to have a like a locator device , 
B:  maybe a simple button that you have on your television to help you find your remote . 
A:  Cou could we not do something where like just a little lit like literally just a very small kind of thing 
A:  that you could place something else 
A:  and it makes the remote page . 
D:  so we'll have to be careful of exactly who we're marketing this to , 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Suggest Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Elicit-Assessment Suggest Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The group then began a discussion of their initial ideas about the remote control and possible features.

A:  I'm gonna put these initial ideas that we've got in the um <other> project documents , 
descriptions: Offer 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager announced that he would make a report containing the discussion of the group's initial ideas about the device.

A:  um <other> and I'd like the um Industrial Designer to get ge think about what needs to be done , like what the basic function of it . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer will prepare a definition of the basic functions that the remote control device will have.

A:  I need you to tell us what um <other> we  what the user's gonna want . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The Marketing Expert will define the needs and desires of the user.

A:  Um <other> U_I_D_ well yeah you right g your assignments are up there 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The User Interface Designer will receive further assignments at a later time.

A:  I'm gonna put these initial ideas that we've got in the um <other> project documents , 
descriptions: Offer 
abst_sum - action: The Project Manager will prepare a report of the initial ideas discussed during the meeting.

A:  one of the things I I was gonna mention to you um you guys the designers is that um it m we probably need a rever it needs to be a universal remote control probably . 
C:  we can't kind of build it into other uh products . 
C:  For instance like a mobile phone or something like that . 
B:  Maybe a remote with changeable faces , like the faces that you can buy for phones . 
descriptions: Suggest Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The group decided to consider the following features for the remote control device: universal compatibility with different types of video formatting, combination with other types of devices, and interchangeable faceplates.

None

abst_sum - problems: NA.

