A:  Okay so welcome everyone . 

A:  So the the goal is to have a remote control 

A:  And then we will move to f conceptual design where we'll specify the different component involved , what kind of user interf interface we want and what are the different uh trend in user interface and stuff like that . 

B:  It's an abstract drawing of an orangutan . 

A:  Of course your animal is recorded so it's not lost . <laugh> 

D:  It's a cat . 

A:  <laugh> Maybe I can draw like a very simplified cow . <laugh> 

A:  So  Here the uh financial objective of our project . 

A:  so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple . 

A:  Maybe I can have the  your opinion from the marketing side ? 

B:  Uh if if we bundle the remote control with something uh to sell then it could be a single device , otherwise it could be programmable one 

A:  Okay , so if it selled uh by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device . 

A:  And uh do you have any ideas um of uh design ideas or any uh uh technical requirement we we should uh fulfil ? 

C:  If we don't have so many buttons could be nice . 

A:  And do you have it also to be  to be lighted in order to be used in the dark ? 

C:  Something which is not squarey maybe uh , not a box . 

A:  So . Fit in your hand , yeah . 

A:  <laugh> Water-proof as well . 

A:  Maybe water-proof would be very original . 

B:  And , and that's one of the  that's one of the shock  I mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it . 

A:  But maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well . 

A:  Maybe we can sell uh all that together , so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well . 

C:  most of the time I I lose my remote control . 

A:  Maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep . 

A:  That's a good idea , that's very original and that's can uh improve . 

B:  So i it's just going to add t to the cost . 

A:  Yeah . We have to ask the quest of that's uh design to the uh Industrial um Designer . 

A:  <laugh> Okay so try to find that for next meeting . <laugh> 

A:  So so I will ask the Industrial Designer to find out more about this industrial design so any working  any working function we have discussed . 

A:  and uh look at your mail because you will receive uh some good advice soon . <other> 

A:  I think that's all for this point . 

