G:  OK . 
F:  Test . 
B:  Let 's see , I should be  
B:  Two . La  Is this channel one ? Gee , OK . Yes . OK . <inbreath> 
E:  As close to your mouth as you can get it . 
D:  Up high  high as you can get . 
G:  <laugh> Yeah , on your upper lip . <laugh> 
H:  Channel one one one . 
E:  OK , so for  for  
H:  This is  chan 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  For people wearing the wireless mikes , like  like this one , I find the easiest way to wear it is sorta this  this sorta like that . It 's actually a lot more comfortable then if you try to put it over your temples , so  
H:  channel channel 
F:  Channel five , channel five . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
H:  one one two three 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Test , test test . 
B:  What do you do , you do it higher ? Mm - hmm . 
D:  Adam 's just trying to generate good uh data for the recognizer there . 
G:  Yeah , I think we 're supposed to  that 's right . 
D:  <laugh> Oh it was . 
E:  And then also , for  for all of them , if your boom is adjustable , the boom should be towards the corner of your mouth , and about a uh a thumb to a thumb and a half distance away from your mouth , so about like I 'm wearing it now . 
F:  Test test . 
A:  By the way , there was a bug . Yeah , i it wasn't using the proper  basically it wasn't adapting anything . <laugh> 
D:  Oh . <laugh> Oh that 's interesting . So why didn't you get the same results and the unadapted ? 
H:  It 's not always possible . <laugh> 
E:  so so Jane , you could actually do even a little closer to your mouth , but  
A:  Hmm ? 
G:  I could  can this be adjuste like this ? Is that @ @ ? OK , thank you . 
D:  Why didn't you get the same results and the unadapted ? 
A:  Oh , because when it estimates the transformer pro produces like a single matrix or something . 
E:  Yep . 
F:  Adam , I 'm not  uh , looks kinda low on channel five  no ? Maybe not . Hello ? It 's OK ? Is this OK ? 
D:  O Oh oh I see . I see , I see . 
B:  OK . 
E:  Channel five , s speak again . Yeah , that 's alright . I mean , we could  we could up the gain slightly if you wanted to . 
G:  Hello . 
A:  Basically there were no counts @ @ 
H:  Yeah . <breath> OK . 
D:  I see what you mean . 
C:  Who 's channel B ? 
E:  but  
E:  Uh , channel B is probably Liz . 
C:  Uh oh . <breath> 
H:  Uh channel B  I am channel B . No , channel B . Yeah , yeah . 
B:  You wanna close this , or 
G:  Channel eight , eight . 
C:  No I yeah , yeah , you 're channel B . So can you talk a bit ? I thought it might be too  OK . 
E:  Thank you . 
A:  Hello , hello . 
H:  OK , yeah , channel B , one two three four five . 
F:  <whistles> 
A:  <mike noise> 
E:  Yeah , it 's alright . So , the gain isn't real good . 
B:  We 're recording , right ? Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
E:  OK , so we are recording . 
H:  Ah . 
F:  Oh . 


E:  Um everyone should have at least two forms possibly three in front of you depending on who you are . 
A:  OK . 
F:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Um we  we 're doing a new speaker form and you only have to spea fill out the speaker form once but everyone does need to do it . 
E:  And so that 's the name , sex , email , et cetera . 
H:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  We  we had a lot of discussion about the variety of English and so on so 
E:  if you don't know what to put just leave it blank . 
E:  Um 
E:  I  I designed the form and I don't know what to put for my own region , <laugh> so <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
A:  Mmm . 
D:  California . 
A:  I think  
E:  California . 
H:  California . 
A:  Um may I make one suggestion ? Instead of age put date of  uh year of birth because age will change , but 
E:  Sure . 
E:  Oh . 
A:  The year of birth changes , you know , stays the same , usually . 
B:  <laugh> 
G:  Although on  
C:  A actually , wait a minute , shouldn't it be the other way around ?  
D:  <laugh> Not for me . 
E:  Birth year ? 
A:  <laugh> Yeah . <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
G:  course on the other  on the other hand you could  
C:  On the other side , yeah .  
G:  you view it as the age at the time of the  
A:  Well the thing is , if ten years from now you look at this form knowing that  <page rustling> 
G:  Yes , but what we care about is the age at  at the recording date rather than the  
D:  But there 's no other date on the form . 
C:  O yeah . 
C:  W we don't care how they  old they really are .  
A:  Well  well I don't know . 
G:  Yes . <laugh> Unless we wanna send them a card . <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  Well I guess it depends on how long the corpus is gonna be collected for . 
G:  Yeah , that 's true . 
A:  Anyway . 
C:  I still don't see the problem .  
E:  Either way 
E:  yeah I think  I think age is alright and then 
A:  OK . 
E:  um there will be attached to this a point or two these forms 
E:  uh so that you 'll be able to extract the date off that 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  so , anyway . 
E:  And so then you also have a digits form 
E:  which needs to be filled out every time , the speaker form only once , the digit form every time even if you don't read the digits you have to fill out the digits form so that we know that you were at the meeting . 
E:  OK ? And then also if you haven't filled one out already you do have to fill out a consent form . 
E:  And that should just be one person whose name I don't know . 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  OK ? 
F:  Do you want this  Adam ? 
E:  Uh sure . 
E:  Thank you . 


B:  So uh 
E:  OK so 
E:  should we do agenda items ? 
B:  Uh oh that 's a good idea . 
B:  I shouldn't run the meeting . 
D:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Uh well I have  I wanna talk about new microphones and wireless stuff . 
B:  <laugh> 
G:  Mmm . 
E:  And I 'm sure 
E:  Liz and Andreas wanna talk about recognition results . 
E:  Anything else ? 
C:  I guess  what time do we have to leave ? 
C:  Three thirty ? 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , so . 
E:  Why don't you go first then . 
B:  Yeah , good idea . 
A:  OK .  


C:  Um 
C:  Well , I  I sent out an email 
C:  s couple hours ago so 
C:  um 
C:  with Andreas ' help um Andreas put together a sort of no frills recognizer which is uh 
C:  gender - dependent but like no adaptation , no cross - word models , no trigrams  a bigram recognizer 
E:  <clears throat> 
C:  and that 's trained on Switchboard which is telephone conversations . 
C:  Um 
C:  and thanks to Don 's help wh who  Don took 
C:  the first meeting that Jane had transcribed 
C:  and um <mouth> you know separated  used the individual channels we segmented it in into the segments that Jane had used 
C:  and uh Don sampled that so  
C:  so eight K 
C:  um and then we ran up to I guess the first twenty minutes , up to synch time of one two zero zero <laugh> so is that  that 's twenty minutes or so ? 


C:  Um yeah because I guess there 's some , and Don can talk to Jane about this , there 's some bug in the actual synch time file that 
E:  Or so . 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  ah uh I 'm  we 're not sure where it came from but stuff after that was a little messier . 
C:  Anyway so it 's twenty minutes and I actually um 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  I  
E:  was that  did that  did that recording have the glitch in the middle ? 
G:  I 'm puzzled by that . 
G:  I  oh  oh , I see . Oh there was a glitch somewhere . 
C:  There 's  there 's a  
C:  yeah , so that actually um 
F:  Was it twenty minutes in , I thought  
G:  I forgot about that . 
C:  if it was twenty minutes in then I don't know 
A:  Well it was interesting , suddenly  
G:  Well , I mean , they  but I was able to can transcribe 
E:  I don't remember when it is . 
A:  the  the overall error rate when we first ran it was like eighty percent 
E:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
A:  but i looking at  the first sentences looked much better than that 
A:  and then suddenly it turned very bad and then we noticed that the 
A:  reference was always one off with the  <laugh> it was actually recognized so 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  Yeah , that might be  that might be  that might be my fault . I 'm not  
C:  Wel - 
E:  Oh no . 
G:  Wow . 
E:  Oh so that was just a parsing 
C:  No actually it was  
A:  OK . 
E:  mismatch . 
C:  yeah i it was a complicated bug because they were sometimes one off and then sometimes totally random so 
G:  Oh . 
F:  yeah , I was pretty certain that it worked up until that time , so 
G:  That 's not good . 
C:  um 
C:  Yeah so that 's what we have but that  that will be completely gone if this synch time problem <laugh> 
A:  OK . 
E:  Alright . 
G:  Yeah . 
E:  The  
A:  So  so we have everything recognized but we scored only the first uh whatever , up to that time to 
G:  And the only glitch  
E:  the glitch 
G:  yeah . 
E:  yeah . 
C:  So you guys know . 
B:  S 
C:  Yeah . 
G:  The  the  
E:  Th - the 
B:  sorry I haven't seen the email , what was the score ? 
C:  So here 's the actual copy of the email um 
G:  well  
G:  wait we should say something about the glitch . He  he can say something about the glitch . Cuz it 's  it 's  it 's  h it 's  it 's very small  very small . 
E:  yeah . 
C:  oh OK so does this glitch occur at other  
E:  There  
E:  there  there 's an acoustic glitch that occurs where um the channels get slightly asynchronized 
G:  Yep . 
C:  Oh . 
C:  Right . 
E:  so the  that  that problem has gone away in the original driver 
A:  Mmm . 
E:  believe it or not when the SSH key gen ran the driver paused for a fraction of a second 
F:  Hmm . 
B:  Hmm . 
E:  and so the channels get a little asynchronous and so if you listen to it in the middle there 's a little part where it starts doing  doing click sounds . 
B:  <laugh> 
B:  So  
C:  And is it only once that that happens ? 
E:  But 
E:  yeah it  right once in the middle . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  OK . 
C:  There 's  the previous page has some more information about sort of what was wrong but 
B:  so  
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Um 
B:  so un unsurprisingly Adam is the golden voice , you see this here ? 
H:  <laugh> 
G:  S 
C:  OK so that 's actually 
G:  and it  
E:  But that shouldn't affect anything 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  yeah yeah " bah " <laugh> 
C:  It  y it 's  OK no  
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Oh , and  
C:  What happens is it actually affects the script that Don  I mean if we know about it then I guess it could always be checked for it but they 
D:  Huh . 
E:  Well the acoustic one shouldn't do anything . 
F:  Yeah , I don't know exactly what affected it but I 'll  I 'll talk to you about it , I 'll show you the point . 
G:  I agree . I agree . 
A:  I  I have  
E:  But 
A:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah . It  it had no effect on my transcription , you know , I mean I  I had no trouble hearing it and  and having time bins but 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  I  I do remember  
A:  Mmm . 
B:  <pages rustling> 
E:  I do remember seeing once the transcriber produce an incorrect XML file where one of the synch numbers was incorrect . 
G:  there was a  
G:  Oh . 
F:  That 's what happened . 
C:  Well , the  the synch time  the synch numbers have more significant digits than they should , right ? There 's things that are l in smaller increments than a frame . 
G:  Oh . 
H:  Yeah . 
F:  There was  
E:  Where  where they weren't monotonic . 
F:  yeah , I mean  
H:  Yeah . 
G:  Oh , interesting . 
E:  Oh OK so that 's 
F:  Hmm . 
C:  And so then , I mean you look at that and it 's got you know more than three significant digits in a synch time then that can't be right so 
G:  Oh . Yeah . 
E:  yeah sounds like a bug . 
A:  Mmm . 
C:  anyway it 's  it 's just  that 's why we only have twenty minutes but there 's a significant 
F:  Non - zero ? 
C:  amount of  
F:  Um there are like more  
E:  The other one I saw was that it 
F:  cuz there 's a lot of zeros I tacked on just because of the way the script ran , I mean but there were there was a point . 
E:  yeah . 
C:  Yeah that was fine . That  that was OK . 
E:  The other one I saw was non non - monotonic synch times and that definitely indicra indicates a bug . 
F:  OK . 
B:  <pages rustling> 
F:  Uh . 


C:  Well that would really be a problem , yeah . So anyway these are just the ones that are the prebug 
F:  Yeah . 
C:  for one meeting . 
A:  <clears throat> 
B:  <pages rustling> Hmm . 
C:  um and what 's  
E:  So that 's very encouraging . 
C:  which  this is really encouraging cuz this is free recognition , there 's no 
H:  Yeah . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Cool . 
A:  Mmm . 
C:  I mean the language model for Switchboard is totally different so you can see some like 
H:  <laugh> 
D:  Trent Lott . 
C:  this Trent Lott which um I mean these are sort of funny ones , there 's a lot of perfect ones and good ones and all the references , I mean you can read them and 
B:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
D:  It 'll get those though . <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
C:  when we get more results you can look through and see but 
E:  I 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  and as I said I would like to look at the lattices because it sounded like even the ones it got wrong it sort of got it right ? 
C:  um it 's pretty good . 
C:  Well so I guess we can generate 
E:  Sounds likes ? 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  There are a fair number of errors that are , you know where  got the plural S wrong or the inflection on the verb wrong . 
C:  um 
E:  Yeah , and who cares ? And  and there were lots of  of course the " uh uh " - s , " in on " - s 
A:  Mmm , so if  
C:  there 's  
E:  " of uh " - s . 
C:  No those are actually 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  a lot of the errors I think are out of vocabulary , so is it like PZM is three words , it 's PZM , I mean there 's nothing 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Right . 
C:  There 's no language model for PZM 
E:  Ri - ri right . 
C:  or um 
E:  Did you say there 's no language for PZM ? <laugh> 
C:  No language model , I mean those  
D:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Do you mean  so every time someone says PZM it 's an error ? 
E:  Maybe we shouldn't say PZM in these meetings .  
C:  Well  well there 's all kinds of other stuff like Jimlet and 
H:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  Yeah , that 's right , Jimlet .  
C:  I mean 
C:  um anyway there  
B:  Well , we don't even know what that means , so I <laugh> 
C:  so <laugh> but this is really encouraging because 
H:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  Yeah , that 's right .  
F:  <laugh> 
C:  so , I mean the bottom line is even though it 's not a huge amount of data 
C:  um 
C:  it should be 
C:  uh reasonable to actually run recognition and be like within the scope of  
D:  <laugh> 
C:  of r reasonable s you know Switchboard this is like h about how well we do 
C:  on Switchboard - two data with the Switchboard - one trained  mostly trained recognizer and Switchboard - two is  
E:  Right . 
E:  Excellent . 
C:  got sort of a different population of speakers 
C:  and a different topic and they 're talking about things in the news that happened after Switchboard - one so there was @ @ so that 's great . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah so we 're in better shape than we were say when we did  had the ninety - three workshop 
C:  Um 
B:  and we were all getting like seventy percent error on Switchboard . 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  <laugh> you know <laugh> 
C:  Oh yeah I mean this is really , and thanks to Andreas who , I mean this is a 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  Mmm . 
E:  Well 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  especially for the very first run , I mean 
A:  Oh it 's the  
C:  eh um 
E:  you  the first run I ran of Switchboard I got a hundred twenty percent word error but <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  yeah 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
C:  So and what al also this means is that um 
A:  <laugh> 
G:  Right . 
E:  Not Switchboard , uh Broadcast News . 
A:  Well it 's  
C:  I mean there 's a bunch of things in this note to various people especially I guess 
C:  um with Jane that  that would help for  since we have this new data now 
C:  uh in order to go from the transcripts 
C:  more easily to 
C:  um just the words that the recognizer would use for scoring . 
C:  I had to deal with some of it by hand but I think a lot of it 
C:  can be automated s by  
B:  Oh one thing I guess I didn't get so 
B:  you know the language model was straight from  from bigram from Switchboard 
B:  the acoustic models were also from Switchboard or  or 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
G:  That 's amazing . 
B:  So they didn't have anything from this acoustic data in yet ? OK . 
E:  Yeah , so that 's great . 
C:  No . 
C:  And actually  we actually um used Switchboard telephone bandwidth models 
G:  That 's amazing . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  which I guess 
D:  I was just gonna say , yeah . 
A:  Well that 's  those are the only we ones there are , I mean  
C:  so that 's the on that 's the only acoustic training data that we have a lot of and I guess Ramana , so a guy at SRI said that 
E:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
C:  um there 's not a huge amount of difference 
C:  going from  it 's  it 's not like we probably lose a huge amount but we won't know because we don't have any full band models for s conversational speech . 
B:  Right . 
D:  It 's probably not as bad as going f using full band models on 
C:  So . 
D:  telephone band speech right ? 
A:  Oh yeah . Yeah . 
C:  Right . Right , so it 's  so 
B:  Yeah , but for Broadcast News when we  we played around between the two there wasn't a huge 
E:  Right , it was not a big deal . 
C:  Yeah so I wou so that 's good . 
A:  I should  I should say that  
B:  loss . 
E:  Although combining em worked well . 
A:  the language model is not just Switchboard it 's also  
A:  I mean there 's uh 
A:  actually more data is from Broadcast News but with a little less weight 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
C:  Like Trent Lott must have been from I guess <laugh> Switchboard was before uh . 
A:  uh because 
A:  mm - hmm , right . 
E:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Um 
A:  By the way just  
B:  <laugh> Good point . 
A:  for fun we also ran , I mean our complete system starts by doing ge a gender detection 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  so just for the heck of it I ran that 
E:  And it said a hundred percent male ? <laugh> 
A:  um and it might be reassuring for everybody to know that it got all the genders right . Yeah so <laugh> Yeah . Yes . 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  The j <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  Oh it did ? 
B:  <laugh> 
G:  Oh that 's  I 'm glad . <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  It got all two genders ? <laugh> 
C:  Yeah 
C:  but you know Jane and Adam have you kn about equal performance and uh 
F:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  and that 's interesting cuz I think the  their language models are quite different so 
A:  <clears throat> 
C:  and I  I 'm pretty sure from listening to Eric 
C:  that , you know given the words he was saying and given his pronunciation that the reason that he 's so much worse 
C:  is the lapel . 
E:  Right . 
G:  That makes a lot of sense , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  So it 's nice now if we can just sort of eliminate the lapel one when  
G:  Very possible . 
C:  when we get new microphones that would be worth it um 
B:  Yeah I  I  I would bet on that too cuz he certainly in that  when as a  as a burp user he was  he was a pretty uh strong one . 
E:  Sheep . 
C:  Yeah he  he  he sounded to me just from  he sounded like a , what 's it a sheep or a goat ? 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  A sheep . Baah . 
B:  Sheep . 
C:  Sheep , right . 
B:  Yeah . Sheep is good . 
C:  Sounded good . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Right so um 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  so I guess the good news is that 
C:  and  and again this is without 
C:  a lot of the sort of bells and whistles that we c can do with the SRI system 
C:  and we 'll have more data and we can also start to 
C:  maybe adapt the language models once we have enough meetings . So this is only twenty minutes of one meeting with no  no 
A:  I mean clearly there are um with just a small amount of uh actual 
C:  tailoring at all . 
G:  <mike sound> 
A:  meeting transcriptions uh thrown into the language model you can probably do quite a bit better because 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  Or just dictionary . 
A:  the  
C:  The voca the vocabulary especially yeah . 
C:  Yeah , so . 
A:  Not that much the vocabulary actually I think  um well we have to see but  
C:  Yeah . 
A:  it 's uh  
C:  It 's pretty good um 
B:  Have to add PZM and so on but 
C:  so then 
E:  And I have to try it on the far field mike yeah . 
C:  PZM and then there 's things like 
C:  for the transcription I got when someone has a digit in the transcript I don't know if they said , you know one one or eleven and I don't know if they said 
B:  <clears throat> 
B:  <clears throat> 
C:  Tcl or TCL . 
C:  there 's things like that where , you know the 
C:  um we 'll probably have to ask the transcribers to indicate some of those kinds of things but 
C:  in general it was really good and I 'm hoping  and this is  
D:  I wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing though , I mean if we 're pr 
B:  I r 
C:  that 's about it . 
E:  That we 're starting so well ?  
D:  yeah if we 're producing a database that everybody 's gonna do well on 
B:  Oh 
E:  Don't worry about it w d that 's 
H:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  that 's the close talking mikes . Try it on the P Z Ms and  and 
B:  Yeah , which  I would  which  well n n n n 
H:  Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . 
D:  So the real value of the database is these ? 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  Yeah , abso well no but 
B:  I mean there 's still just the w the percentages and , I mean they 're not  a as we 've talked about before there 's probably overlaps 
C:  This i yeah . This is not that good . 
B:  there 's probably overlaps in  in 
B:  uh in fair number in Switchboard as well so 
B:  but  
B:  but there 's other phenomena , it 's a meeting , it 's a different thing and there 's lots of stuff to learn with the close talking mikes 
B:  but uh yeah certainly I 'd like to see as soon as we could , I mean maybe 
B:  get some of the glitches out of the way but soon as we could how well it does with say 
B:  with the P Z Ms or maybe even one of the 
C:  Right . 
B:  and uh see if it 's , you know is it a hundred twenty percent or maybe it 's not maybe if 
B:  with some adaptation you get this down to fifty percent or forty - five percent or something and  and then if for the PZM it 's seventy or something like that that 's actually something we could sort of 
B:  work with a little bit 
C:  Yeah . No I think it 's really , I mean this way we least have a baseline we know that for instance the transcripts are very good so once you can get to the words that the recognizer which is a total subset of the things you need to understand the  the text 
B:  so 
C:  um yeah they 're pretty good so and  and it 's 
C:  converting automatically from the XML to the 
C:  chopping up the wave forms and so forth it 's not the case that 
C:  the end of one 
C:  utterance is in the next segment and things like that which we had more problems with in Switchboard 
C:  so that 's good . 
C:  And um 
C:  let 's see there was one more thing I wanted to  
C:  to mention  I can't remember um 
C:  <mouth> 
C:  Sorry can't remember . <laugh> 
C:  anyway it 's  well it was , I mean I really didn't do this myself so Andreas set up this recognizer and  by the way the recognizer all the files I 'm moving to SRI and running everything there so 
G:  Congratulations 
G:  is really great . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , it 's really good . 
C:  I brought back just these result files and people can look at them um 
C:  so 
A:  We  we talked about setting up the 
A:  SRI recognizer here . 
A:  That 's  
A:  you know if  if there are more machines 
A:  um 
A:  uh here plus people can  could 
A:  run their own 
A:  uh you know variants of  of  of the recognition  runs um certainly doable . 
A:  Um . 
B:  Yeah and  well certainly if the recognition as opposed to training , yeah . 
B:  Seems reasonable . 
G:  I need t Hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 


C:  this is good news because that means the force alignments should be good and if the force alignments , I mean it 's good news anyway but if the force alignments are good we can get all kinds of information . 
C:  For example about , you know prosodic information and speaker overlaps and so forth directly from the aligned times . 
C:  Um so that 'll be something that 
D:  <mouth> 
C:  actually in order to assess the forced alignment 
A:  <click> 
C:  um we need s some linguists or some people to look at it and say are these boundaries in about the right place . 
C:  Because it 's just gonna give us time marks so . 
D:  But you know  
E:  Well we 've done that for one meeting . 
C:  For forced alignment . 
E:  Uh oh oh f not for words I 'm sorry just for overlaps is we did it for not  not for words . 
C:  Ye - right . 
C:  Right . 
C:  So this would be like if you take the words 
C:  um you know and force align them on all the individual close talk uh close talking mikes 
C:  then how good are these sort of in reality and then I was thinking it  
E:  Right . 
E:  So we might want to take twenty minutes and do a closer word level transcription . 
E:  Maybe actually mark the word boundaries . 
C:  Oh or  i have someone look at the alignments uh maybe a linguist who can say 
C:  um 
C:  you know roughly if these are OK and how far away they are . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Um but I think it 's gotta be pretty good because otherwise the word recognition would be really b crummy . 
E:  Right , right . 
C:  It wouldn't necessarily be the other way around , if the wor word recognition was crummy the alignment might be OK 
C:  but if the word recognition is this good 
C:  the alignment should be pretty good . 
C:  So 


G:  I need to ask one question . 
A:  Yeah . 
G:  Which is um 
G:  so this issue <laugh> 
G:  of the uh legalistic aspects of the pre - sent you know pre - adapted  
G:  Yeah , well , so what I mean is um 
G:  the  
G:  uh the data that you take into SRI , first  first question , you 're maintaining it in  in a place that wouldn't be publicly readable that  that kind of stuff , right ? 
A:  U um 
C:  From the outside world or 
G:  By uh people uh who are not associated with this project . 
E:  It 's human subjects issues , I told you about that . 
A:  Oh . 
G:  Exactly . 
C:  Um oh . Well OK we have n no names . 
C:  Although I sh um 
E:  That  that 's not the issue , it 's just the audio data itself , until people have a chance to 
C:  de audio data itself ? 
G:  Mm - hmm , exactly . 
C:  Uh so well I can  I can protect my directories through there . Right now they 're not  they 're in the speech group directories which  so I will  I didn't know that actually . 
E:  edit it . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Great . 
B:  Yeah so we just have to go through this process of having people approve the transcriptions , say it 's OK . 
C:  Yeah OK . 
G:  Yeah , we had to get them to approve em and then i cuz  cuz the other question I was gonna ask is if we 're having um you know it 's 
C:  Right OK . 
G:  but this  this meeting that you have , no problem cuz I  I well I mean I  I speak for myself but  but I think that we didn't do anything that but 
E:  It 's us . 
G:  well anyway so <laugh> uh I wouldn't be too concerned about it with respect to that although we should clear it with Eric and Dan of course but these results are based on data which haven't had the 
G:  uh haven't had the chance to be reviewed by the subjects and I don't know how that stands , I mean if you  if you get fantastic results and it 's involving  data which  
C:  That 's true . 
G:  which later end up being 
G:  lessened by , you know certain elisions , then I don't know but I wanted to raise that issue , that 's all . 
A:  <breath> 
B:  Well we , I mean once we get all this streamlined it may be sh it  hopefully it will be fairly quick but 
B:  we get the transcriptions , people approve them and so on it 's just that we 're 
E:  Alright we need to work at a system for doing that approval so that we can send people the transcripts and get back any bleeps that they want 
G:  Great . 
A:  Mmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah actually the bleeps are also an issue I thought . 
B:  It 's gonna be a rare thing that there 's a bleep for the most part . 


A:  U uh actually I had a question about the downsampling , um I don't know who , I mean how this was done but 
C:  Don did this . 
A:  is  
A:  is there  are there any um <mouth> 
A:  issues with downsampling because I know that 
A:  the recognizer 
A:  um 
A:  that we use h can do it sort of on the fly um so we wouldn't have to have it eh you know do it uh 
A:  explicitly beforehand . 
A:  And is there any um i are there other d sev uh 
A:  is there more than one way to do the downsampling where one might be better than another ? 
F:  There are lots of w <clears throat> there are lots of ways to do the downsampling um different filters to 
A:  OK . 
A:  Right . 
F:  put on , like anti - aliasing stuff . 
A:  OK . 
A:  So  so the  th 
E:  I don't think we even know which one 
E:  I assume you 're using syncat to do it ? 
F:  No , I 'm using uh SN 
E:  Or sound resample ? 
F:  SND uh 
E:  Resample . Yeah and Dan 's archaic acronyms . <laugh> 
C:  Re - re ref yeah . 
F:  are resample . 
F:  RSMP . 
F:  Yeah , I don't really . 
C:  Missing all the vowels . 
F:  I just  yeah I found it . 
E:  Not all of them . <laugh> 
C:  Some of the vowels , almost all the vowels , that 's the hard part .  
A:  So  so the other thing we should try is to just take the original wave forms , I mean segment them but not downsample them . 
E:  And a few of the consonants . 
C:  Yeah we could  we could try that and  and 
F:  Yeah , that 's  
A:  And  and feed them to  feed them to the SRI recognizer and see if  if the SRI front - end does something . 
C:  compare 
C:  Yeah . 
E:  I suspect that 's sort of premature optimization , but 
E:  Sure . 
C:  We can try it . I  I only downsampled them first cuz I was 
F:  I mean that 's just one line  that 's one line of code to comment at so 
A:  Well  
C:  yeah 
A:  Right and  and it doesn't  is no more work <laugh> for um 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Yeah . 
C:  Well they 're just bigger to transfer , that 's why I s downsampled them before but 
A:  you know for us . 
A:  Well but they 're only twice as big so 
B:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  Well I mean that was  if it 's the same then we can downsample here but if it 's  
A:  I mean it 's  it 's just a 
F:  Although those eighty meg files take a while to copy into my directories so , but no , I mean it 's not  i it wouldn't be a problem if you 're interested in it  it would  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  We could try that . 
A:  Yeah I mean it would be uh you know it would probably take uh about um 
A:  you know minus the transfer time it would  it would take uh 
F:  Yeah . 
A:  you know ten minutes to try and  and  and 
E:  It 's about a fifty minute drive , right ? 
F:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  Well it takes more disk space too so I was just  
A:  And  and if for some reason we see that it works better then we might investigate why and , you know , what  
F:  Mmm . In the front - end we could do that . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  So you just train  just different filters and so you 're just wondering whether the filter is 
F:  Yeah , I  
F:  Yeah , I can imagine it would be  
A:  Right . Right . 
F:  I mean I guess there 's some  
C:  So we could try that with this particular twenty minutes of speech and sort of see if there 's any differences . 
A:  You know a at some point someone might have optimized whatever filtering is done for the actual recognition 
F:  Hmm . 
A:  um performance . 
A:  So in other words 
B:  Right . 
A:  right , so 
E:  It just seems to me that , you know small changes to the language model and the vocabulary will so swamp that that it may be premature to worry about that . 
E:  I mean so one is a half a percent better than the other 
E:  I don't think that gives you any information .  
C:  Well it 's just as easy to  to give you the sixteen K individual , it was just more disk space you know for storing them so 
E:  Yep . 
B:  Are you  
B:  are you using uh 
B:  uh mel cepstrum or PLP over there ? 
A:  Mel cepstrum . 
B:  So probably doesn't matter . 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
C:  Well we could try . <laugh> Could easily try 
F:  There 's  there 's your answer . <laugh> 
B:  But  but it wouldn't hurt to try , yeah . 
A:  That 's what I would assume but you never know , you know . <laugh> 
C:  so 
B:  Sure . 
G:  Just  Mm - hmm . 
B:  No the reason I say this PLP uses uh auto - regressive filtering and uh modeling and so 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  it can be sensitive to the kind of filtering that you 're doing but uh uh mel cepstrum 
B:  uh 
B:  might not  b you wouldn't expect to be so much but 
C:  Well we can try it if you generate like the same set of files just up to that point where we stopped anyway and just sti stick them somewhere and I 'll rerun it with 
F:  Yeah , it 's  it 's really not a problem . 
A:  Actually , no . Don't stop . <laugh> Don't stop at that part because 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  Keep going .  
A:  we 're actually using the entire conversation to estimate the speaker parameters , so 
F:  Yeah . 
A:  shouldn't use  you should s you know , get @ @ 
F:  Yeah , I mean I 'll  I have to do is eh e the reference file would stay the same , it 's just the individual segments would be approximately twice as long and I could just replace them with the bigger ones in the directory , that 's not a problem . 
C:  OK . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Mmm . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . 
E:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
C:  I mean I corrected all  I mean I hand - edited the whole  the whole meeting so that can be run it 's just  
C:  Once we get the  the bug out . 
A:  Mmm . 
G:  One  one question which is I  I had the impression  from this  from this meeting 
A:  Yeah . 
G:  that w that I transcribed that 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  um that there was already automatic downsampling occurring , is that 
G:  I thought that in order to 
E:  Yep . 
G:  so it was  
G:  so it 's like there 's already down 
E:  There 's one level that 's already happening right here . 
G:  OK . 
B:  This is being recorded at forty - eight kilohertz . 
F:  Oh . 
E:  Right . And it gets downsampled to sixteen . 
G:  OK . 
B:  Which is more that anybody needs so <laugh> 
C:  And that 's actually said in your meeting , that 's how I know that . <laugh> I  I <laugh> It 's like are we downsampling to sixteen ? 
F:  Hmm . 
G:  Oh OK . 
G:  That 's exactly , and that 's how I know it . <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 's a digital audio orientation for the board it 's in the monitor so it 's 
C:  Right . 
G:  <outbreath> 
A:  Mmm . 
C:  Thank God it 's not <laugh> more than that . 
E:  So  
F:  Is eight kilohertz  
B:  Yeah . 
E:  And I have no idea what filter it 's using , so 
F:  is  is eighty kilohertz generally accepted as like standard for voice ? 
E:  Telephone . 
B:  For telephone stuff . 
F:  Yeah that 's what I was gonna say , I mean like  
D:  Telephone . 
F:  so 
B:  So it 's  it 's  it 's just that 
B:  they were operating from Switchboard which was a completely telephone database and so that was a standard for that 
F:  Oh , I see , so . OK . 
E:  So sixteen seems to be pretty typical for 
B:  sixteen s 
E:  with this sort of thing . 
F:  Right . 
B:  Sixteen is more common for  for uh 
B:  broadband stuff that isn't  
E:  That isn't music . 
B:  that isn't music and isn't telephone , yeah . 
C:  And I guess if you 're comparing like  
C:  uh if you wanna run recognition on the PZM stuff you would want 
C:  you don't want to downsample the wh that right ? 
E:  Why is that ? 
B:  I don't know . 
C:  Well I don I mean if it 's any better 
B:  No actually I would think that you would  you would get better  you 'd get better high frequencies in the local mike . 
E:  All the way around I 'd think . 
B:  Uh but who knows ? I mean we do <laugh> we  we  we  we  we wanna find all this stuff out , we don't know . 
C:  Yeah well we could try it . <laugh> 
E:  Yeah .  
E:  We 're gonna have plenty of low frequency on the P Z Ms with the fans . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 


C:  Oh yeah there was just one more thing I wanted to say which is totally unrelated to the recognition except that um 
C:  well  
C:  well it 's sort of related but um good news also 
C:  uh I got  well Chuck Fillmore agreed to record meetings but he had too many people in his meetings and that 's too bad cuz they 're very animated and 
C:  but uh Jerry also agreed so uh we 're starting on  on 
A:  They 're less animated . 
E:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Well but he has fewer  he  he won't have more than eight and it 's a meeting on even deeper understanding , EDU , so that sounds interesting . As a compliment to our front - end meeting 
G:  <laugh> 
H:  <laugh> 
E:  Dot EDU ? <laugh> 
C:  and um so that 's gonna start Monday and one of the things that I was realizing is um 
C:  it would be really great if anyone has any ideas on some kind of 
C:  time synchronous way that people in the meeting can make a comment to the person whose gonna transcribe it 
C:  or  or put a <mouth> 
C:  push a button or something 
C:  when they wanna make a note about " oh boy you should probably erase those last few " or 
C:  uh " wait I want this not to be recorded now " or 
C:  uh something like that s 
B:  Weren't we gonna 
B:  do something with a pad at one point ? 
G:  The cross pads ? 
E:  Yeah , we could do it with the cross pads . 
C:  Cuz I was thinking you know if  if the person who sets up the meeting isn't there and it 's a group that we don't know 
C:  um and this came up talking to  to Jerry also that you know is there any way for them to indicate  to make sure that the qu request that they have that they make explicitly get addressed somehow so I don't know if anyone has ideas or  you could even write down " oh it 's about three twenty five and "  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well what I was just suggesting is  is we have these  this cross pad 
E:  Yeah , and use that . Not a bad idea . 
B:  just for this purpose and just use that and if we sink it in  
C:  That would be great . 




B:  The other thing is eh I don't know if you know this or if it 's a question for the mail to Dan but 
C:  That be great . 
B:  is this thing of two eight channel boards a maximum for this setup 
E:  I don't know . 
B:  or could we go to a third board ? 
E:  I don't know . 
E:  I 'll send mail to Dan and ask . I  I think 
E:  that it 's the maximum we can do without a lot of effort because it 's one board with two 
B:  Oh it is one board . 
E:  digital channels . 
E:  E eight each . So it  it takes two fibers in to the one board . 
E:  And so w I think if we wanna do that  more than that 
E:  we 'd have to have two boards , and then you have the synchronization issue . 
B:  But that 's a question because that would  if it was possible 
B:  cuz it is i you know already we have a  a  a group of people in this room that cannot all be miked  
E:  Right . 
B:  and it 's not just cuz we haven't been to the store , right it 's  
D:  What is the limit on each of those f fiber channels , is it the 
E:  Eight . 
D:  It just  it 's eight channels come in , does it have do with the sampling rate ? 
E:  It 's eight . 
E:  I have no idea . 
E:  But each  each fiber channel has eight  eight 
E:  channels 
E:  and 
E:  there are two ch two fibers that go in to the card . 
B:  It might be a hard limitation , I mean one thing is it  the whole thing as I said is  is all structured in terms of forty - eight kilohertz sampling so that pushes 
E:  So 
E:  Yeah . 
B:  requirements up a bit but 
D:  I was just wondering if  if that could change . 
E:  I mean then we 'd also have to get another ADD and another mixer and all that sort of stuff . 
D:  If we could drop that . 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  So I  I 'll send a mail to Dan and ask him . 
B:  Yeah . 


E:  OK on the uh are we done with that ? 
E:  So the oth topic is uh getting more mikes and different mikes , so I got a quote um 
E:  We can fit  we have room for one more wireless 
E:  and the wireless , this unit here is three fifty  three hundred fifty dollars , it  I didn't realize but we also have to get a tuner  the receiver  the other end , that 's uh four thirty 
E:  um 
D:  Wow . 
E:  and then also 
C:  For  for each ? I mean the tuner is four thirty for each . 
E:  Yep . 
C:  Wow . 
E:  And we just need one more so  so 
B:  Yeah at least w we got the good ones . <laugh> 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So that 's you know something like seven hundred eighty bucks for one more of these . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
E:  Um and then also um 
E:  It turns out that the connector that this thing uses is proprietary of Sony 
D:  Oh . 
E:  believe it or not and Sony only sells this headset . 
G:  Mmm . 
E:  So if we wanna use a different set  headset the solution that the guy suggested and they  apparently lots of people have done 
E:  is Sony will sell you the jack 
B:  <laugh> 
E:  with just wires coming out the end 
E:  and then you can buy a headset that has pigtail and solder it yourself . 
E:  And that 's the other solution and so the jacks are forty bucks apiece 
E:  and the  he recommended um 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  a crown CM three eleven AE 
E:  headset for two hundred bucks apiece . 
B:  There isn't this some sort of thing that plugs in , you actually have to go and do the soldering yourself ? 
E:  Becau - the reason is 
E:  the only  only thing you can get that will plug into this is this mike 
B:  No I understand . 
E:  or just the 
B:  The reason I ask is these sort of handmade 
E:  connector . 
B:  uh wiring jobs fall apart in use 
B:  so the other thing is to see if we can uh get them 
B:  to do a custom job and put it together for this . 
E:  Oh I 'm sure they would , they would just charge us , so . 
D:  Well , and they 'd probably want quantity too , they 'd 
B:  Well 
B:  no they 'll just charge us more , so it 's  this 
D:  Mmm . <laugh> 
E:  So  so my question is should we go ahead and get na nine identical head - mounted crown mikes ? 
B:  Not before having one come here and have some people try it out . 
E:  OK . 
B:  Because there 's no point in doing that if it 's not gonna be any better . 
E:  So why don't we get one of these with the crown with a different headset ? 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  And  and see if that works . 
B:  And see if it 's preferable and if it is then we 'll get more . 
C:  Comfort . 
E:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Cuz I mean I think the microphones are OK it 's just the  the 
E:  Right , it 's just they 're not comfortable to wear . 
B:  Right . 
C:  Could make our own handbands and 
H:  <laugh> 
E:  Um , and he said they don't have any of these in stock but they have them in LA and so it will take about a week to get here . 
B:  Yeah well it 's  
E:  Um so OK to just go order ? 
B:  We 're in this for the long term , yeah . Just order it . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  It 's a lot of money for a handband . <laugh> 
E:  OK and who is the contact if I wanna do an invoice cuz I think that 's how we did it before . 
F:  Yeah . 
B:  Uh we 'll do this off - line , yeah . 
F:  It 's a long time to get from LA . 
E:  OK . 
C:  <laugh> 
E:  And then nine channels is the maximum we can do , so . 
B:  Uh y right cuz  so one is for the daisy chain so that 's fifteen instead of sixteen and there 's six on the table so that 's nine . 
E:  Without getting more stuff . 
E:  Right . 
C:  Can I ask a really dumb question ? 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Probably . 
C:  Is  <laugh> is there any way we can have you know like a  a wireless microphone that you pass around to the people who 
C:  you know the extra people for the times they wanna talk 
C:  that  
C:  I mean  
B:  That 's a good idea . 
B:  That 's not a dumb question , it 's a good idea , yeah . 
C:  Well I mean  
A:  Like uh 
E:  I 'm just not sure how we would handle that in the 
F:  That 's like the Conch . <laugh> See , look .  
A:  like you know Jerry Springer thing , you know r <laugh> 
C:  Well but  
D:  Like at conferences <laugh> 
C:  well but there might be a way to say that there are gonna be these different people 
D:  so nail the chairs down . 
C:  um 
C:  and I don't know identifying somehow ? You know I was just thinking of Jerry Springer .  
A:  Yeah . <laugh> @ @ <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
E:  Yeah , somehow . It 's not a bad idea . 
B:  No that  
B:  no  no that 's a very  if we can't get another board and even if we can I have a feeling they 'll be some work . 
F:  <laugh> 
D:  The Springer mike .  
C:  I mean for the few times that you might wanna have that . 
B:  Let 's figure that we have eight which are set up and then there 's a ninth which is passed around to  
E:  A hand - held , yeah . 
B:  that 's a good idea 
D:  Infinite expansion . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Kind of rules out overlap but  <laugh> but uh 
H:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  Well or also for you know if people are not 
B:  Yeah . 
E:  Well we could just hand around the lapel . 
B:  Uh no  no that 's  
E:  Rather than get a  do you want a handset ? 
C:  No not the lapel . 
B:  No . 
E:  Well I mean is the  is the hand - held really any better ? 
D:  <laugh> Liz hates the lapel . 
B:  Yes . 
E:  OK . 
C:  I don't know but I d I know the lapel is really suboptimal . 
F:  <laugh> 
B:  No it  
E:  Is awful ? 
B:  no it depends on the hand - held but hand  many hand - helds are built wi with sort of uh anti - shock sort of things so that it  it is less 
B:  uh susceptible to hand noises . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  If you hold the lapel mike i you just get all k sorts of junk . 
C:  Right . 
E:  OK . 
C:  I mean the ones they really pass around must be sort of OK . 
B:  so 
E:  So I wonder if they have one that will hook up . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  They have  
B:  What ? 
E:  I wonder if they have one that will hook up to this or whether again we 'll have to wire it ourselves . 
D:  Well , you wouldn't want it to hook there you 'd just want it to hook into the receiver in the other room , right ? 
B:  No that 's uh  you need a transmitter . 
E:  What ? 
D:  Is th isn't that built into the mike ? 
B:  Oh I see . Get a  get a different radio , yeah . 
C:  Yeah just these ones that they 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  pass around with no you know wireless 
B:  But you need a ra but it has to correspond to the receiver . 
D:  Have a little antenna coming out the bottom . 
E:  It 's gonna be much easier to get one of these and just plug in a mike , isn't it ? 
D:  But then the mike has to h 
A:  Do you have to hand it around and if you have two pieces of 
F:  Yeah . 
B:  No no  
C:  Right . 
A:  @ @ 
B:  so right , so this is a good point , so yeah you have these  these mikes with a little antenna on the end right ? 
E:  OK . And do you think you would be able to use the same receiver ? 
B:  I don't know . You 'll have to check with them , yeah . 
E:  OK I 'll  I 'll ask . Yeah . 
D:  It 's just a frequency . 
B:  But that 's  that 's a great idea and then just sort of have that as the  and then you can have groups of twenty people or whatever and  and uh 
C:  Yeah because there 's only I mean as Andreas pointed out actually I think in the large  the larger the group the less 
A:  Pretty soon . 
C:  interaction  the less people are talking 
D:  Mmm , yeah . 
C:  um over each other  it just  there might be a lot of people that speak once or twice and 
B:  Right . 


A:  Um 
B:  Off you go , yeah . 
A:  Gotta go . 
A:   
E:  OK so I guess people who have to leave can leave and do we have anything else to discuss or should we just do digits ? 
G:  I  I thought of some extra  a couple of extra things I 'd like to mention . 
E:  OK . 
G:  One of them is to give you a status in terms of the transcriptions so far . 
G:  So um as of last night 
G:  um I 'd assigned twelve hours and they 'd finished nine and my goal was to have eleven done by the end of the month , I think that by tomorrow we 'll have ten . 
E:  uh 
C:  Uh it 's great  I j and this  I got this email from Jane at like two in the morning or something so it 's really great 
G:  So they 're still working . 
B:  Pretty close , that 's good . 
E:  Yep , that 's good . 
D:  Wow . 
G:  <laugh> 
G:  It 's working out , thanks . 
C:  It 's really great . 
G:  Thanks . 


G:  And then um 
G:  also an idea for another meeting , which would be to have the transcribers talk about the data <laugh> It 's sort of a  a little bit  a little bit <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  That 's a great idea . 
E:  Yep , that 'd be very interesting . I 'd love to hear what they have to say . 
B:  Super idea . 
F:  Yeah . 
C:  That 's a great idea cuz I 'd like to g have it recorded so that we can remember all the little things , that 's a great idea . 
G:  Yeah . 
D:  So if we got them to talk about this meeting , it would be a meta  meta meeting . <laugh> 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah , exa <laugh> exactly I guess  nested several layers , but  
H:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
B:  Now you have eight transcribers and there 's ten of us so how do we do this , is the only thing . 
C:  <laugh> 
C:  Or just have them talk amongst themselves . 
D:  Have them have their own meeting . 
G:  Well that 's what I 'm thinking , yeah . 
C:  And have 
B:  Oh . 
G:  Have them talk about the data 
C:  that would be great . 
G:  and they  and they 've made observations to me like they say 
G:  uh you know this meeting that we think has so much overlap , in fact it does 
G:  but there are other groups of similar size that have very little , you know it 's part of it 's  it 's the norm of the group and all that and they have various observations that would be fun , I think . 
C:  That 's a great idea . 
E:  Yeah , I 'd like to hear what they s say . 
G:  Yeah . 
C:  Be great . 
G:  OK . 
B:  So maybe we could  they could have a meeting 
B:  more or less without us that  to do this and we should record it 
B:  and then maybe one or two of them could come to one of these meetings and  and could you know could tell us about it . 
G:  Yeah . 
E:  Give us a status . 
C:  Yeah . 
G:  Oh good . OK . 
B:  Yeah . 
H:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
F:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> It 's  they will get to transcribe their own meeting but they also get paid for having a break and I think that 's a good idea , get them involved . 
G:  What  what 
E:  That would be weird . 
G:  yeah that 's right .  
G:  Yeah exactly , yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
G:  Great . 
C:  Um that 's a great idea . I 'm really sorry I have to g 
G:  Great . 
B:  Super . 


C:  no I have to go as well . 
B:  OK . 
C:   
G:  And then I wanted to also um say something about the Fiscus uh uh John  John Fiscus visit tomorrow . 
G:  And 
G:  Which is to say that w it 'll be from nine to one 
G:  that I 'm going to 
G:  uh uh offer the organization  allow him to uh adjust it if he wishes but 
E:  <mike sound> 
G:  to be basically in three parts , the acoustic part coming first which would be 
G:  basically the room engineering aspects um other things 
G:  and he 'll be also presenting what NIST is doing and  
G:  and 
G:  uh then 
G:  uh number two would be sort of a 
G:  the  the transcription process so this would be a focus on like presegmentation and the modifications to the  the multitrans interface which allows more refined encoding of the beginnings and ends of the overlapping segments 
G:  which uh Dave Gelbart 's been doing and then um 
G:  uh and of course the presegmentation Thilo 's been doing 
G:  and then um the third part would  and again he has some stuff that 's i relevant with respect to NIST and then the third one would be focus on transcription standards so 
G:  at NIST he 's interested in this establishment of a global encoding standard I guess I would say and I want it , you know k yeah 
G:  see what they 're doing and also present 
G:  what  what 
G:  we 've chosen as ours and  and discuss that kind of thing . 
G:  And so but he 's only here until 
G:  until one and actually we 're thinking of noon being uh lunch time so basically hoping that we can get as much of this done as possible before noon . 
G:  S 
B:  OK . 
G:  And everybody who wants to attend is welcome . 
G:  So yeah . 
E:  Oh , where you 're gonna meet ? 
G:  Here mostly but I 've also reserved the BARCO room 
G:  um eh to figure out how that works in terms of like maybe having a live demonstration . 
B:  OK but the nine o ' cl nine o ' clock will be i be in here . Yeah , OK . 
G:  Yeah . Mm - hmm . 
E:  I assume we 're not gonna try to record it ? 
G:  Oh I think that would be hard , yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I think just adds  
E:  Alright . 
G:  Yeah . 
B:  Um good . 


G:  Thank you though , uh - huh . 
B:  So maybe do digits and 
G:  Yeah . 
E:  Unless there 's anything else ? 
B:  recess ? 
G:  Yeah . 
D:  Do digital ones ? 
B:  Uh OK . 
G:  Yeah . 
E:  Uh should y we make him wear Andreas ' mike or would that just be too confusing ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No I don't think it 's confusing . Well , it doesn't confuse me . <laugh> 
E:  <laugh> 
G:  When we do this in the key  in the key  in the key it has to indicate that channel change , right ? 
D:  Does it mess up the forms ? 
E:  Uh yeah I just don't know how we would do that , so . <laugh> 
G:  Well i have a time mark . 
E:  I mean other than free  free form . 
D:  The on switch is here on the  
G:  Yeah . 
D:  on the top there . 
A:   
J:   
B:  OK . 
E:  And just clip it to your collar . 
B:  That 's fine . 
J:  OK , my name is uh Espen Eriksen . 
J:  I 'm a Norwegian . 
J:  Um uh this is my second semester at Berkeley . 
J:  Currently I 'm taking uh 
J:  my first graduate level courses in DSP 
J:  and um when I come back to Norway 
J:  I 'm gonna continue with the  more of a research project work  
J:  kind of work . 
J:  So this semester I 'm starting up with a  with a small project 
J:  through uh Dave Gelbart which I 'm taking a course with 
J:  I got in touch with him and he told me about this project . 
J:  So with the help of uh Dan Ellis 
J:  I 'm gonna do 
J:  small project associated to this . 
J:  What I 'm gonna try to do is uh use  use ech echo cancellation 
J:  to uh 
J:  to handle the periods where you have overlapping talk . 
J:  To try to do something about that . 
J:  So currently I 'm um 
J:  I 'm just reading up on echo cancellation , 
J:  s looking into the theory behind that 
J:  and then uh 
J:  hopefully I get some results . 
J:  So it  it 's a  it 's a project goes over the course of one semester . 
E:  Great . 
J:  So I 'm just here today to introduce myself . 
J:  Tell about I 'll be  I 'll be working on this . 
E:  And are you staying at Berkeley or is  are you just here a semester ? 
J:  This is my second semester and last . 
E:  Ah second and last , OK . 
J:  So 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  He 's in the  he 's in the cour two two five D course . 
J:  I leave 
J:  Yeah , I 'm in Morgan 's course , yeah . 
B:  So , yeah . 
E:  Good . 
D:  Welcome . 
G:  Then you  then you go back to Norway , that 's 
J:  Yeah . 
G:  OK . 
F:  We were just talking about something like this yesterday 
F:  or 
F:  yeah yesterday 
F:  with Liz . 
F:  About doing some of the 
F:  <clears throat> echo cancellation stuff or possibly the spectroanalysis over the overlaps , so . 
F:  Cool . 
J:  Yeah . 


B:  OK , let 's do digits . 
E:  Digits ? 
E:  And stop . 


E:  OK , this is transcript three four three one three four five O .  
B:  OK . 
E:  five five five nine one  
E:  six eight one four three zero three  
E:  seven seven eight six O three O  
E:  eight  
E:  nine zero  
E:  zero four zero five zero  
E:  one four four two four seven seven  
E:  two five seven eight two six six  
E:  three  
E:  four  
E:  five  
E:  six zero eight two  
E:  eight one O four eight three two  
E:  nine nine  
E:  O three one six eight one nine  
E:  zero nine three zero zero  
E:  one nine two  
E:  two  
E:  three zero  
E:  five one one two  
H:  Transcript eh three three nine one dash three four one zero .  
H:  three  
H:  four  
H:  five zero  
H:  seven one two  
H:  eight four nine  
H:  nine seven two six eight eight one  
J:  <pages rustling> 
H:  O six  
H:  zero  
H:  one  
H:  two  
H:  four two seven three two nine seven  
H:  five five zero  
H:  six five four four  
H:  seven seven eight two  
H:  eight nine  
H:  nine  
H:  O  
H:  one one three three one eight seven  
H:  two four O two  
H:  three seven two  
F:  Three three seven one dash three three nine zero .  
F:  two  
F:  three O nine  
F:  five two four zero three one eight  
F:  six five four zero zero one one  
F:  seven six four two five nine four  
F:  eight eight  
F:  nine  
F:  O  
F:  zero  
F:  two five two  
F:  three four five O  
F:  four four two two zero  
F:  five eight  
F:  six  
F:  seven  
F:  eight zero  
F:  O one six five O  
F:  zero four three two  
F:  one seven  
F:  two nine six  
J:  Transcript number three five one one dash three five three zero .  
J:  eight  
J:  O three two one O O seven  
J:  zero five nine  
J:  one nine  
J:  two  
J:  three six five two  
J:  four  
J:  five zero  
J:  seven five two nine  
J:  eight three eight two  
J:  nine three O  
J:  O eight seven eight  
J:  zero six zero  
J:  one  
J:  two  
J:  four one three  
J:  five three seven  
J:  six four  
J:  seven  
J:  eight  
D:  Transcript three four nine one dash three five one zero .  
D:  seven zero  
D:  nine two five eight four four three  
D:  O five four nine  
D:  zero eight  
D:  one five zero two one  
D:  two  
D:  three  
D:  four zero zero eight eight  
D:  six six four nine six  
D:  seven five seven seven eight zero seven  
D:  eight five  
D:  nine  
D:  O  
D:  zero  
D:  two four nine nine eight two zero  
D:  three five O  
D:  four two eight O O O nine  
D:  five  
D:  six  
D:  seven  
B:  Transcript three four seven one dash three four nine zero .  
B:  seven one  
B:  eight seven seven three  
B:  nine six  
B:  O eight  
B:  zero  
B:  one  
B:  two  
B:  four two one three six zero zero  
B:  five four eight seven five seven two  
B:  six six one nine one six seven  
B:  seven  
B:  eight  
B:  nine  
B:  O  
B:  one four  
B:  two two  
B:  three seven O two  
B:  four  
B:  five seven one  
B:  six  
G:  Transcript three four five one dash three four seven zero .  
G:  six seven  
G:  seven seven eight eight eight seven nine  
G:  eight four eight five six  
G:  nine  
G:  O  
G:  zero  
G:  two two five two five three O  
G:  three eight four  
G:  four nine four four one  
G:  five nine O three  
G:  six eight zero one five  
G:  seven O five  
G:  eight O  
G:  O four seven two six  
G:  zero five four  
G:  one five nine  
G:  two  
G:  three  
G:  four  
G:  five zero  


