D:  And what we 're doing now is ,  aside from the many other differences in the task , we are considering overlap 
abst_sum - abstract: The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group focussed its discussion on overlapping speech segments.

F:  Raw counts . 
F:  so . Of the times a person spoke and furthermore was involved in a two two - person overlap , <laugh> <inbreath> what percentage of the time were they the overlapper and what percent of the time were they th the overlappee ? 
F:  but , of course , uh i e <laugh> this is just one meeting ,  uh  there 's no statistical testing involved , and that would be  required for a  for a finding  of  any  kind of  scientific  reliability . 
D:  Well , of course th the biggest ,  um  result here , which is one we 've   we 've talked about many times and isn't new to us , but which I think would be interesting to show someone who isn't familiar with this <inbreath>  is just the sheer number of overlaps . 
D:  it 's a forty   forty plus minute  <inbreath> meeting , 
D:  what we 've learned about is overlaps in this situation , is that  the first   the first - order thing I would say is that there 's a lot of them . 
D:  In fact  <inbreath> and it 's not just an overlap  bunch of overlaps  second - order thing is <inbreath> it 's not just a bunch of overlaps in one particular point , <inbreath> but that there 's overlaps , uh throughout the thing . 
D:  Um  <mouth> preliminary analysis of overlaps in the pilot data we have transcribed , 
abst_sum - abstract: Speaker fe008 presented raw counts and percentages for one transcribed meeting, revealing a large number of overlaps throughout the 40-plus-minute transcript.

F:  um ,  that some people tend to be overlapped  with more often than they 're overlapped , 
F:  And  it would be , you know  of course ,  there 's also the question of what type of overlap was this , and w what were they , 
F:  So , um Then it beco  though  so  just  just superficially to give  um  a couple ideas of the types of overlaps involved , I have at the bottom several that I noticed . 
F:  So , uh , the point is that , um  <inbreath> overlap 's not necessarily a bad thing and that it would be im  i useful to subdivide these further and see if there are individual differences in styles with respect to the types involved . 
B:  So , the question is , you know , how many more overlaps  <inbreath> do you have  of , say the two - person type , by adding more people . to a meeting , 
B:  So it may be that having three people  <inbreath> is very different from having two people or it may not be . 
B:  But we should still be able to somehow say what  what is the added contra contribution to sort of overlap time of each additional person , or something like that . 
F:  These were  these were  benevolent types , as people  finishing each other 's sentences , and  stuff . 
B:  and that it would be interesting to look at  whether there are these kinds of constraints that Jane mentioned , that <inbreath> what maybe the additional people add to this competition that happens right after a turn , 
abst_sum - abstract: Efforts by speakers fe008 and fe016 are in progress to categorize and subcategorize types of overlapping speech and evaluate the contribution of multiple speakers in an interaction to the amount and types of overlap observed.

H:  Yeah , I 've been playing with , um uh , using the close - talking mike to do  to try to figure out who 's speaking . 
H:  So my first attempt was just using thresholding and filtering , that we talked about  about two weeks ago , 
H:  OK and then the other thing I did , was I took <inbreath> Javier 's speaker - change detector  acoustic - change detector , and I implemented that with the close - talking mikes , 
H:  Um  So , at any rate , my next attempt ,  which I 'm in the midst of and haven't quite finished yet was actually using the <inbreath> uh , thresholding as the way of generating the candidates . 
H:  But all of this is close - talking mike , 
H:  What I 'm doing <inbreath> is trying to use the close - talking mike <inbreath> and just use   Can - and just generate candidate and just  try to get a first pass at something that sort of works . 
abst_sum - abstract: Speaker me011 described his attempts to automatically identify speakers via the close-talking microphone channels using thresholding and filtering methods and an existing speaker-change detection algorithm.

G:  Or , this is getting a little extravagant , we could put up some kind of blinds or something to   to remove , uh  visual contact . 
D:  So this is the things that I think we did <laugh> in the last three months 
abst_sum - abstract: The group also tentatively discussed the erection of visual barriers during meeting recordings, and speaker me013 presented a list of work performed by BMR over the previous three months to be included in a forthcoming report to IBM.

H:  I 'll do that on the next set of forms . 
H:  So I 'm gonna put little labels on all the chairs with the seat number . 
abst_sum - decisions: For future meetings, speaker me011 will generate a system for mapping speakers and their positions in the recording room.

F:  I think  what I  what this has , uh , caused me  so this discussion caused me to wanna subdivide these further . 
F:  I 'm gonna take a look at the , uh  backchannels , 
F:  how much we have anal I hope to have that for next time . 
abst_sum - decisions: Speaker fe008 will analyze backchannels for a subset of meeting data and givee a report in the next meeting.

B:  so , from the point of view of studying dialogue , I mean , which  Dan Jurafsky and Andreas and I had some projects on , you want to know the sequence of turns . 
B:  So , for things like language modeling or dialogue modeling  <inbreath> it 's  We know that that 's wrong in real time . 
abst_sum - problems: For language and dialogue modelling, current methods of marking and segmenting overlap are abstracted from real time, as individual speaker turns are indicated sequentially.

F:  but , of course , uh i e <laugh> this is just one meeting ,  uh  there 's no statistical testing involved , and that would be  required for a  for a finding  of  any  kind of  scientific  reliability . 
D:  You know , the other thing I was thinking was that ,  um  these  all these interesting questions are , of course , pretty hard to answer with , uh u  you know , a small amount of data . 
abst_sum - problems: A large amount of data must be collected to address research questions concerning overlapping speech.

H:  And that works O K , if you fil if you tune the filter parameters , if you tune <inbreath> how long your median filter is and how high you 're looking for your thresholds . 
abst_sum - problems: For automatic speaker identification, thresholding and filtering methods are sensitive regarding the particular filter width and threshold selected.

H:  So if you fiddle around with it a little bit and you get good numbers you can actually do a pretty good job of segmenting when someone 's talking and when they 're not . 
H:  But if you try to use the same paramenters on another speaker , it doesn't work anymore , 
H:  It does work for the one speaker throughout the whole meeting . 
abst_sum - problems: While such parameters can be finely tuned for one speaker to achieve good results, extending the same parameters to another speaker is problematic.

H:  and  unfortunately that 's not working real well , and it looks like it 's  
H:  And what looks like it 's happening is that the  even on the close - talking mike the broad phone class classifier 's doing a really bad job . 
abst_sum - problems: The broad phone classifier of the speaker-change detector is peforming poorly.

None
abst_sum - problems: The prospect of erecting visual barriers during meetings would require partitioning off each of the participants.

B:  so we need a barrier that doesn't disturb  the sound , 
abst_sum - problems: Also, barriers that do not affect the overall room acoustics would be required.

