None
abst_sum - abstract: The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design.

A:  A a and the voice recognition as well , 
C:  it's it's it's another approach , 
abst_sum - abstract: It can be used as a normal remote, but the speech recognition also provides a more advanced alternative interface.

B:  but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find . 
abst_sum - abstract: The speech recognition works as a finding mechanism as well.

A:  And and the case is is rubber ? 
A:  And the buttons ? 
B:  <other> Plastic or rubber . 
C:  Uh yellow with uh 
C:  grey or black or something like that . Whatever cost uh cost uh the least . <laugh> 
abst_sum - abstract: The rubber case is yellow with grey or black, with buttons either made of plastic or rubber.

A:  M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition , or train the voice voice recognition . 
C:  okay . Okay , yeah , that's right . Or something li like that . 
abst_sum - abstract: An extra button could activate/deactivate the voice recognition.

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 
A:  th this design is not um within our price model . 
abst_sum - abstract: The prototype proved extremely over budget.

A:  And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell . 
A:  um by not using the voice recognition feature , 
abst_sum - abstract: The main contributing factors were the solar cell and speech recognition.

A:  uh by giving it another colour already . 
A:  Although I think we  yeah , but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people 
abst_sum - abstract: One way to compensate for the loss of features, but still attract their target group, would be to add more colour to the design.

A:  we are evaluating this this uh design now . This prototype . 
abst_sum - abstract: After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad).

D:  Is it ? Is it fancy ? 
B:  just <other> give it a two . 
D:  was it innovative ? 
C:  I think uh it's a two . 
D:  Is it easy to use ? 
A:  so it will be a two point five . 
D:  <laugh> Is it easy to find ? <laugh> 
A:  but I personally give it a one . 
A:  The feel of the remote control is spongy . 
D:  and make this a one point five . 
A:  The remote control offers enough features . 
A:  I'll give it uh a one . For for the  for this t uh type of market , I think it's a one . 
abst_sum - abstract: The criteria used were fancifulness (2), technological innovation (2), ease of use (2.5), whether it is easy to find (1), sponginess (1.5), number of features (1).

A:  we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation . About the project itself , not about the product . 
C:  looking at room for creativity , there was w way too  the the choice of components was way too narrow . 
A:  Uh leadership . 
B:  Fantastic . <laugh> 
C:  I think we're a good team . 
A:  I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh , hey Roo uh  . <laugh> Um  
A:  the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ? 
C:  <other> Uh . The digital pen was okay , 
C:  but SMARTboard was really bad . 
C:  The drawing cap capabilities are very limited . 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (choices too narrow), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard was not satisfactory, but the digital pens were alright, but not too useful).

B:  But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs . 
abst_sum - abstract: The delay in providing costs of components was criticised.

A:  we need to redesign uh the product . 
abst_sum - action: The prototype will have to be redesigned, so that it is compatible with the budget constraints..

A:  um then I did the following changes . 
A:  Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells , 
abst_sum - decisions: The idea to include a solar cell as a power source had to be abandoned, due to the escalated costs.

A:  um by not using the voice recognition feature , 
abst_sum - decisions: The same happened with the speech recognition.

None
abst_sum - decisions: In order for the cost to come down to the original budget of 12.50, they also had to replace the rubber of the buttons with plastic and not use a curved design.

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 
A:  th this design is not um within our price model . 
abst_sum - problems: The prototype proved extremely over budget.

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 
abst_sum - problems: It would cost 22 euros.

A:  <other> It becomes a very dull remote control , I know . 
C:  I think we we we all know what the redesign should be . 
C:  A simple , dull , uh one-coloured box . 
abst_sum - problems: The team thought all the changes to accommodate the budget requirements made a very dull device.

A:  uh maybe not not all that fancy , but just way way more easy uh uh um basic 
C:  but that's not what uh has been asked . 
abst_sum - problems: It was suggested that they go for a completely simple design so as to maximise the profit, although this was not what was asked in the project requirements.

A:  Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device . Definitely not , no . 
abst_sum - problems: The device cannot be a hi-tech, innovative one any more.

