C:  Um novice users u use this device as uh normal users use uh a c a remote control . 

A:  Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut ? 

A:  And and the case is is rubber ? 

B:  <other> Plastic or rubber . 

C:  Uh yellow with uh 

A:  M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition , or train the voice voice recognition . 

C:  okay . Okay , yeah , that's right . Or something li like that . 

A:  al although by pressing the button for I n don't know two , three seconds , you could also say it  you'd disable it with a little beep and and  

C:  Yes . 

A:  The production costs . 

B:  Twenty two . 

A:  And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell . 

A:  um then I did the following changes . 

A:  th this design is not um within our price model . 

B:  So the button we can use plastic . 

C:  But I'm afraid it's not complete . 

A:  And uh maybe not use the special form . 

B:  And a plastic b just plastic buttons , a plas uh instead of rubber . 

A:  <other> It becomes a very dull remote control , I know . 

A:  Maybe we should look at an  uh focus on another uh  

A:  uh maybe not not all that fancy , but just way way more easy uh uh um basic 

C:  but that's not what uh has been asked . 

A:  Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device . Definitely not , no . 

C:  because if we evaluate it , we we can also determine if our objectives are good . 

B:  just <other> give it a two . 

D:  was it innovative ? 

A:  we are evaluating this this uh design now . This prototype . 

C:  I think uh it's a two . 

D:  Is it easy to use ? 

A:  so it will be a two point five . 

D:  <laugh> Is it easy to find ? <laugh> 

B:  we haven't re uh re uh really worked it out , 

A:  but I personally give it a one . 

A:  The feel of the remote control is spongy . 

D:  and make this a one point five . 

A:  The remote control offers enough features . 

A:  I'll give it uh a one . For for the  for this t uh type of market , I think it's a one . 

C:  I I've  I think we've uh succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good , but not for this kind of market , and not for this kind of price . 

A:  But <other> whether or not our clients are are um willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is  well , is not sure . 

D:  Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced . 

C:  it's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality . 

A:  Um you had an overall rating . Um  

C:  it's it's about one point five . Something like that . 

A:  we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation . About the project itself , not about the product . 

B:  <laugh> The process was good . 

C:  We had we had too little information actually . 

C:  looking at room for creativity , there was w way too  the the choice of components was way too narrow . 

C:  in the first meeting we we already were very creative . 

A:  Uh leadership . 

B:  Fantastic . <laugh> 

C:  I think we're a good team . 

A:  the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ? 

C:  but SMARTboard was really bad . 

C:  <other> Uh . The digital pen was okay , 

A:  although I would like to see um O_C_R_ . 

C:  But I think it's a great solution for uh for uh a known problem , uh writing down some notes , some some inf uh information , and then um forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information . 

C:  I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big . 

A:  I missed a feature to easily select uh a slide and uh distribute it to the laptops . 

C:  The drawing cap capabilities are very limited . 

A:  we need to redesign uh the product . 

C:  I think we we we all know what the redesign should be . 

C:  it's it's it's another approach , 

A:  Although I think we  yeah , but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people 

A:  uh by giving it another colour already . 

D:  Is it ? Is it fancy ? 

A:  I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh , hey Roo uh  . <laugh> Um  

