B:  we uh  we will wait for Anna , a few minutes . 
C:  I think you can put anywhere you want , actually . 
C:  It's not a directional mic , anyway . 
B:  So I will try to get my presentation running . 
D:  Can't help you with that . 
C:  Alt F_ five . 
B:  Doesn't appear on the screen here . 
D:  It's working <laugh> . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Offer Inform Suggest Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The meeting begins with the group trying to resolve some equipment issues and waiting for Anna's arrival.

B:  Welcome at uh  at the kick off meeting of our uh latest project . 
B:  w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here . 
B:  Um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other . 
B:  See what our roles are in this project . 
B:  We have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uh  to communicate and to well , learn from each other's plans 
B:  w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools 
B:  Um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan . 
B:  You all know I hope <laugh> how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design . 
B:  Uh then we will uh discuss 
B:  and uh  wh what uh what our new product should look lite  like . 
descriptions: Be-Positive Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion 
abst_sum - abstract: Then the project manager introduces the meeting by saying they have some technical tools with which to communicate so they will try to get acquainted with them first.

B:  basically this is about a uh a new c remote control . Um  
B:  When you design a new product you of  uh you of course want it to be original . 
B:  we want to be distinguished , 
B:  So it needs to be trendy . 
B:  People uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think , well that's the product I I need . 
B:  But then , uh , it also should work uh user friendly 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: He starts talking about the product they are to design, a remote control which should be original, trendy, and user-friendly.

B:  the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase . Um  
B:  You all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase 
B:  and uh then we will meet again 
B:  and uh discuss this functional design . 
B:  And the same holds for the uh ph two phases uh after this , the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design 
B:  in which the the final project should get its definite shape . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The general outline of the project will be the functional, conceptual, and detailed design.

B:  but first we will do some uh tool training . 
B:  and we have here a a  a  a white-board . 
B:  I've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar . 
B:  I didn't find out yet how it work , 
D:  Under documents in the shared folder . 
B:  I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh . 
D:  I guess we'll have a shared folder uh with documents that we can share . 
B:  now we will try out the white-board we have here . 
D:  Each of us is going . 
B:  I  <laugh> I'm not really sure how this works , but  
D:  shall I start ? 
A:  I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard , 
A:  but they'll be recording what we write down . 
B:  Maybe  maybe Anna , maybe you can start . 
B:  Why don't you draw uh <laugh> your favourite animal on on th on the white-board . 
A:  it's a dog . 
C:  It's a horse . 
A:  <laugh> A blue and black zebra <laugh> . 
B:  That's  that's definitely a cat . 
D:  it's a shark , 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Offer Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They do some tool training by trying out the whiteboard, and each person draws his/her favorite animal on it.

B:  <laugh> Let's continue to uh  to the real stuff . 
B:  Um our project uh finance uh thing . 
B:  Uh when we are  and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros , 
B:  more interesting for our company <laugh> of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million Euro . 
B:  to get at a international market 
B:  Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
C:  They have to sell at least four million to make a profit <laugh> 
B:  I think w when we are working on the international market , uh in principle it has enough customers 
B:  And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control 
B:  and uh well keep in mind this this first point , it has to be original , 
B:  it has to be trendy , 
B:  it has to be user friendly . 
B:  Um , maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control . 
C:  Of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> 
B:  i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control . 
C:  We are targ targeting the television set . 
C:  <other> You need to browse the  browse the channels in upward downward way , 
C:  you need to record the channels . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager proceeds to talk about the project finance, which is followed by a group discussion about what functions a good remote control has.

C:  Of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> 
C:  <other> You need to browse the  browse the channels in upward downward way , 
C:  you need to record the channels . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: This includes the basics such as on/off, channel up/down browsing, volume and record button(s).

D:  And uh just before starting the detailed discussion , maybe we 
D:  are the marketing guy ? Or  
A:  . I'm marketing 
D:  And you are in the u use user interface uh design . 
D:  And I I'm the the industrial designer 
C:  I'm Matthew . You know . <laugh> 
D:  Mael . 
A:  . Anna 
B:  A and I'm Nanne . 
B:  Are there some other very important things to to do  well , 
B:  the browse function , as you m mentioned . 
C:  And uh , you'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel 
descriptions: Fragment Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: At this point they clarify their names and roles in the group and then resume talking about remote control functions.

C:  Today we have uh um teletext and all those things . 
C:  Tomorrow you might have a some more functions 
C:  For example personal video recorder and all those stuffs are coming up . 
A:  . But we can't really design for something that hasn't been invented yet 
B:  Uh w y you two should  should , I think , think this over uh w espec what , what functionality . 
D:  and first before um designing the func 
D:  thinking about the functionalities , we need to know what are the user requirements . 
A:  . But  Ninety percent of the time , ninety nine percent of the time , people will be using the main functions , the volume , the different channels 
A:  so we can have all the fancy things as 
A:  well but the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use 
B:  Mm mm mm . Keep k keep in mind i it's a  it's a twenty five Euro unit , 
B:  so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out , I think . 
B:  twenty five Euro you expect a quite , well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control . 
C:  So we need some numbering buttons , some teletext things 
D:  the main is browsing . Yeah . 
B:  but but but ab about the spec the buttons , the buttons uh that will be on it . I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Fragment Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: They discuss some functions such as a personal video recorder, but say it is probable that they cannot produce a fancy device given their budget.

B:  Uh I would like to get this wrapped up 
B:  you know now the basic  the basic things . 
B:  just  just for the next meeting , um 
B:  well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design , 
B:  I mean  so w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions . 
B:  Um you will be working on  on technical function design , so  
B:  And uh you  and you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements , 
B:  Does it need internet , 
B:  or or do do we stay at 
B:  basic basic television uh interface . 
B:  and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication . 
B:  next meeting will be in uh  in thirty minutes uh . 
descriptions: Offer Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Assessment Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what he/she will be working on.

B:  well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design , 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - action: The interface designer will work on a general design.

B:  Um you will be working on  on technical function design , so  
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will work on the technica function design.

B:  And uh you  and you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements , 
descriptions: Suggest 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will think about user requirements.

B:  Uh when we are  and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The selling price of the product will be about twenty five Euros each.

B:  Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The production cost will be twelve Euros and fifty cents.

B:  more interesting for our company <laugh> of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million Euro . 
B:  to get at a international market 
descriptions: Inform Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The profit will be about fifty million Euro.
-The remote will target an international market.

C:  We are targ targeting the television set . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be for use with the television set.

C:  Of course it should have a on off button . <laugh> 
C:  <other> You need to browse the  browse the channels in upward downward way , 
C:  you need to record the channels . 
B:  the browse function , as you m mentioned . 
C:  And uh , you'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The necessary buttons are on/off, channel up/down browsing, volume, and record button(s).

B:  Mm mm mm . Keep k keep in mind i it's a  it's a twenty five Euro unit , 
B:  so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out , I think . 
B:  twenty five Euro you expect a quite , well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control . 
B:  but but but ab about the spec the buttons , the buttons uh that will be on it . I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: They have not decided what functions the remote can have, but they have discussed that they may not be able to produce something extremely fancy with the given budget.

D:  and first before um designing the func 
D:  thinking about the functionalities , we need to know what are the user requirements . 
descriptions: Fragment Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: They will need to examine user requirements before deciding on what functionalities are necessary.

