C:  Okay . 
D:  Or you get it . Okay . 
C:  No I don't think so it has to be like that yeah and you have to adjust the length . Okay , and then . 
B:  <cough> So we uh  we will wait for Anna , a few minutes . 
C:  Yeah , s yeah , um . 
D:  <laugh> Mm <other> . Yours is well  <other> 
C:  I think you can put anywhere you want , actually . 
D:  Yeah but the the mic should not  
C:  I thin It's not a directional mic , anyway . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  I think it should work like this . So I will try to get my presentation running . 
C:  Uh . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Mm . Can't help you with that . 
C:  Last . 
B:  It's no matter . 
D:  Okay , it's y yeah . 
B:  No problem . Ah yes . 
D:  Right . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  Then press uh al 
C:  Okay . 
D:  This . You know ? 
B:  I don't know . Just try . 
C:  'Kay . 
B:  On this normal  
D:  Oh oh . 
C:  Alt F_ five . 
B:  Good . Doesn't appear on the screen here . 
D:  <laugh> Right well  
B:  Oh . 
D:  Wow . Amazing . It's working <laugh> . 
B:  Okay . Thank you . <other> Uh . 
A:  Hold that . 
B:  Yes and you can put can clip it uh on your  
A:  Okay . 
B:  Somewhere . 
A:  Okay . Mm . 
B:  So , <laugh> good morning , everyone . Um  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Welcome at uh  at the kick off meeting of our uh latest project . I hope you all have been uh updated about it . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Good . 
C:  So . Yes . 


B:  So w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here . Um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other . See what our roles are in this project . 
C:  <cough> 
B:  So , um  We have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uh  to communicate and to well , learn from each other's plans uh as I can say um so w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools so they are also new to me I don't know whether you worked with them before . Um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan . You all know I hope <laugh> how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Total . 
B:  Uh then we will uh discuss uh , well , how it should be and uh  wh what uh what our new product should look lite  like . And uh well then uh after some twenty five minutes I hope uh we can end this meeting . 


B:  So . Um basically this is about a uh a new c remote control . Um  We  When you design a new product you of  uh you of course want it to be original . Be uh  we want to be distinguished , mm ? People uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think , well that's the product I I need . So it needs to be trendy . I mean trendy is what people want , so then I w they will buy our product . But then , uh , it also should work uh user friendly and uh otherwise people uh uh well it will not be uh be rated very well in consumer uh articles and like that . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  So , the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase . Um  You all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase and uh then we will meet again and uh discuss this functional design . And the same holds for the uh 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  ph two phases uh after this , the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design in which the the final project should get its definite shape . 


B:  Alright , but first we will do some uh tool training . In all in front of you uh you see uh the uh notebooks and w uh n note blocks and we have here a a  a  a white-board . 
C:  Whitebo 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  And um well it should work uh  I've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar . I didn't find out yet how it work , but maybe one of you did , so  Um  
D:  Under documents in the shared folder . Okay . 
B:  Yes . Do  Do we have to say something about that ? I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh . 
D:  Yeah , I guess we'll have a shared folder uh with documents that we can share . And uh , yeah . 
B:  Yes well we will then find out ho how it works . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  Um . Well , this seems to me , yes , some computer program but I didn't find it yet . So , we'll come to that later . So , uh now we will try out the white-board we have here . So , I would suggest uh  
D:  Each of us is going . 
B:  Well , yes , um we uh we should try to t to draw on it and then well it should be smart some way . I  <laugh> I'm not really sure how this works , but  
D:  Okay , shall I start ? 
A:  Mm . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , you can start it you know . 
B:  Yes , a good idea Mael . 
A:  I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard , but they'll be recording what we write down . 
D:  So , i 
C:  No they will record through that . There's a sensor over there which is going to record the strokes that you make . 
A:  Mm . Mm . But for us it's just like a normal whiteboard . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  'Kay . 
C:  <cough> 
D:  But it's  
A:  <laugh> 
D:  Actually , I think I cannot go with uh  
B:  You  you  D doesn't it work ? Maybe someo Maybe  maybe Anna , maybe you can start . Then he can maybe find out to get his cord right . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  I have to draw . 
B:  So um  


D:  Yeah , exactly , yeah . 
A:  . Mm-hmm 
D:  Wow . 
B:  Um our project uh finance uh thing . Uh when we are  and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros , so when designing a project uh I also look at you uh Mael , keep in mind uh uh uh  People uh 
C:  Twenty four . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  want to get the feeling this is a twenty five Euro project uh pr um 
D:  Per remote control , yeah ? Per project . 
B:  product . 
A:  . Mm 
B:  Yes . Okay . Um more interesting for our company <laugh> of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million Euro . So we have to sell uh quite a lot of this uh <other> um things . Uh we will try to uh 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  to get at a international market uh so um it will be I think mainly Europe and uh Northern America , 
C:  Ah yeah , the sale man , four million . 
B:  maybe some uh Asian countries . Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
D:  <other> So it's half of the selling price , if I am good in mathematics . 
B:  Yes , of course . Uh um I mean we still have to uh to make a profit , huh ? 
D:  Of course . 
C:  They have to sell at least four million to make a profit <laugh> 
A:  . Mm . 
B:  You all have to be paid . 
A:  <other> Mm 
C:  Ah we have to make  we have to sell at least four million to make our own profit . Fifty mill 
B:  Excuse me ? 
D:  Oh you're g very good in mathematics . <laugh> Four million . 
A:  . Yes . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Yes , indeed . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  So uh well I think w when we are working on the international market , uh in principle it has enough customers uh so when we have a good product we uh we could uh meet this this aim , I think . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  So , that about finance . 




B:  well just  just for the next meeting , um well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design , keep it general , I mean  so w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions . So  
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um you will be working on  on technical function design , so  
C:  Yeah , sure . 
B:  And uh you  and you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements , eh ? Does it need internet , or or do do we stay at 
A:  . Mm-hmm 
C:  Stam . 
B:  basic basic television uh interface . 
A:  . Yeah 
B:  So , uh I think we should now all go work uh uh at this and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication . 
A:  . Mm-hmm . Yeah 
C:  Okay . 
B:  So next meeting will be in uh  in thirty minutes uh . K keep it in mind . 
D:  Perfect . 


