B:  <other> Um well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project . 
B:  so we're designing a new remote control and um  
B:  Um , as you can see it's supposed to be original , trendy and user friendly . 
B:  Um and so there are three different stages to the design . 
B:  So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it . 
B:  And repeat that process three times . 
B:  <laugh> So uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it . 
D:  My favourite animal is like  
D:  A beagle . 
D:  Uh , right , well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family . 
D:  And , yeah that they have lots of personality 
C:  Well , my favourite animal would be a monkey . 
C:  Then they're small cute and furry , 
A:  and I kind of like whales . 
A:  They come in and go <sound imitating devouring something> eat everything in sight . <laugh> 
B:  M my favourite animal is my own dog at home . 
B:  Um he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you , 

B:  Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro , 
B:  And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros , so fifty percent of the selling price . 
D:  but selling price is  is that wholesale or retail ? 
B:  I imagine it probably is our sale actually 
B:  because it's probably up to the the um the retailer to uh sell it for whatever price they want . Um . 
B:  I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all ? 
B:  Like how much does , you know , a remote control cost . 
B:  Well twenty five Euro , I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something , 
D:  thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or  
B:  so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you . Um . 

D:  um as well as uh characters , 
D:  um different uh keypad styles and s symbols . 
D:  Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh , like with D_V_D_ players , if there are zones . 
A:  'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages , then you need more buttons . 
D:  I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region , whereas in another it'll be different , so  
D:  thinking , 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic , 
B:  But yeah , I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky . 
B:  So extra functionalities . 
D:  So , like , I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market , 
D:  so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses  
B:  Right , so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control d you know , 
B:  do your your satellite and your regular telly and your V_C_R_ and everything ? 
D:  maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots . 
B:  W You get those ones where you can , if you like , whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep . 
D:  Maybe we could think about how , could be more , you know , streamlined . S 
B:  Maybe like a touch screen or something ? 
D:  Or whatever would be technologically reasonable . 
B:  I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it , 
A:  I think one factor would be production cost . 

B:  Um so inbetween now and then , um as the industrial designer , you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it 

B:  Um for user interface , technical functions , 

B:  Um and uh marketing executive , 
B:  you'll be just thinking about what it actually  what , you know , what requirements it has to has to fulfil 

B:  Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro , 
B:  Well twenty five Euro , I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something , 

B:  I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all ? 
D:  Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh , like with D_V_D_ players , if there are zones . 

B:  And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros , so fifty percent of the selling price . 

D:  are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television ? 
D:  Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features ? 
B:  So extra functionalities . 
D:  so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses  

