A:  I just got a email from the from the personal coach 
A:  and it should be a T_V_ remote control only . 
A:  it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly . 
A:  All these points uh we have to look at . 
A:  The um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people . 
A:  So we have to look at that as well . 
A:  'Specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons or something , 
B:  So make it just a different colour or different shape , 

D:  I've used a marketing report on uh the site . 
D:  Uh I think you've uh read it too . 
D:  Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site . 
A:  I didn't get it uh anyway . 
D:  I I was the only one who get it . 
D:  it was uh uh uh um um <other> a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users . 
D:  And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof . 
D:  I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings . 
D:  Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly . 
D:  so we have to make a beautiful remote control . 
D:  Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy . 
D:  Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good . 
D:  Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at . 
D:  Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot . 
D:  I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons . 
A:  The last point is quite an interesting  <laugh> 
D:  fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . 
D:  And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one , 
A:  we should have the ten percent on the on the top , 
D:  Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . 
D:  That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something . 
D:  Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system , 
D:  so when you <claps twice> clap your hands it will beep or something . 
D:  Uh you must find it uh quickly . 
B:  Uh . Maybe just a button on the home station . 
B:  So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station . 
D:  we can uh combine that . 
D:  Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control . 
D:  Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this . 
D:  It's only uh th thirty four of the <other> thirty four percent . 
D:  But it's uh a tough one . 
D:  Uh next , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . 
D:  Because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we we c uh this is so difficult , uh a difficulty I think . 
D:  Yeah , but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something . 
D:  Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point . 
D:  Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets , like uh speech recognition . 
D:  We didn't uh think about that already . 
D:  And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control . 
D:  Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features . 
D:  but they're more critical . 
D:  And older people uh want to spend uh more money . 
D:  I have my personal uh preference . 
D:  that's <laugh> not very good , 
D:  because I thought about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ . 
D:  But it's already out of the question , this . 
D:  Um my point is , well , I <other>  If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros . 
D:  On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything . 
D:  so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special . 
D:  I told about the home station . 
D:  Uh it must be simple , 
D:  And I I found a motto . 
D:  And we put the fashion in electronics . 
D:  <other> The company is about our uh th th their own fashion , their own style . 
A:  But old people are not looking for that . 
C:  I think the main thing is the usability , that's where we can uh make it a special product . 
B:  'cause there are already , like you said , so many controls out that support lot of stuff . 
B:  But we have to make sure that we're better usability , 

A:  we have uh a new uh age of forty plus . 
D:  But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients ? 
A:  so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control , 
D:  I I think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , 
D:  because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros . 

B:  Technical functions design . 
B:  But um we have elderly people , 
B:  so we need to keep it simple . 
B:  Not too full , 
B:  like uh Jens already said , only ten percent is being used . 
A:  what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or  
B:  But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff . 
B:  the options that we put on there should be easy to use , 
B:  and 'cause you have more room then , 
B:  and for elderly people big buttons . 
B:  Uh an icon on it or text on it , 
B:  so it's very clear what that buttons does . 
B:  Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet 
B:  Of functions I could think of . Uh volume , channels , the the basic according to  . Just one two three etcetera . Uh text service options . Um basic on-off . 
B:  play , pause . I dunno if that's usable 
B:  miss  Did I miss any other buttons , basic buttons ? 
A:  that's the only th the only thing you need . 
C:  Uh uh the p uh next and previous . 
C:  Li like a web browser , 
B:  Six seven eight or five . 
C:  But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before . 
C:  Like a web browser back button . 
A:  but I think it's all too difficult for old people . <laugh> 
B:  just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time . 
B:  I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons . 
B:  Yeah , the ten plus button . 
B:  Just uh one one pressing , or quickly after each other . 
C:  w wouldn't it be a problem to uh  Because you h have to be fast enough . 
B:  But I think that's in the T_V_ as well . That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it . 
B:  So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons . 
D:  It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . 
B:  So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . 
B:  Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu . 
B:  So you also need a menu button . 
B:  And then uh navigation uh  
B:  But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next , 
C:  I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things , and uh the menu button . 
C:  Because you n almost never use menu button . 
A:  Maybe it's still still a good idea , I'm not sure . 
A:  You'll also have to use a mute button 
A:  I don't know where where you have to put it . 
B:  now my personal preferences . 
B:  Uh using the standards , basic  
B:  Um I think that we should stand out uh unique , being unique with the design . 
B:  So we have to , I dunno , uh make a different shape than usual . 
A:  Does it have to be  Uh it has to be uh with different colours 
D:  Maybe we can give it out in different colours . 
A:  It's like a iMac or something . 
D:  That's fa That's fancy . That's uh fashion . 
A:  But it looks cheap as well , 
A:  because it's a small thing . 
B:  maybe you can look at uh mobile phones . 
B:  They they're uh designed very well . 
B:  You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small , 'cause then you will always lo always lose it . 
B:  But uh well , I think that's a good example . 

B:  Could I think of favourites ? 
B:  I always look up the same um pages on text 
B:  and always have to click the number . 
B:  But if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button 
C:  but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel . 
C:  So you might as well remember the number . 
A:  Maybe i maybe it's too complicated , 
B:  I would find it handy , I think , when you just press one button and you get on six six six . 
C:  But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button ? 
A:  If I use my telephone , I never use those buttons to to to call 
A:  If I don't do it , maybe old people  <laugh> 
B:  They don't like new features . 
B:  Right . 

C:  the working design . 
C:  The method I used is uh search the web . Just the web page provided . 
C:  Um basically what happens is you press a button , 
C:  uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , uh like a switch . 
C:  And by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed . 
C:  Then the chip produces a pattern . Like a Morse code 
C:  And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_ . 
C:  Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light . 
C:  And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_ . 
A:  we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it ? 
B:  Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting ? 
A:  Red's l shows up like something's wrong , 
A:  and green is like it's okay , 
C:  on most uh uh remote controls it's red . 
C:  Um the energy source is uh the battery , basically . 
C:  Um that's connecting to all the components . 
C:  the subcomponent is uh w I I think it is uh the button pressed . 
C:  when you press a button , a switch get closed . 
C:  So the chip knows what button you pressed . 
C:  And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb . 
A:  So that's the LED , L_E_D_ . 

A:  The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons . 
C:  <laugh> I I think uh the batteries will be uh <laugh> a little  
A:  we have a recharger in it , 
A:  If we can still make that then  <laugh> 
B:  It's just to indicate something's on . 
C:  That it's working . 
A:  we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one . 
D:  Uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . 
A:  Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . 
A:  So you see green if you push that button . 
D:  Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then . 
A:  But does it make any difference for the energy you use ? 
B:  i it it will look different , 
D:  Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons ? 
B:  Yeah , w around the buttons , or in the buttons even . 
A:  The same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ? 
A:  It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much . 
A:  Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well . 
A:  It's only few LEDs . Only four or something . Four LED . 
B:  But if we use a battery station , 
A:  Yeah , that's a good idea , okay . 

C:  And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern . 
C:  So we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . 
C:  So that it can be used with all the T_V_s . 
C:  We have to really understand what patterns are used , 
C:  Otherwise it won't work . 
B:  we have to uh make buttons for that as well , 
C:  The chip um uh is producing the pattern . 
C:  So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to  
D:  An automatically search function for each television , or something . 
C:  I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works . 
B:  I I use a universal uh remote control , 
B:  And you have to put in a number , 
D:  I have a modern one . 
D:  And the modern one you you uh you type uh search , 
D:  And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . 
D:  And then you know , oh it it's the right one . 
C:  We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one . 
C:  That's uh when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern . 
C:  But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different . 
C:  what you have to do is uh get these patterns right . 
C:  What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern , this chip , uh is trying to switch off the television . 
C:  And when it's uh switched off , you can push a button as uh it's working now , 
C:  And then he saves that setting 

A:  And um the the forty plus people , I already told you . 
A:  Oh , this is a problem . 
A:  Oh sorry about that . 
A:  The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . 
A:  So it should be flashy or just more interesting . 
B:  that's  It changes things . 
A:  I just I just didn't read it well . 
C:  That kinda changes the whole situation . 
B:  then we have to make some nice features . 
B:  I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way , 
B:  to make it more like a mobile phone . More modern . 

D:  L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think . 
B:  And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control , 
C:  I I don't y you'll use it often , 
C:  because you can see on the television wh what channel you  
C:  I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular . 
C:  because the  Like in the mobile phones , usability is not that good I think . 
D:  But uh some of you had uh something to read about um <other> uh speech uh recognition . 
B:  <laugh> Yeah , I tho I think that's not usable . 
D:  That's very  That's fancy . That's cool . 
D:  Only the numbers , only numbers . Uh furthermore nothing . But only the numbers , one to twenty or something . 
A:  Yeah , maybe we have to integrate that as well . If it's possible . 
A:  I don't think it's very expensive actually . 
D:  I didn't have information about that . 
C:  And and and does it have to work only in English , or in Dutch too or  
D:  that's a problem , 
D:  Uh only in English . Only in English I think . 
C:  it's probably my job to figure that out , 
B:  Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever 
D:  then th we have to think about that . 
A:  Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that . 
A:  We have short time to to put it on the market , 
D:  In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing . 
B:  I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . 
D:  A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke , and the T_V_ turns uh to one . 
B:  And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one , or something . Not just one , 
D:  Okay , no speech recognition . 

A:  Do we , do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything ? 
B:  Yeah , I think so . 
A:  If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , 
B:  It lights up when it's dark ? 
A:  If you push something , it it all lights up . 
D:  it it mustn't work all the time . 
D:  It uh uh it have to work only when you use it . 
D:  if you use one button , it must turn uh on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off . 
A:  It's the same as the telephone . Yeah . 
A:  Uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . 
A:  but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . 
B:  Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something . 
A:  Because you ne almost never use it . 
C:  but younger people I think um more often use the internet 
C:  and elderly people often use teletext . 
D:  I use te teletext every day , I think . 
B:  And I think , uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons , 
A:  we just keep it one level then ? 

D:  Trendwatching . 
A:  you know what you have to do . 

A:  you know what you have to do . 
D:  Trendwatching . 

A:  so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control , 
D:  I I think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , 
B:  <laugh> Yeah , I tho I think that's not usable . 
B:  I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . 
D:  Okay , no speech recognition . 

A:  we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one . 
D:  Uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . 
A:  Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . 
B:  Yeah , I think so . 
A:  If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , 
A:  It's the same as the telephone . Yeah . 

None

A:  We definitely should use it . Um  
A:  Uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . 
A:  but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . 
D:  I use te teletext every day , I think . 
A:  we just keep it one level then ? 

A:  And um the the forty plus people , I already told you . 
A:  Oh , this is a problem . 
A:  Oh sorry about that . 
A:  The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . 
A:  So it should be flashy or just more interesting . 
B:  that's  It changes things . 
C:  That kinda changes the whole situation . 
B:  then we have to make some nice features . 
C:  but younger people I think um more often use the internet 
C:  and elderly people often use teletext . 

D:  that's <laugh> not very good , 
D:  because I thought about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ . 
D:  But it's already out of the question , this . 
D:  Um my point is , well , I <other>  If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros . 

D:  It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . 
B:  So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . 
C:  So we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . 
C:  So that it can be used with all the T_V_s . 
C:  We have to really understand what patterns are used , 
C:  Otherwise it won't work . 
B:  we have to uh make buttons for that as well , 
C:  So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to  
D:  An automatically search function for each television , or something . 
C:  I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works . 
B:  I I use a universal uh remote control , 
B:  And you have to put in a number , 
D:  I have a modern one . 
D:  And the modern one you you uh you type uh search , 
D:  And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . 
D:  And then you know , oh it it's the right one . 

