A:  we're going to talk about the conceptual model . 
A:  I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute .  
A:  we just talked about it looks . 
A:  Has to look nice . 
A:  Usability is very important . 
A:  People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones . Um  
A:  It has to be very basic , 
A:  not too many buttons . 
A:  Light switches on if you use a button . 
A:  Uh text T_V_ still has to be a possibility . 
A:  And it has to be easy to learn . 
A:  And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . 

A:  I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh presentation 
D:  I received an email  
D:  uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . 
D:  It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in uh another country in Europe , 
D:  Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . 
D:  So it's very important for us to create something new . 
D:  Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . 
D:  Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . 
D:  It uh is twice important as the following . <other> 
D:  The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative . 
D:  Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . 
D:  And then uh that uh  This is a point of discussion , 
D:  because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition . 
A:  But we already have the flashing flashing light 
D:  Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . 
D:  We already discussed that . 
D:  Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy . 
D:  So I took uh that part of the webpage . 
D:  And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari <other> uh France and uh Italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends . 
D:  This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . 
D:  But it's about uh clothes and shoes . 
D:  But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . 
B:  Spongy , like sponge . 
C:  So rubber , kind of . 
B:  Uh soft materials . 
A:  But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , 
A:  because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . 
D:  But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . 
D:  it's also a stress-ball . 
D:  Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , 
D:  I think about changeable fronts . 
D:  Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . 
D:  And uh some basic uh colour fronts . 
D:  Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . <other> 
D:  just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . 
D:  We have to discuss about that . 
D:  Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . 
D:  how do we do that ? 
D:  Maybe speech ? 
D:  We ma must have some kind of gadget . 

D:  Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . 
D:  Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . 
D:  So it's very important for us to create something new . 
D:  Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . 

D:  But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . 
B:  Spongy , like sponge . 
C:  So rubber , kind of . 
B:  Uh soft materials . 
A:  But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , 
A:  because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . 
D:  But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . 
D:  it's also a stress-ball . 

A:  <other> It's very uh difficult to to to do it . 
A:  Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control . 
D:  that's the problem . That's the main problem . 
D:  Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations . 
C:  actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . 
C:  But maybe it's cheap 
C:  and it's easy to implement . 
B:  if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well . 
B:  Since you have to uh configure speech thing . 
A:  But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . 
B:  We have to decide on that . 
C:  I got an email uh  
C:  And it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . 
C:  They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . 
C:  And this is more expensive than all the other chips . 
B:  And speech recognition ? 
C:  Yeah , probably too . 
C:  I I haven't got anything about speech recognition , 

B:  I had uh to make a sort of a design . 
B:  I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls . 
B:  So I did some searching on the internet . 
B:  This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . 
B:  I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones . 
A:  just modern modern but still uh basic . 
B:  Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 
B:  'Cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out  both sides . 
B:  And here you just have one , few buttons . 
B:  uh I definitely think we should go like this . 
B:  And then changeable fonts , 
B:  It's the most important part , I think . 
B:  And the home base is something like that , something simple . 
B:  and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . 
B:  Uh basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , I dunno . Text buttons . 
B:  And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . 
B:  I don't find it very usable , 
B:  and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . 
B:  They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And uh f above ten . <other> 
C:  That's on on the display . 
B:  That th there is no display there . 
B:  But it's on the place of the display . 
B:  And I think we should uh light this up much more than that part . 
B:  my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . 
B:  if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we  I don't think we should put it on top then . 
B:  I think that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open . 
B:  if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . 

B:  So you don't see all the buttons you else need . 
A:  <cough> But it sounds very difficult to use . 
A:  Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . 
A:  So you can't use your thumb for it . 
B:  here we have also side scrolls . 
B:  I dunno if we can use that . Do we want to use  
A:  for volume . For volume , or a channel . 
B:  then we can even simplify it more . 
B:  By just putting the volume on the side . 
B:  And and just channel buttons here . 
C:  The channel buttons are often used . 
C:  And you can't use them now with your thumb , 
C:  m maybe we cho should put that on top , 
C:  and buttons we we don't use on , in the bottom . 
A:  Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom . 
B:  You mean uh these to the low ? 
A:  Except from the on-off button . 
C:  But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . 
C:  So maybe we can put that on the bottom . 
B:  I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top . 
B:  <other> I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . 
C:  I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . 
C:  But uh we we can switch those two , 

C:  the component design . 
C:  I looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge . 
C:  this was on the web site . 
C:  If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So flashy kinda colours . 
C:  Uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not  Nothing square-like . 
B:  iPod is trendy . 
B:  And it is well curved  square . 
C:  we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing . 
C:  And um sports and gaming device style characteristics . 

A:  we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the <laugh> remote control . 
A:  the colours also . 
A:  So we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow . 
A:  Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black . 
C:  because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public . 
A:  Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front . 
B:  Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So  
C:  Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue 
A:  Still still transparent . 
B:  Yeah . But with all with logo on it . 
C:  But anyways uh it should be transparent . 
B:  Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . 
A:  Just give five with them , just in a box . <laugh> Five different  
C:  but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . 

C:  Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft . 
A:  It it could be like a Nokia , like  plastic . 
C:  With the hard hard buttons . 
B:  I think uh rubber really has an odd look . 
D:  The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the <other> uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself . 
D:  it don't come out of the <other> on the background . 
C:  it's it's all on one level . 
C:  So that should be hard plastic . 
A:  But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . 
A:  basic remote control from normal plastic , 
A:  the rounds of it from softer s 
C:  The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . 
C:  And back light L_E_D_s . 
C:  but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . 
C:  And in green colour , the back lights 
A:  Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something . 

C:  But I think we have to make the case transparent , 
B:  Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh  
C:  Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in . 
A:  We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? 
B:  Re recharger . Base station . 
C:  uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . 
C:  and and we can use the home station kind of thing . 
A:  It's just batteries , 
A:  It's dark in the room . 
C:  But you mostly use it indoors , 
C:  Or we can also use solar cells . 
C:  Um for the energy source we can use batteries 
C:  or a kinetic uh  Like with the pulse watch . 
C:  Um cases , 
C:  flat , so uncurved . 
C:  Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back . 
C:  And three D_ curved is also in depth . 
C:  Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . 
C:  So we can't use the flat buttons . 
C:  Um these kinda materials can be used . 
A:  we just make it plastic . 
C:  And uh the L_C_D_ . 
C:  we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ . 
A:  I don't think that's an opportunity . 
C:  Uh are are we using a a rubber case , 
B:  Uh I don't think a rubber case looks  
D:  The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . 
B:  fruit and veg can be just the covers . 
B:  I can't imagine a soft remote control . 
C:  Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive . 
C:  just hard plastic ? 
A:  Not the sh the square form . 
C:  you can make it curved or mm round . 
C:  But just in two D_ , not in depth . 
A:  more rounded . 
A:  So the energy uh is the recharger . 
A:  We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . 
A:  Just a normal battery . 
A:  the case is just a plastic one . 
C:  Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . 
A:  And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .  

B:  Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . 
A:  That's for the next one . 
A:  But you definitely get a specific instruction . <laugh> 
A:  But th think about something that's more rounded . 
A:  Yeah , five . Let's give five . 

C:  Like a very big scroll-wheel . <other> 
A:  but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it . 
C:  I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted . 
B:  maybe you just have to make it uh  That's not scrollable too easy . 
C:  Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . 
A:  It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . 
B:  I think uh zapping is the highest priority . 
C:  Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , 
C:  But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . 
C:  So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time . 
D:  we have to care that it r uh looks really new . 
D:  Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control . 
D:  'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside . 
C:  but i i it should be round in in shape . 
B:  If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo . 
B:  You have to look at that image of the iPod . 
D:  Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? 
B:  Maybe you can buy separate ones 
D:  uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . 
A:  y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? 
A:  you could put it like that , 
C:  so top down . 
C:  Do we have to design that w as well ? 
C:  The docking station ? 
B:  But th Yeah , that can be very simple . Least . 
C:  But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well . 
A:  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . 
C:  As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes . 
C:  but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . 
C:  I dunno . I dunno if it's handy . 
B:   I think it will only look more like the old remote controls . 
A:  we have to make a decision , 
A:  what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have . 
B:  I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . 
B:  So uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours . 
B:  And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . 
A:  And you have the scroll button inside . 
B:  Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player . 
B:  No rubber buttons or something . 
A:  But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? 
B:  Doesn't have to be . 
C:  though that's a trend . If we want to make it . 
A:  I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . 
C:  I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff . 
A:  Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction . 
A:  We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . 
B:  do we s keep that ? 
A:  But you'd definitely need a 
A:  advanced chip . 
C:  And we we have to build in a microphone 
C:  I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , 
A:  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , 
A:  Probably we need a uh advanced chip then . 
D:  But we don't have any f information about the cost . 
C:  Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip . 
B:  our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . 
B:  This is a very small electronic unit , 
B:  will give a standard answer after it recognise a question . 
B:  Just  You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample . 
B:  it works like uh good morning remote control , 
B:  and then the remote control says good morning . 
B:  that's integrated in the chip , 
B:  but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well . 
B:  it it would be would be a good feature feature . 

B:  Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . 
A:  That's for the next one . 

None

A:  for volume . For volume , or a channel . 
B:  here we have also side scrolls . 
A:  The scroll wheels , that's cool . 
A:  That's for the volume . 

A:  Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction . 

A:  We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? 
B:  Re recharger . Base station . 
C:  uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . 
C:  and and we can use the home station kind of thing . 
A:  So the energy uh is the recharger . 
A:  Just a normal battery . 

A:  It it could be like a Nokia , like  plastic . 
C:  With the hard hard buttons . 
C:  So that should be hard plastic . 
A:  we just make it plastic . 
C:  just hard plastic ? 
A:  the case is just a plastic one . 

A:  I don't think that's an opportunity . 

C:  But just in two D_ , not in depth . 
A:  more rounded . 
C:  but i i it should be round in in shape . 
B:  You have to look at that image of the iPod . 
A:  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . 
A:  I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . 

D:  Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? 
A:  Yeah , five . Let's give five . 

A:  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , 
A:  Probably we need a uh advanced chip then . 
B:  it it would be would be a good feature feature . 

C:  actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . 
A:  <other> It's very uh difficult to to to do it . 
C:  But maybe it's cheap 
C:  and it's easy to implement . 
B:  if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well . 
B:  You mean uh these to the low ? 
C:  But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . 
A:  Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom . 
C:  m maybe we cho should put that on top , 
C:  Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . 
B:  maybe you just have to make it uh  That's not scrollable too easy . 
A:  It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . 
C:  Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , 
C:  But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . 
B:   I think it will only look more like the old remote controls . 
C:  but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . 
A:  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . 
A:  I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . 
A:  But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? 
A:  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , 
A:  We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . 
B:  do we s keep that ? 
B:  it it would be would be a good feature feature . 

