A:  I'd uh like to welcome you to our first meeting . 
A:  Um I'm the Project Manager of this project , 
A:  This is uh the agenda for our first meeting . 
A:  I will hope we will get acquainted to each other . 
A:  We'll do a little tool training with these two things . 
A:  We'll take a look at the project plan . 
A:  Uh there will be time for discussion . 
A:  Um as you probably have noticed there are little black uh fields on the table . 
A:  Um you have to put your laptop exactly in that field 
A:  so the little cameras can see your face . 
A:  and there are microphones here also . 
A:  and uh I'd like to hear uh who you are and what your functions are uh on this project . 
B:  and my uh function is User Interface Design , I think . 
C:  uh I'm the Industrial Designer 
D:  I'm uh <other> Marketing Expert . 
D:  <other> My job is in the company to promote company or promote products to the customers . 

A:  I said uh we're working on a project 
A:  and the aim for the project is to to create a  to design a new remote control 
A:  which uh has to be original , trendy and of course , user friendly . 
A:  It consists of three phases , namely the functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . 
A:  As you can see , all of these phases consists of two parts , namely individual work part and a meeting 
A:  But first I will uh tell you something about the tools we have here . 
A:  They are smart boards . 
A:  As you can see , you can give a presentation on them . 
A:  And uh this one here is a white board . 
A:  Um as you also noticed uh this presentation document is in our uh project folder 
A:  and every document you put in this folder uh is uh it is possible to show that here in our meeting room . 
A:  As you can see , this is the same tool bar uh as is located here . 
A:  Um the most functions uh we will use will be to to add a new page , 
A:  um uh to go back and forward between pages , 
A:  Um and this is the pen with which you can draw on the board , for instance 
A:  Um and then you can write things like test or whatever you want . 
A:  it's not such a fast board , 
A:  and of course you can also , when you click here , uh erase things , 
A:  And um you can also delete an entire page , 
A:  but we ask you not to do that . 
A:  because we want to save all the results . 
A:  And you can also um let's see I think it's here uh change the uh colour of your pen , 

A:  Um that's what you will need for our first exercise , 
A:  because I'm uh going to ask you to draw your favourite animal . 
A:  to do it on a blank sheet , 
A:  with different colours 
A:  and also with different pen widths 
A:  Um and a favourite characteristic can be just uh one word . 
A:  Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing , eh . <laugh> 
A:  it could be a turtle , or a snail , 
B:  It's a giraffe . 
D:  <other> it can reach everything . 
D:  And I hope I can also reach a lot with this project . 
A:  Could you write the words , uh underneath it ? 
C:  I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence . 
B:  You can try out the eraser now . <laugh> 

A:  Um from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros . 
A:  And we're hoping for a aim of fifty million Euros 
A:  and uh we are hoping to achieve that uh by aiming for an international market . 
A:  And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max . 

A:  it's time uh for some discussion . 
A:  What's your experience with remote control ? 
B:  I always lose them . 
C:  A lot of buttons which you don't use 
C:  Not user friendly . 
D:  Black , all black . 
A:  maybe we should try to make it fun . 
D:  You had different remote controls for different devices . 
B:  perhaps you can integrate them or something . 
D:  but then again you you still have a lot of buttons , 
C:  there's a possibility to g uh to uh to put those buttons uh behind some uh kind of uh protection 
C:  but um <other> the usual buttons such as uh um <other> zapping uh as you call it in Dutch . Uh and the volume control uh are only the only possible buttons uh to use directly . 
A:  maybe a a minimalist design , the least uh possible amount uh of buttons . 
B:  But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it . 
B:  Because uh things for uh teletext , I dunno uh , <laugh> w 
A:  you don't want to bother people with uh loads of buttons , 
A:  but on the other hand they need many buttons 
D:  Because I think a market will be all kind of people . Elderly p el elderly , young people , so . 
D:  I think the aim is better to use uh the whole world and Britain , yeah . 
C:  I think uh when p uh when uh the customers will buy this remote control , they already have uh the remote control which uh companies uh uh with uh the the standards uh remote control with which comes uh with the television . 
C:  but it is impossible to uh to accommodate uh accommodate uh all the buttons on the s on the difference  different televisions sets on one remote control . It's impossible . 
C:  Because uh for example Sony television uh has the opportunity to s to make uh uh to make it possible for  to see on one side of the screen uh teletext , and on the other side uh just n uh regular television . Uh  
C:  Because you can't use a Panasonic uh remote control on a on a Philips television . 
D:  always with r universal remotes you have to choose the code . 

A:  Um the Marketing Expert will uh will take a look at the user requirement specification . 

C:  the Industrial Designer will take a look at the working design , 

A:  The User Interface Designer will work out the technical functions design . 

A:  And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max . 

A:  maybe a a minimalist design , the least uh possible amount uh of buttons . 
B:  But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it . 
A:  you don't want to bother people with uh loads of buttons , 
A:  but on the other hand they need many buttons 

C:  but it is impossible to uh to accommodate uh accommodate uh all the buttons on the s on the difference  different televisions sets on one remote control . It's impossible . 
C:  Because uh for example Sony television uh has the opportunity to s to make uh uh to make it possible for  to see on one side of the screen uh teletext , and on the other side uh just n uh regular television . Uh  
C:  Because you can't use a Panasonic uh remote control on a on a Philips television . 
D:  always with r universal remotes you have to choose the code . 

