A:  welcome back . <other> At the functional design meeting um 
A:  <other> uh I had an email from the from the management board 
A:  but there were four points 
A:  uh which uh I think are very important . 
A:  First one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated 
A:  <other> Uh second one is also important 
A:  Uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television , 
A:  so it uh not gonna it's not gonna be a multi-purpose remote control , 
A:  Uh second , and I think that's important for the Marketing uh Expert , 
A:  uh the current uh customers uh are in the age group group of uh forty years and older , 
A:  but with this uh new remote uh they uh will uh  would like to reach uh a group uh younger than uh forty . 
A:  I think to keep in mind , but not really uh for now 
A:  is that they uh want the the the slogan and the and the logo uh to uh to be recognised more in the remote . 

D:  I have some uh new findings on uh Marketing Expert level , 
D:  <other> The method I used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire . 
D:  Um <other> one hundred respondents were involved 
D:  and my marketing uh department generated a report with a lot of results . 
D:  two audiences , <laugh> 
D:  Uh the first one , this scale , from sixteen to forty five  age . 
D:  Uh the second one is from sixty four  uh forty six to sixty five . 
D:  Um , as you can see here , the market share for the first audience is about sixty percent  um sixty five . 
D:  Uh second audience audience is uh thirty five percent . 

D:  uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff , like uh an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control , um speech recognition . 
D:  I don't think that's uh really appropriate . 
D:  Um , <other> and when you see uh the audience , the age is going up uh  Yeah , they don't really want it anymore , at least the new technologies . 
D:  Second findings <cough> out of the questionnaire um are the opinion <other> the opinions uh of the audience about current remote controls . 
D:  First point is , seventy five percent of the users find the most repo remote controls very ugly , 
D:  uh and eighty percent of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy . 
D:  According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation , um <other> following buttons are most important . 
D:  Switching channels , um yeah , 
D:  Um the second , teletext , 
D:  uh and the third , uh volume controls . 
A:  But it's strange that the the manage board  the management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet . 
D:  but uh at the moment uh teletext is  Yeah , th the best thing you can get uh on T_V_ , like getting information . 
D:  <other> they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control . 

D:  my personal preferences . Um , 
D:  I think we should aim at the uh audience from sixteen to forty five . 
D:  Mm , first of all um it's the biggest share , the biggest audience , sixty five percent . 
D:  Uh second , I think you will get the most revenue from i from it . 
D:  we have to impro improve the most used functions , as I said here , switching channels , teletext and volume controls . 
D:  uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller , 
D:  so maybe it's an idea for us uh to design ex kind of placeholder uh on side of the , yeah , of the T_V_ 
A:  that's a cool idea . 
C:  When you mentioned uh improving functions , what uh what do you mean by that 
D:  but uh it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used uh on a remote control . 
D:  So you can have a remote control full of buttons , a hundreds hundreds of buttons , 
D:  but if you don't use them , yeah it's  
C:  so focusing more on the used buttons . 
D:  but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or  
C:  Could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions , 
C:  like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function for example . 
D:  Yeah , perhaps . 

C:  I'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project . 
C:  what I did was I dissected uh uh current remote controls 
C:  and um I viewed how how they w looked , 
C:  uh what kind of components are involved , 
C:  And uh after that I put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised 
C:  and I'll show it to you in in a in a few seconds . 
C:  And I'll explain a bit about uh how it works 

C:  what I did was uh I I checked uh remote controls 
C:  and the uh remote controls of today are all infrared , 
C:  And the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a T_V_ or uh a stereo or something , 
C:  and those uh have a transmitter 
C:  that's also focused on infrared , 
C:  so if we want to uh build uh mm a remote control uh with Bluetooth for instance then uh the T_V_ should have Bluetooth too in order to communicate , 
C:  so that would mean extra cost for the user 
C:  So that's probably why most controls are still infrared . 
C:  Furthermore they all have uh a a very simple structure , 
C:  uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uh  a cheap uh remote . 
C:  because uh  well my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh Bluetooth  or or radio waves , 
D:  What do you think about uh incorporating Bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the T_V_ , connected to the T_V_ ? 
C:  I actually  I figured that would be that would be rather nice , 
C:  but then you'd still have the uh  the infrared function . 

C:  but uh what I did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder , is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote . 
C:  If somebody says , where is the remote , then it goes uh beep uh beep beep beep or something , 
C:  maybe uh maybe something to look into , 
C:  I dunno uh what the cost  that something like that would be . 

C:  Uh I'll I'll just explain a bit of the components . 
C:  The energy source would be a battery , simple uh battery 
C:  I figured that would be best , 
C:  Uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button , 
C:  but uh the infrared button uh works only via the chip and the subcomponent to uh the switch  
C:  when a button is prush pushed in , uh a electric current goes through here , 
C:  and in uh  immediately , a l a bulb lights up uh 
C:  displaying to the user that something has happened . 
C:  That's uh that's so the h user won't be um thinking , well uh did the button be pressed , w what happened uh . 
C:  the signal goes via chip 
C:  that's translated into uh electric sig uh electronic signals 
C:  and then it's processed 
C:  and then it's sent to the infrared bulb 
C:  my personal preferences here , 
C:  we have to keep it simple . Not too many uh gadgets and functions , 
C:  Uh I I think we should stick by  with infrared transmitting and uh no receiving . 
C:  I think we shouldn't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that , 
C:  because when you uh want teletext on uh infrared you'd have to build in a receiver too , 
D:  I think current T_V_s can even send infrared . 
C:  but should we spend money or  and time on building a receiver into the uh remote control ? 
C:  'Cause that would be  I mean extra components , extra designs , um larger g uh remote control . 
C:  So I I  my personal opinion is no no no receiver at all . 
C:  we should uh look into the design and the functionability . 
C:  Like I said , uh use one button for instance for m multiple functions , 
C:  just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something , the usual uh  stuff . 
C:  we shouldn't make a big uh remote control for simple functions , 
C:  but we we should stick to the basics . 

B:  I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions . 
B:  Um what's my opinion about what's most important to combine the design , technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one , 
B:  so if you um going to design a remote that looks good , that shouldn't weigh over the uh  if it's possible to make , of course , but also the user friendliness , 
B:  And another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult , 
B:  so use as as little functions as possible 
B:  or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote . 
B:  And uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen , 
B:  but s I don't know in how far that is possible , 
B:  since we are sticking to uh um infrared 
B:  and and the remote cannot receive anything , 
B:  but uh we might uh consider that . 
B:  So just keep it simple , 
B:  make clear buttons , easy to use . 
B:  I prefer to use it only for T_V_ 
B:  and and if possible , uh the buttons should give <other> a dr direct action , not first select  
A:  you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one , 
B:  and so that's where the difficulties lie . 
B:  Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original , or uh multi-purpose as we thought , 
B:  or do we want to use um many buttons . 
D:  it's maybe an option uh if you use an L_C_D_ <other> or a touch screen um , 
D:  that in the middle are the the main keys , 
D:  just uh in the middle the general functions , like play , uh channel switching , 
D:  and then uh at the top or at the bottom , some menus like uh settings or  that you can drop down . 
B:  Do we want to use uh a menu display on the T_V_ ? 
B:  Or um does have to f everything uh be in remotes ? 
B:  'Cause if you use a memory display on the T_V_ , you can simply push uh a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press okay . 
B:  if you use many options in one buttle  button , um display the menu on the T_V_ 
B:  and don't um use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds , 
B:  is too complicated for most users . 
D:  and when you have a particular menu uh at your device , uh it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_ . 
C:  you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not  
C:  our remote won't be able to work on all televisions . 
B:  maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible 
B:  If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low . 

C:  but then with something like a touch screen could  could make more menu up  pop up or something . 
B:  <other> especially the important buttons , um if you want to switch channel , change your volume , uh use teletext , it uh it has to work at once 
B:  and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote , behind uh a little uh little thing or a touch screen . 
D:  I think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good . 
D:  Um , because recently uh I saw news item on T_V_ um about uh new telephones uh for elder people . 
D:  Um , they have like a touch screen with uh really big pictures on it like uh uh call uh hang-up , 
D:  because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something . 
B:  Uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands 
D:  then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen ? 
C:  The extra functions . 
B:  you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions , and you just choose one , 
C:  <other> Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen , uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet 
C:  and uh we have three of those , uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus , with  or sub-items , sub-functions . 
B:  then I'd like to make a proposal . 
B:  If you make one big touch screen , 
B:  keep the buttons always available 
B:  and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest . 
A:  So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen . 
B:  that they always um make the same buttons accessible , 
B:  so use just for special options a part of the touch screen . 
B:  an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions , you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions . 
D:  I had another uh idea about maybe parental control . Um , 
D:  like building in uh some kind of PIN code 
D:  uh  if children don't don't know the PIN code , they can't switch to uh violent uh channels or  
B:  Is that possible to use or no ? 
C:  that actually depends on the television , 
C:  thing is when you buy a remote , you you set the uh channels , 
C:  the the channels are different on each te television , 
D:  th th those things are nice . <laugh> 
A:  but I think that's we wel <other> later in the stage . 
A:  uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , 
A:  so they want the the the normal functions like teletext , volume changing , um uh to be uh , yeah , kinda traditionals 
A:  uh and uh <other> the the the the other functions , the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen , 
D:  but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers 
B:  You can display actual buttons on the touch screens . 
C:  but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience . 
C:  W we are aiming for younger people 
D:  And th those young people , yeah . Y you saw it in my marketing report , they like the new fancy stuff , 
D:  A touch screen , like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . 
D:  I th I think we can do that too . 
A:  Uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is I think uh how uh it's going to look 
A:  we must keep it simple , 
A:  but have the opportunity to uh have more options 
A:  and have them uh hidden or something , 
A:  the functions , know , like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by the  done by the remote control and not by the television . 
B:  then there's always , there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume 
B:  and um well maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is , 
B:  there are universal d um um remotes 
B:  and they all have a functionality for all the T_V_s , 
A:  And it's not too complex to do it . 
C:  they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_ 
C:  and that that is bit of a tricky job . 
D:  Uh , with the current remote controls , the universal ones , um you have to press  yeah , you have to press a code for T_V_ . 
B:  In codes , y you you get a b a book with codes . 
B:  if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes , there are maybe um three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum . If you have all of them , all the old and new T_V_s summed up , 
D:  maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh U_S_B_ or a firewire connection , 
D:  so that you can uh connect it to the P_C_ 
D:  But , on the other hand on the other hand , uh if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote  
B:  Well then you have to buy a new one , 
B:  or an update , software update . 
C:  Or you could  well you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier , 
C:  then then it's be uh back to the building a receiving uh  well uh if it's actually worth it to build it in , 
C:  it it would be uh bringing more costs  uh with with it 
B:  Um m for which one are we going ?  
C:  my vote goes out to the right  . 
B:  I was uh doubting about which one to take , 
B:  but uh you've convinced me 
B:  that uh if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal um remote all elderly people will know what to do . 
D:  And also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open . 

A:  So we have now a lunch break , finally , 
A:  Uh after the lunch break uh it's back to uh individual work , once again uh thirty minutes . 
A:  Uh I will put my minutes  
A:  so uh s they're updated in the shared folder too . 
A:  Uh <laugh> uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will  all will receive uh at the uh the the email . 
A:  You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work . 

A:  Uh <laugh> uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will  all will receive uh at the uh the the email . 

A:  You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work . 

A:  uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , 
A:  uh and uh <other> the the the the other functions , the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen , 
D:  but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers 
B:  You can display actual buttons on the touch screens . 
C:  but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience . 
C:  W we are aiming for younger people 
D:  A touch screen , like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . 
D:  I th I think we can do that too . 

D:  th th those things are nice . <laugh> 
A:  but I think that's we wel <other> later in the stage . 
B:  and um well maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is , 
A:  but have the opportunity to uh have more options 

