A:  <laugh> <other> I've uh made a presentation 
A:  uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard , so we can all see it . 
A:  Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting . 
A:  So uh <other> I'm the Project Manager , 
A:  And  an uh a nice agenda . <cough> 
A:  Uh we'll do the opening 
A:  and then uh we'll meet each other , 
A:  I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here , so that we can all use them . 
A:  We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project , 
A:  and then uh we'll close the meeting , 
A:  and then we can uh individually uh do our things 
A:  and then uh we'll get back here . 
A:  We have to uh design a new television remote control . 
A:  Um we want it to be original , 
A:  so a nice uh a nice new design . 
A:  Uh trendy , it's <other> also for young people , 
A:  and we have to just uh make it uh modern . 
A:  And uh friendly , 
A:  so size does matter . 
A:  And uh  Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place , that kin those kind of things . 
A:  There happen to be uh three stages . 
A:  functional , conceptual , and d detailed design . 
A:  Um so every time we we'll do some individual work , get meeting , talk about it , uh and then go into the next phase . 
A:  We have uh these two Smartboards . 
A:  Um well as I just showed , there's a project management folder , a project document folder on the desktop . 
A:  It just works exactly the same as a computer . 
A:  You just uh click on the on the folder and you open the everything you you put in it with your laptop . 
A:  Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things , 
A:  This is a uh well a drawing board . 
A:   you have a  these different uh functions on the board . 
A:  So you have a a nice pen , 
A:  and it's works just like a bal ball pen . 
A:  Of course w <laugh> doesn't work any more . <laugh> 
A:  We can uh uh well you can save a file . 
A:  So if uh we draw we have to save everything . 
A:  Uh just we can start a new one , and we just go on , and don't throw anything away . 
A:  Um you can here select a pen , 
A:  It's a bit uh childish you have to write . 
A:  It's not as fast as you w you know it , 
A:  but it does work sometimes . 

A:  So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board , 
A:  We going to try it . 
D:  Alright , your favourite animal ? <laugh> 
A:  I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh beast 
C:  I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment . 
A:  Ah <other> the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose , loosen up , a bit uh meeting each other 
D:  We're kinda losing time , though . 
C:  It's a hedgehog . 
A:  and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal . 
D:  It's a rabbit . 
A:  save it and start a new uh  
C:  These are very important documents , of course , uh these drawings , uh  
A:  Yeah well we have to save everything 
A:  There's also different colours 
A:  and different uh well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness . 
B:  It's just a bird . 
A:  you choose a new colour . 
A:  <laugh> And a new pen width uh  also format . 
A:  It's a cat . <cough> 

A:  Well then uh the serious uh stuff . 
A:  We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally 
A:  um so um but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars , but uh twenty five Euros . 
A:  Our profit aim is , worldwide , fifty million Euros . 
A:  So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell . 
A:  <laugh>  we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros 
A:  so , keep uh that in mind when we uh talk about our uh materials an f and stuff , and uh marketing uh research . 
A:  Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls , 
A:  first  about design uh about uh aim in the market etcetera ? 
A:  Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls ? 
C:  Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh   
C:  it's not , it's it's not my task to uh talk about uh experience with current remote controls , 
A:  Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then  

D:  I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors . 
D:  Get the good points 
D:  uh try to merge them into one universal remote control . 
D:  On our corporate site I saw uh a new D_V_D_ player uh we're gonna produce . 
D:  Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the D_V_D_ player 
B:  we should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use , we uh we make ? 
A:  and maybe we do uh <other> we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player . 
C:  And stereo uh s uh audio installations . 
B:  And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes . 
A:  because we look at competitors 
A:  and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design  

D:  Furthermore it's important to make it uh acceptable for the whole world , for different cultures , maybe , 
D:  because we want to we want to  well fifty million ? 
C:  No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh 
C:  and numbers and uh that every culture in uh , yeah , people in every country can recognise . 
B:  I also think we should not add too many buttons . 
B:  Modern day uh remotes have <other> too much buttons I think . 
A:  Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's  
D:  Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ 
D:  and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something . 
C:  so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh  

C:  It has to be different and familiar at the same time . 
B:  we could use another form or shape or colour , that kind of things . 
C:  I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing  
C:  you can make it uh triangle shaped , 
C:  but that's not uh very recognisable . 
B:  Well we we could make more more oval or something , and and  
A:  N we can use uh it as a as a game pad . 
A:  So <laugh> one hand has the beer , so the other hand uh  <laugh> 
B:   but young people want something different 
D:  Yeah but it's quite important that it fits . 
A:  one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so  
A:  Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes uh we have to  we can imagine uh 
C:  so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh , yeah , useful 
A:  for me personally I have a <other> a lot of remotes uh at home 
A:  but <other> those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle <other> I don't like to use them . 
A:  When it falls over it and I just have  and then the button that I use most has to be here . 
D:  It shouldn't be boxy . 
D:  I don't agree with the long box uh shape <other> 
C:  But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this , 
C:  and you can make it another shape , 
B:  No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_  with their uh remotes <laugh> pl players <laugh> they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped . 
D:  No that's ol old fashioned . 
B:  Well <other> most of  of them are are somewhat thicker at the end , 
B:  and get um yeah thinner towards the uh the other end . 
C:  uh but then with some uh round uh <other> round forms in it to fit your hand , 
A:  A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand . 
D:  It shouldn't be too boxy , you know . 
C:  but  no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square 
C:  but a also with round edges of course , 
C:  but in in in at the end it's still this long <other> box shape with convenient uh round uh shapes uh <other> to fit . 
C:  A big recognisable button on top or something . 
C:  The buttons should uh also be not too small , not too big , of course , 
C:  and uh n uh uh not too close uh together . 
D:  But it should be possible to to um make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button . 
C:  Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions . 
D:  and maybe we should use colours . 

B:  Yeah  maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well  <laugh> you can you can put on on them , 
B:  and so you can customise your uh your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs <other> 
D:  That's kinda trendy . 
A:  Sound nice . Yes . 
C:  I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um  
A:  Well it's just uh about our first ideas now 
A:  so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . 
D:  <other> I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make , 
A:  You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh . I think . 
A:  So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over . 
C:  Yeah now we can still talk about the material , 
C:  I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course , hard plastic , 
C:  the buttons should be uh rubbery I think uh . 
D:  Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy . 
A:  Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons 
D:  <laugh> Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea ? 
A:  Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes . 
D:  and you can always use a front front on it , you know ? 
D:  You can use it <other> just plain 
D:  but you can <other>  To make it more trendy . 
A:  And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh  
B:  Well you can make profit with them , 
B:  and it's <other> a way to make them trendy . 
C:  Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something 
A:  Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell , 
A:  so if they are uh black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so  
D:  But people of often don't like bright colours or something . 
D:  We have to make it grey or s or black . 
A:  But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh . <laugh> 
A:  And you will look into the technical design and um form , I think . 
A:  Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh  I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote . 

A:  so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . 
A:  Well it's just uh about our first ideas now 

A:  Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh  I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote . 

A:  Well it's just uh about our first ideas now 
A:  so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . 

D:  <laugh> Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea ? 
A:  Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes . 

None

