D:  Ease of use is important , 
D:  but uh innovation is more important , 
D:  and a fancy look and feel is uh even more important . 

D:  And uh some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their uh clothes , shoes and furniture , 
D:  and that they want spongy material . 
D:  or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . 
A:  You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . 

A:  maybe it rubber 
A:  And what I'm thinking about , maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip 

C:  We have the uncurved or flat case . Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh 
C:  <other> We have uh a curved one . 
C:  which is curved in three dimension . 

C:  We can use plastic , 
C:  We can use wood and titanium . 
C:  uh which is the same for rubber , 

C:  we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh <laugh> remote controls . 
C:  Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply . 
C:  And we of course have the traditional uh solar power , 

C:  um of course we have the push-buttons 
C:  and uh we also have scroll-wheels . 
C:  Um <other> uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays , 
A:  this is my volume button . And I can either on this side or this side um  
A:  And click it to muten the device . 

C:  And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker , 

A:  Traditional batteries uh and solar . 

A:  But but do we want the curved uh uh design , 
C:  So I think this is the best of two worlds . 
C:  Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample . Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker . Um with a with a regular chip . 
B:  And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . 
A:  Uh you talked about it before , the colours , grey and yellow . 
A:  The casing is curved , single-curved . 
C:  and I think we should use the company colours . Something like black and red .  uh black and yellow . 
A:  The scroll-heel . Yes , 
A:  the voice recognition we already decided . 

A:  Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . 

None

A:  Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product . 
A:  I guess that is something for Roo and Sebastian . 

A:  Um I guess you two have to figure that out . 

A:  And for you , the product evaluation . 

A:  You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . 
D:  or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . 

B:  And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . 
A:  The scroll-heel . Yes , 

None

C:  So it it needs to be rubber . 
A:  But but do we want the curved uh uh design , 
C:  So I think this is the best of two worlds . 
A:  The casing is curved , single-curved . 
A:  Yeah , with colourful rubber . 

A:  d did we already decide on the display ? 
C:  No . I don't think you need it . 
C:  And uh skip  and skip the L_C_D_ part . 

A:  Traditional batteries uh and solar . 

B:  But if you're watching a movie , how many times uh you take the the remote control and and  
C:  But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy . 

B:  I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it . 
C:  There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel . 

A:  what about um <other> the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting ? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue . 
C:  It's it's  uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device . 

A:  according to Ruud , the the the market likes um new flashy technology , 
C:  Uh I think our customers will go insane . 

A:  Yeah , although I don't think that's very colourful . Except for the yellow of course , 

A:  it should be a full colour cover with such an image 
C:  but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device . 

C:  What about uh the finishing of the case ? 
A:  Yeah , with colourful rubber . 
C:  because they're they're rubber too . 
A:  we should have it the other way around , I guess . A plastic cover with rubber finishing . 
A:  What about um making this rubber and making this plastic ? 
C:  I'm I'm not so sure , 

C:  So if you want the spongy feel , you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber . 

