None

A:  A a and the voice recognition as well , 
C:  it's it's it's another approach , 

B:  but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find . 

A:  And and the case is is rubber ? 
A:  And the buttons ? 
B:  <other> Plastic or rubber . 
C:  Uh yellow with uh 
C:  grey or black or something like that . Whatever cost uh cost uh the least . <laugh> 

A:  M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition , or train the voice voice recognition . 
C:  okay . Okay , yeah , that's right . Or something li like that . 

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 
A:  th this design is not um within our price model . 

A:  And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell . 
A:  um by not using the voice recognition feature , 

A:  uh by giving it another colour already . 
A:  Although I think we  yeah , but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people 

A:  we are evaluating this this uh design now . This prototype . 

D:  Is it ? Is it fancy ? 
B:  just <other> give it a two . 
D:  was it innovative ? 
C:  I think uh it's a two . 
D:  Is it easy to use ? 
A:  so it will be a two point five . 
D:  <laugh> Is it easy to find ? <laugh> 
A:  but I personally give it a one . 
A:  The feel of the remote control is spongy . 
D:  and make this a one point five . 
A:  The remote control offers enough features . 
A:  I'll give it uh a one . For for the  for this t uh type of market , I think it's a one . 

A:  we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation . About the project itself , not about the product . 
C:  looking at room for creativity , there was w way too  the the choice of components was way too narrow . 
A:  Uh leadership . 
B:  Fantastic . <laugh> 
C:  I think we're a good team . 
A:  I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh , hey Roo uh  . <laugh> Um  
A:  the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ? 
C:  <other> Uh . The digital pen was okay , 
C:  but SMARTboard was really bad . 
C:  The drawing cap capabilities are very limited . 

B:  But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs . 

A:  we need to redesign uh the product . 

A:  um then I did the following changes . 
A:  Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells , 

A:  um by not using the voice recognition feature , 

None

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 
A:  th this design is not um within our price model . 

A:  The production costs . 
B:  Twenty two . 

A:  <other> It becomes a very dull remote control , I know . 
C:  I think we we we all know what the redesign should be . 
C:  A simple , dull , uh one-coloured box . 

A:  uh maybe not not all that fancy , but just way way more easy uh uh um basic 
C:  but that's not what uh has been asked . 

A:  Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device . Definitely not , no . 

