A:  Prototype presentation , well first 

B:  <other> Basically in   what we discussed , cover and buttons will be made of rubber , yellow colour , black components , 
B:  We chose a different type of colour for the menu . A bit darker yellow 

B:  We chose the buttons to be uh teletext , okay button , favourite channel and the mute . 

A:   You have pushbuttons and an L_C_D_ display . 
A:  we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor . The sample sensor and uh  for speak recognition anyway . 

A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 

None

A:  think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition . 

A:  I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time . 
A:  There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them . 

D:  let's eval evaluate uh the product of us , our design . 
D:  I uh will pre present uh some statements 
D:  and we will decided together wha what  if it's true or false 

D:  So so the buttons , the look and feel . 
A:  One and a half . <laugh> 
D:  And the next one <other> uh  yeah , when it's lost uh you can find it . 
A:  so I think it  that's  that deserves a one . Definitely . 
D:  And the next one . 
C:  Manual . 
D:  A three . 
A:  So I might make this a two instead of a one , I guess . 
A:  You can use the L_C_D_ in a good way . 
A:  I mean the shape is trendy . 
B:  Maybe we should go with a two then , 
A:  mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition . 
A:  'Cause yeah , that gives you a seven , 

A:  For example , I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created . 
A:  I think we did pretty well as team-work though . 
A:  Because , yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime , 
B:  Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher , 
C:  So we cannot work on more than one page at same time . That's not possible . 

B:  Triple R_ it is . 

A:  have to write my report now , I guess . 

A:  Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report ? 
B:  Yeah , sure . 

A:  think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition . 
A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 

A:  I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect 
B:  Yeah . I would say  I would agree with you on the colour , 
A:  we're final on that . 

B:  Triple R_ it is . 

A:  You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , 

A:  What do we scrap . 

A:  so I had to take out the special colour I suppose . 
A:  and if you want it  if you want the custom design , then you can buy the separate covers . 
B:  I think the colour is more important than the really the curve , 
A:  but the example is because we do offer the um <other> the possibility of adding your own custom covers . 
A:  I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect 

A:  we could take out the curve . 
C:  Can we then not also uh change the material ? 
C:  We take plastic for the basic cover 
A:  I say lose the curve . Oh that's true , 

B:  So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen ? 
A:  uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half , 
D:  so why why uh <other> do we have to keep us uh uh um on the twelve and a half ? 
A:  and we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company 

D:  What are we uh displaying on the L_C_D_ screen ? 
C:  Things like brightness and uh those kind of things we've put in the menu , 
A:  I thought that people wanted previews on their  
A:  I don't think it's possible really . 
A:  uh with configuring your remote control for favourite  your favourite channel for example , how do you configure that . 
A:  So that could be done by L_C_D_ display . 
A:  I do admit that we d <other> did miss a little  or didn't sp didn't talk   talk enough about the possibility of the L_C_D_ display . 
A:    like I said , <other> changing channels , everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display , so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything . 

A:  I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool . 
B:  Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher , 

C:  So we cannot work on more than one page at same time . That's not possible . 

A:  Because , yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime , 

