B:  Uh in this meeting I I'm going to discuss about the trend watching , 
B:  We have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey , but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market , 
B:  when we did our remote control market survey we found that uh people l uh people do have preference for tho fancy mobi uh f remote controls which look and feel very good , 
B:  rather than having a functional look and feel uh good . 
B:  The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative . 
B:  And the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use , 
B:  and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language , something . 

B:  When we did uh f fashions uh , recent fashion uh  our recent fashion update shows that  
B:  because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes , shoes ,  and everything with fruits and vegetables , 
B:  the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look , hard look . 
D:  Do you think like rubber would be good or does it really want to be like gel kind of stuff ? 
B:  The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co 

D:  okay , so the interface concept um . 
D:  Um so the method , we looked at existing designs , 
D:  <other> Okay , so most remote controls use graphical interface , 
D:  Um and we also found that there's inconsistent layout , which makes it confusing . 
D:  but I think standard kind of um shape and uh play and those kind of but buttons 
D:  And we've got some pictures of some uh new remote controls to show you . 
D:  This one is  got a kind of scroll like a mouse , 
D:  Um and  But I'm not exactly sure how you'd use that , 
D:  But the one below that has got like <other> a little scroll function on the side . 
D:  But I presume that the functions must come up on the T_V_ screen . 
D:  Again that's just quite boring shape , grey , 
D:  looks quite space-agey , but too many buttons , I think on that one . 
D:  Um this one I thought was really cool . 
D:  It's w it's got the programmability function that we talked about . 
D:  and it's quite an organic shape 
C:  Yeah , I m I mean the one thing I think about about these ones is um these kl uh secured areas um <other> , I've seen a lot of them with the the cover missing . 
C:  So like have it hinge rather than sort of clip on or whatever . 
D:  And this one , the over-sized one , 
D:  I don't know about you , but I think it's a bit too gimmicky . 
D:  I like <other> some of these things um the the raised symbols and everything , 
D:  the raised symbols I thought were good , 
D:  And the mouse one , I thought it was a good idea , 
D:  Child-friendly , I thought this was good , 

D:  There's um an L_C_D_ thing , 
D:  I thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us . 
D:  and I've just got <other> an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in . 
D:  I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good . 
D:  you program it like you say , record , um and then , play , and then , record , play machine , and stuff like that , 
D:  the L_C_D_ , it does look smart , but I think maybe for our budget , 
D:  'cause I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition , 
B:  But in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more , 
C:  It's still it's still got to get within our twelve fifty , you know . 
D:  I'm not sure if the  if <other> for twenty five Euros uh per uh twelve Euros fifty m manufacturing cost ,  . 
C:  Although , th I mean to be to be sure they have got  I mean they are going crazy with the L_C_D_ technology now , 
D:  And one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use , so I think I'm not sure about the L_C_D_ . 
D:  It's a it's great , it's a good idea , 
D:  but for our budget and for the thing we're trying to go for eas easy to use , it's not the thing we should go for , I think . 
D:  we could make a vegetabley kind of round shape , I think . 
C:  Well , si since we're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours , I think your lemon wasn't that far s <laugh> 
C:  I like I like the colourful buttons as well . 
D:  I like the d the different shapes of the buttons and stuff . 

A:  I guess there are a lot of options that we're gonna have to choose from among , 
A:  and I'll I'll give you the uh , <other> I guess , technical considerations for those . 
A:  And I'm gonna use the whiteboard , 
A:  just 'cause we haven't used it <other> . 
A:  the way I'm gonna do this <other> is uh we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls , see how they work , 
A:  and then we'll throw in our new innovations um <other> 
A:  Um you open it up , there's a circuit board inside , 
A:  and there's a a chip , a processor , 
A:  the T_A_ one one eight three five , which um receives input from the buttons , 
A:  Um so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the to the amplifier , 
A:  which is made of some transistors and amplifiers , op-amps , 
A:  and then that gets sent to the uh to the L_E_D_ light , 
A:  Um . So you know , as we said , we got the outer casing , 
A:  which we have to decide , you know , what's it gonna be , 
A:  processor , um we'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had , 
A:  Um so for the casing , uh this an e-mail I got from our manufacturing team 
A:  uh , you know , we have a bunch of options from wood , titanium , rubber , plastic , whatnot , 
A:  um latex , double-curved , curved . 

A:  Um you open it up , there's a circuit board inside , 
A:  and there's a a chip , a processor , 
A:  the T_A_ one one eight three five , which um receives input from the buttons , 

C:  Well , I mean like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it , 
C:  And that would k also give it kinda durability 
C:  and ther that's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast . 
C:  so maybe s uh a sort of uh plastic  initial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath ? 
D:  I like the rubber , the stress balls , I think , 
D:  w like , 'cause there's gonna be the the cover the the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours 

A:  So multi-coloured buttons . 
C:  or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it doesn't look too childish , perhaps . 
C:  <laugh> Although I mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well . 
C:  I mean double-curved sounds good to me if we're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use , 
D:  Like uh <other> an hour glass kind of figure , 
A:  uh I could put the microphone here . <laugh> 
A:  So should the microphone be just anywhere on it or  
B:  button will be on the upper side , buttons will be the on the upper side . 

A:  Okay , like we could have a big banana shaped remote control , 
C:  Mm and a lemon might be a little hard to grip . Yeah . <laugh> 
D:  How would you point it ? 
A:  We could have a little L_E_D_s on each end . 
D:   y I'm I'm not sure about the banana idea . 
C:  it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe . <other> 
D:  I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape . 
A:  So maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable 
A:  Like a gourd almost , or a squash of some sort ? 
C:  you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape , 
B:  <other> Or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want . 
C:  There's a good man . There's a good idea . 
D:  Yeah , what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition ? <other> 
C:  do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit ? <laugh> 
C:  l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh , I dunno , an apple . 
B:  we can just have a remote control and casings of different different shapes , 
B:  different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece . 

B:  I think we should  a rechargeable <other> battery will be a good idea . 
C:  having a rechargeable stand , 
C:  so that not only it doubles as a stand , but um for using it as  uh recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition . 

C:  uh our next meeting's in half an hour 
C:  and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay . 
C:  <laugh> Um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches . 

C:  and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay . 

C:  so maybe s uh a sort of uh plastic  initial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath ? 
D:  I like the rubber , the stress balls , I think , 
A:  s I guess we decided on material , 
A:  So that that spongy latex rubber everything feel , 

B:  <other> Or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want . 
C:  There's a good man . There's a good idea . 

D:  but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that , 
D:  because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , you know . 
C:  So again I mean like we could have , uh I mean , we could quite easily have the the main body be a different 
C:  I mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour , 
C:  So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing . 

D:  'cause I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition , 
C:  Uh speech recognition , I think , 

B:  I think we should  a rechargeable <other> battery will be a good idea . 
C:  having a rechargeable stand , 
C:  so that not only it doubles as a stand , but um for using it as  uh recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition . 

C:  or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it doesn't look too childish , perhaps . 
C:  <laugh> Although I mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well . 
D:   y I'm I'm not sure about the banana idea . 
C:  it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe . <other> 
D:  I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape . 
A:  So maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable 
A:  Like a gourd almost , or a squash of some sort ? 
C:  you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape , 
C:  do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit ? <laugh> 
C:  l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh , I dunno , an apple . 
D:  Well , I I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing , 
D:  and I think maybe fruit could be a bit of a  too much of a gimmick , 
D:  but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that , 
C:  So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing . 
C:  So again I mean like we could have , uh I mean , we could quite easily have the the main body be a different 
D:  because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , you know . 
C:  I mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour , 

