B:  We've got a cool prototype . 
C:  everything uh that we wanted 
C:  we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber , 
B:  Double curved . 
C:  um but also something that was gonna jump out at people , 
C:  So uh I think if you put this in the palm of your hand , you'll see what a nice thing we have going here . 
C:  So , basically , if you hold it like that , the one on your thumb , yeah , <other> the thumb button is the power button . 
C:  Your index finger is channel up , middle finger is channel down , 
C:  Um and then then you can also  there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want . 
C:  but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different . 
A:  That certainly does . 
A:  I think it's , well , if the R_R_ motto is , we bring fashion to to electronics , I'd say that could be quite fashionable . 
C:  And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue . 

A:  I have one thing about it , but it's a small thing , 
A:  but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one . 
A:  But , that's I don't see why that's not possible . 
D:  like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? 
B:  Yeah , I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer <other> for the whole  the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . 
D:  I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so  
B:  But we can have both uh  
D:  Have them in stock . 

A:  One thing I do need to do  we need to look at , is the costs . 
A:  I could do  you know , I can do this o on my own or I could do it with you , 
A:  but it's just easy enough to go through it with you , 
A:  so we're going for the kinetic power . 
A:  So  the case , we've gone for the double curved . 
A:  and it's made out of rubber . 
A:  well they're in diff special colours , 
A:  Special form , 
D:  We're under budget . 
A:  That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make . 
A:  And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty . 

D:  so we evaluate each criteria . 
D:  And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven , 
D:  one being true , so it's it's more like it's  fits the criteria , 
D:  and seven being as in it doesn't fit the criteria . 
D:  So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ? 
A:  I would give it a seven . 
D:  As in it's not . 
A:  Oh sorry , one , d yeah . 
D:  Second criteria , new technology . 
B:  Well , the kinetic thing , yeah . 
C:  Maybe three , yeah . 
D:  So criteria three is is it easy to use ? 
C:  If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one , but otherwise otherwise a two . 
D:  <other> 'Kay , criteria four is costs .  
A:  It's come in under budget . 
A:  So that's a definite one . 
A:  Amount of buttons . 
A:  Contains only the necessary buttons . 
D:  R_S_I_ is it good against ? 
D:  Yes . Very good . 
D:  does it get lost ? 
A:  I don't think it's gonna get lost easily . 
D:  But it is smallish . 
A:  I mean , you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but  

C:  w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new . 
A:  not if you're left-handed it's not . 
D:  So that's the evaluation , 
B:  <laugh> We've , we've done well . 
D:  Number one product . 

A:  Okay , I I think um I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it , 
C:  during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion , 
C:  but we we kept  we tried to keep it cool and and 
A:  um and then come together and worked in , you know , integrally , you know , at the right times , 
A:  and be you know , has been good communication going on . <other> 
C:  Now you guys have been a a great team . 
A:  and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new , something that hasn't been done before , 
C:  I think actually  and one advantage of of this is that after the uh , you know , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote , you know . 
A:  Um how does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this ? 
A:  The sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that ? 
D:  I love it . <laugh> I love it . <laugh> I think it's cool . 
A:  Um , but a p a pen with a camera on it , I don't think it's such a new thing . 
A:  It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff , but as it's not  
A:  it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text . 
C:  I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it's just the first step . 

re happy with their product and their performance in the project.

None

None

A:  but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one . 
A:  But , that's I don't see why that's not possible . 
D:  like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? 
B:  Yeah , I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer <other> for the whole  the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . 
D:  I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so  
B:  But we can have both uh  
D:  Have them in stock . 

