B:  we said we were gonna have a snowman shaped remote control with no L_C_D_ display , no need for talk-back , 
B:  it was hopefully gonna be kinetic power and battery uh with rubber buttons , 
B:  maybe backlighting the buttons with some internal L_E_D_s to shine through the casing , 
B:  um hopefully a jog-dial , 
B:  and incorporating the slogan somewhere as well . 
D:  Um , there are a few changes we've made . 
D:  Um , well look at the expense sheet , and uh it turned to be quite a lot expensive to have open up and have lots of buttons and stuff inside , 
D:  this is gonna be an L_C_D_ screen , um just a a very very basic one , 
D:  very small um with access to the menu through the the scroll wheel and uh confirm 
D:  Uh , apart from that , it's just pretty much the same as we discussed last time . 
A:  the advanced functions are still hidden from you , but they're hidden in the sense that um they're not in use . 
A:  Um they're in the L_C_D_ panel and the jog-dial ? 
A:  The L_C_D_ panel just displays um functionally what you're doing . 
A:  If you're using an advanced function right , like um c brightness , contrast , whatever , it will just say  
A:  It might even be one , a bit more complex L_C_D_ panel with pictures like maybe the sun or the , you know , the the symbols of the various functions . 
A:  That's a number pad . 
B:  Where are we gonna have the slogan ? 
D:  just like right inside there . 
D:  <other> Well <other> we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger 
D:  so we reckon maybe that'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand .  
B:  So we're talking about ten centimetres . 
D:  We're gonna have again the the sort of the foggy um yellow from last time that lit up when you pushed the button . 
D:  this button um , because it's red it's sort of very prominent , we're gonna use it as uh  it can be the power button 
D:  if you hold it for maybe two seconds it'll send a stand-by signal . 
D:  Um apart from that it's gonna be used as a confirm button for the L_C_D_ screen 
A:  Oh we've discussed how h high it is , but how wide is it ? <laugh> 
A:  be about th three and a half . 
B:  what else can you do ? 
D:  Um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons . 
D:  but um because we've got the the L_C_D_ and the jog-dial we just thought we'd um use that as the volume . 
D:  Um you can use it for um more advanced functions like contrast , colour and  
B:  And what else do you do with the jog-dial ? 
A:  Um a lot of these things will have to be um free and open for users to define them . 
A:  Audio , we have like your basic y your base , your mid-range , your high range . 
A:  left-right balance , 
A:  um maybe even pre-programmed sound modes , 

B:  We can now have a little look at the the Excel sheet and price listing , 
B:  and see if we need to 
B:  um if we need to rethink anything at all . 
B:  for this first part here power-wise , have we got battery ? 
A:  We need an advanced chip I think , yep . 
A:  We've got push buttons as well . 
A:  Okay let's just be safe and put like say four buttons for that one . 
A:  The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together , 
A:  It  It needs to be more than one big button because if you open up your phone , underneath there's actually one button underneath , it's just that the panel itself is a single panel . 
A:  or the colours , you could take away s colours for th for the buttons . 
B:  No can do . 

A:  No . 
B:  Do we have kinetic as well ? 
B:  And that's because of cost restraints is it ? 
A:  Yep . 
A:  I think we're gonna have to skip the rubber . 
A:  Um so then these just become normal coloured buttons , 
B:  And now we're under budget . 

C:  I've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning , 
C:  and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan , 
C:  So to sort of b bring together two things , sort of design goals and also the market research that we had , 
C:  uh when we rate this , one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low , 
C:  and um we've been asked to uh to collectively rate this , 
C:  So the first one uh , stylish look and feel . 
A:  I rate that pretty highly . 
C:  Okay let's go with five then . 
C:  Let's go with two point five then . 
C:  high tech innovation . 
C:  so we've had to remove a few of our features we wanted , 
C:  but jog-dial 
B:  Yeah about three , okay . 
C:  Style reflects a fruit inspired colour , design . 
A:  Okay , the blue the blue colours and  don't re don't actually represent the colour , 
A:  the the yellow is more representative of the colour , 
C:  so we'll go two . 
C:  and um design is simple to use , simple in features . 
B:  I mean I'd give that nearly a one . 
C:  Um , <other> soft and spongy , have we achieved that ? 
C:  We've used mostly plastic in the end so it's going to be quite a bit of a compromise for price . 
D:  Yeah I think it's about five . 
C:  logo , we've got it in there , haven't we ? 
C:  And um it's within budget , yep . 

C:  out of forty nine with with zero being the highest . 
C:  We are at uh two , seven , eight , ten , fifteen point five . 
C:  So it's pretty good . 

B:  uh well next up then , because we've done finance , is the project evaluation . 
B:  Um well do you wanna um just individually say what you think about about these four points and <other> 
B:  Well d do you feel though that that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into the thing ? 
C:  Yeah , yeah 
C:  it feels as though the creativity goes on when we leave , and then we come here and then we kind of put out our ideas and then , you know . 
B:  But I don't I don't think it means the room as in this room . 
C:  so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual  
C:  We're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology , but build something for twelve and a half pounds , 
C:  answering the question uh in those terms I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity 
A:  I think another point is that the meetings um are more brainstorming sessions than meetings , 
A:  The constraints do come in very fast . 
D:  it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right , gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money . 
A:  and I think the fact that we're wearing these things restricts  
A:  it it it does actually you know affect how , w whether you feel comfortable to communicate . 
A:  and and the time the time given also restricts  
C:  In in reality I think here the the different elements of leadership such as the the original b briefing and then the personal coach and the and then you know having having you with your  the meeting agenda is actually quite a quite a <other> quite a con confining framework to work within . 
C:  And so it is leadership almost to the point of sort of disempowering the the the team member , so  
C:  But it's not bad leadership , it's just sort of s fairly strong , you know . 
A:  I think the interactions are very structured . 
B:  So you think maybe a little too controlling or  
C:  Yeah , oh yeah , without without a doubt . 
A:  I don't think there's a sense of control 'cause all the decisions have been made in terms of a , like a consensus right , we go around and we think about it , 
B:  uh what about teamwork ? 
D:  Uh , reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting . 
C:  I think the whiteboard , for me , is the kind of thing I would use all the time , 
C:  maybe just in the way that we we use it , in the sense that once we have an idea out there or while work was going on in between meetings , that could have been up on a board uh you know as opposed to in like in text . 
C:  I know that people who design cars and you know in aviation they quite often just have a simple like fibreglass prototype 
C:  and it's completely you know um abs abstract from the final product , but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and and point and discuss 
C:  and in a way everybody's  as we discuss things in the  in theoretically and out of our notebooks , 
C:  we're actually just each of us discussing something that's in each of our own minds . 
A:  I think um the the focus of it a lot was the PowerPoint as opposed to the to the whiteboard , 
A:  and I think that m um is also does you know hinder us and things I think . 
A:  And a lot of the information on the PowerPoints , I don't think , you know , we needed to actually  it could have , we could have gone through it  verbally , 
B:  What about the digital pens , did you find them easy enough to use ? 
D:  Oh they're a bit clunky . 
A:  Having to tick it before you go off was a bit hindering as well , 
A:  But I think the pen is v is very intuitive , 
A:  So I think the pen's good . 
C:  And o on the topic of the technology , it just occurred to me that we actually didn't need to move our computers because each computer has all of the files . 
C:  We only actually needed one computer . 
A:  And the computer may not um be conducive to a meeting because um you tend to look at your computer and wanna have the urge to check something , you know , 
C:  well you know it's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you're told you must now work away from your team . 
C:  , the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other . 
B:  I think it was quite good that we had time limits on the meetings because they really could have run on 
B:  I really thi i I think maybe if we'd like all been working in the one room , 
B:  and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c 
A:  Oh , I did learn something new , Play-Doh is useful . 
A:  It is useful and in in in in in in in um conceptualizing , in being creative . 
A:  Like we were playing with the Play-Doh and the ideas came with the Play-Doh rather than with everything else . 
A:  It becomes tangible . 

C:  answering the question uh in those terms I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity 
C:  We're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology , but build something for twelve and a half pounds , 
C:  so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual  
A:  The constraints do come in very fast . 
D:  it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right , gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money . 
D:  Uh , reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting . 
D:  If we could just go up to somebody outside the meeting and have a quick talk with them , that would've been a lot easier . 
A:  I think the tools that they were given , the tool set that were given to us are fancy but they don't support collaboration , I think that's the word . 
C:  I mean sort of taking upon that idea , w the way I see this i is that it's uh the the s the structure in which we've we've approached this whole task is quite contrary to the p principle of teamwork 
C:  because the the tasks were d d sort of um divided , and then the work went on in isolation 
C:  , the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other . 
C:  well you know it's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you're told you must now work away from your team . 
B:  I really thi i I think maybe if we'd like all been working in the one room , 
B:  and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c 

None

A:  No . 
B:  Do we have kinetic as well ? 
B:  And that's because of cost restraints is it ? 
A:  Yep . 

A:  The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together , 

B:  So we want double-curved ? 

A:  We've got push buttons as well . 

A:  The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together , 

A:  so when we scroll we need just some way to get the T_V_ to respond , 

A:  Um so then these just become normal coloured buttons , 

C:  Square buttons ? 
A:  Yeah 

B:  So we're w w quite far over . 
B:  something's gonna have to go . 
B:  Um we're at sixteen point eight and  

