A:  here we have our detailed design meeting 
A:  where we will um look at the prototype 
A:  I finally figured out what this whole second bullet point is about in my  
A:  It means I'm supposed to read the minutes from the previous meeting . 
A:  um <other> just real briefly to go over minutes from last meeting , 
A:  basically the moral of the story from our last minute uh  last meeting was that <other> um we that we had meetings from  uh we had presentations done by the Industrial Designer , uh or from Nathan , and Ron and from Sarah about what we can do here 
A:  and we essentially came to the conclusion that we should develop a remote with uh voice recognition , 
A:  I_E_ that had a vaguely non-remote like shape 
A:  um because you didn't really need to use it as a remote 
A:  since you could just use your voice . 
A:  That would include some  mostly just the simple design features for a television operation 
A:  but with a slide or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users . 
A:  the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ were asked to go ahead and start developing a prototype for us to look at . 

B:  we have assembled our prototype , um . 
B:  Um , we took into account a lot of the things 
B:  that we went over in the last meeting , um . 
B:  Some of the most important things to consider are that we decided not to go for the touch screen 
B:  and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions , um . 
B:  This is going to be the on off button 
B:  and we have these buttons to go through the channels 
B:  um and then two volume buttons down here , 
B:  d uh we decided those were the most important uh buttons . 
B:  And then , for the more advanced uh functions there is a slide out panel here 
B:  um and you can see that there are lots of other things going on . 
B:  and provides a very nice aesthetic when it's all put away , um . 
B:  As far as the uh whole visible light thing , we decided to go with the multiple colours coming out , 
B:  Of course , if that's annoying for some people that function can be turned off . Um . 
C:  we talked a quite a bit about uh you know the the interchangeable uh faces 
C:  and what we've done here is come up with a bit of a natural look here 
C:  um f we call it fruity 
C:  of course that's uh interchangeable 
C:  and uh I think it would be desirable for the uh for the regular product in the in the in the in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued 
C:  but this is kind of something that can be done 
C:  um and as you can see on the television there 
C:  uh we have the uh voice detector device um on the top there . 
C:  Um . So that that will work quite well with with regard to finding this uh contraption . 
C:  if you give it a touch it does have actually a bit of a spongy feel , 
C:  clearly there's gonna be some more colours and what not available . 
B:  Um I worried about the materials , 
B:  uh  the entire thing is covered in a rubber coating 
B:  it's not gonna break like some types of plastic that's dropped . 
B:  and if you touch it it does have that nice squishy feel . 
B:  I dunno if you noticed , 
B:  but I wrote the uh the company's name on the telephone screen , 
C:  Um , but I think that's  I think that sums up the main features of our  of the remote , 
C:  Um , did we come in under budget ? 
B:  to put this into um production , we're looking at about  
B:  It was twelve fifty Euro 
B:  um and this actually came in at about eleven ninety nine . 
B:  um  obviously we had a choice with the buttons 
B:  whether to use scroll buttons or standard rubber buttons , 
B:  but we just went for a classic rubber button 
B:  So even though it has a lot of modern technology , um for example the voice recognition , 
B:  in a lot of ways it's just a simple remote 
C:  <other> Did we talk about the voice recognition uh option ? 
C:  on the back here you all noticed this area here which is actually the voice recognition uh uh console 
C:  and uh I think it's nicely designed into the into the overall look . 
C:  Um , but basically the voice recognition uh incorporates um the latest designs that our research team has been able to cufw uh come up with . 
C:  and um , I think that uh has given a proven um <other> ease of use and what not . 
C:  And uh allows features like the remote actually talking back to the user um , so . 
D:  <other> Do we have um other , for lack of a better word , skins ? Covers ? 
D:  or are those ones gonna be developed later once we see how the couple we have g go or ? 
C:  we didn't quite have enough material uh <laugh> . 
B:  as you can see this is just a most superficial layer 
B:  and um it'd be very easy to put another layer of something else like  
C:  Actually this bottom red ring here just unclips 
C:  and then you put a a new a new uh a new plate on top of that . 
C:  we definitely priced out a spongy  even spongier non-natural look um materials 
C:  We also continued on with the ideas that f following uh Apple's colour schemes with the kind of the uh light orange and the green . 
B:  It's not it's not quite a a face plate , 
B:  it's more like a pseudo-face plate 
B:  it locks into place such that , you know , it's pretty permanent 
B:  but at the same time , if we wanna go the other way it's just a matter of a couple of adjustments 
B:  and we could go the face plate way 
D:  Very cool , nice job . 

A:  <other> Um , <other> what we need to discuss now is the finance of it , um 
A:  you provided a number 
A:  that actually sounds quite nice . 
A:  Um the trouble is I was just given this by finance . 
A:  Um , it's a spreadsheet of the parts <cough> 
A:  and I've just tentatively put in what it's going to look like um . 
A:  if we can just itemize what's in here , 
A:  it's a solar cell thing 
A:  With a back-up battery ? 
C:  The voice recognition area actually doubles as uh as the solar cell area . Yeah . 
A:  <other> It's a s a speaker and a sensor at the same time 
A:  Um and the case , it's more of a single-curved case , 
A:  <other> Um and we've got a rubber skin material basically throughout . 
A:  Um . Push button interface um with this other drop-down 
A:  so maybe we've got two push button interfaces 
B:  And s I guess you have to mark special colour and special form as well , 
B:  'Cause it i it is very unconventional , 
D:  M come in at sixteen ? 
A:  a bit over budget , um . 
A:  what we could do perhaps , a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells 
A:  <other> um or take out the back-up battery . Uh  
C:  I think that uh if we're talking about it being one of our main selling features , being environmental and without the batteries and what not , 
B:  I mean we could take we could take the battery out of it you see 
B:  but you're gonna have to set up a call centre for that one per cent of the time 
B:  and saying oh look my remote isn't working 
B:  I think in the long-run it's better to keep the battery , 
D:  I mean obviously the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marketing this as like a natural , new thing , 
D:  but honestly if we cut that one piece out we're actually coming in under budget 
C:  I mean you might be able to sway me on the idea that  we  our main selling point could be already this voice recognition thing 
C:  I mean that's what sets us apart 
D:  perhaps when the cell technology comes down in price we can bring that back into the game 
C:  And the reality is you know , for me from an ideological stand point , I'd like to stick with the uh the solar cell , 
C:  but I h kind of have to throw myself in the in the business structure model here 
C:  and uh you know I think I think that I think that we need to come to a compromise here 
C:  and maybe move ahead with the project , without the solar cell . 
D:  I think unfortunately that's our best option . 
A:  'Cause we can't remove the push buttons 
A:  um , nor would changing the case materials . 
B:  Gotta do what you gotta do . 
C:  I think that was a good compromise you brought forward Sarah . 

A:  I guess now we just go to the project evaluation 
D:  basically I was just evaluating um <other> from what we know of how our product's working right now with the criteria that we set at the beginning of  
D:  these are the things we needed to do , 
D:  these are the things that look like we feel they're important . 
D:  Um so I was looking at basic design things , 
D:  are technologies up to where we hoped they would be 
D:  Is the design what we wanted it to do ? 
D:  and does it fulfil the aesthetic qualities that our original market research was looking for ? Um . 
D:  Does it respond to voice recognition ? 
D:  Um , the only thing is with with the pull-out panel , that is , can it take some adjusting 
D:  And overall , in general , it looks like it's coming up to par . 
D:  but then , once you get used to it , it does make a lot of sense . 
D:  So I think overall we're headed in the right direction . 
C:  They like that spongy feel . 
D:  I think eventually if we do um branch out with this product maybe we do have a higher budget options 
D:  and if it goes over with this model we can look into um wider range voice recognition like from other rooms of the house and stuff , 
B:  I am bit disappointed about losing the solar panel 

A:  I got this slide from the coach 
A:  this one's a bit unclear to me to be perfectly fair , um . 
A:  Um so I guess we are going to discuss um <laugh> our project process um 
A:  and I'm not sure what it's connected to . 
A:  I guess this is the point where we go um <other> uh out of role it looks like 
A:  and talk about our satisfaction for room for creativity and so forth 
A:  and how that all worked , I guess , um . 
D:  As in within the team or ? 
A:  I think so yeah . 
B:  Are we considering these points here ? 
D:  I think they're starting blocks 
D:  I think in general , for a day's worth of work we actually were <laugh> relatively productive , 
D:  considering the little amount of input we had going in . 
D:  Um , and the technology has definitely been a help , 
D:  it's really been interesting to try out all this new stuff . 
C:  We didn't use the whiteboard at all . 
A:  No , no whiteboard . <laugh> 
D:  and I feel like if you guys had been designing in here perhaps that would have changed 
D:  but because of room constraints , doesn't really matter . 
C:  Um , also had I not been intrigued about the pen , I don't think I woulda used it at all , 
C:  I didn't write barely anything . 
A:  Was pretty cool tack though . 
D:  I am disappointed I didn't get a note back from my personal coach . <laugh> 
A:  Attempts to contact coach ineffective <laugh> . 
C:  n I think there was a lot of room for creativity , 
C:  we could do whatever  basically what we wanted until the budget came down on us , um . 
D:  And even then we did get a decent product turned out 
D:  although it's not everything we wanted it to be . 
A:  I think , yeah re I thought it was like really creative actually , I mean . 
C:  <laugh> I think the teamwork was good as well . 
B:  My one my one criticism is that we didn't have enough colours to work with , 
D:  You could have developed multiple skins really had you had more colours . 
A:  What did you guys think about the the the roles ? 
B:  I think it was pretty clever 
B:  'cause we were never able to get too far off track 
B:  because the information came in at the right time 
B:  and kind of filled in the gaps enough . 
B:  At the same time you had enough room to kind of just make things up , 
D:  Though I did feel like th the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day . 
D:  but I didn't actually get any information for the last presentation at all . 
D:  Nothing , I didn't even get an email , 
D:  I feel like that was slightly lacking 
C:  when I was reporting about what each of us was doing I was often confused as to what you were doing <laugh> 
C:  um and then I also felt like you know a lot of our discussion would centre around n specifically what my task was 
C:  and then in the end I think our jobs kind of melded together a little bit more , 
B:  I think the most helpful thing out of everything was getting the the PowerPoint slides already put together for you 
D:  Yeah , already having the formatted stuff helped a lot . 
B:  'cause if we didn't have that there's no way we could have got all that done in time . 
C:  And I think your leadership was quite good . 
B:  It was really good yeah . 
A:  I did get  I I felt like I got way too into it . 
A:  But you guys felt that you could keep the , yeah , suspension of disbelief kind of like like the role and the  okay ? 
D:  except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand 
A:  Um you guys felt like there was enough teamwork in all ? 
D:  I think so . 
A:  No I , no I dunno , I d I I dunno , 
D:  I mean other than minor discussion at meetings there wasn't  except for the actual building , 
D:  but I feel like if this was a team project there actually would have been much more of the collaborative like brainstorming , use the board  
D:  and this would have been six months' worth of work , not like three hours' worth of meetings . 
B:  is there anything about the way that we got so much inform what was it that kept us from going to the the board ? 
D:  I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires , 
D:  I was afraid I was gonna break something actually . 
B:  and each time you get up it's s a possibility of tripping over something or getting tangled or . 
C:  I dunno what I woulda shown on that board . 
C:  it's just like the paper I don't know what I really needed the paper for . 
B:  Usually I would do a lot more doodling too 
D:  I felt like I needed to be professional 
A:  I I'm curious about what the de-briefing is gonna be like . 
C:  is this all we need to get through ? 
A:  I'm not sure what the new ideas found i is about . 
D:  It  did it just say in an email that we need to discuss that ? 
A:  that's the thing I got  i in the email I got this PowerPoint file 
A:  I didn't change this one at all . 
C:  Any new ideas with regard to remote control concepts ? <laugh> 
D:  Uh I think they still do their job . 
A:  how much can you do with a remote control ? 
D:  how long was our meeting supposed to be ? 
A:  I I I mm we should go on a bit  yeah  about the project eval , um . 
A:  I dunno about you guys but I felt like a bit under-stimulated on the whole thing . 
D:  at the beginning it started out 
D:  and I felt actually like under pressure 
D:  and I was like  had like all this brainstorming I was doing 
D:  and then suddenly I was like well it's just another two minute presentation 
D:  that you guys don't really care about anyway 
D:  like we all sort of knew where we were headed with it 
B:  Definitely when <other> when I first filled out the questionnaire I was marking it probably higher in terms of how much I had to  how much I stressed over it 
B:  and then by the time I got to the last one I was like , you know , not very much . 
C:  Think it was also realisation of you basically just copy and paste what's given to you into your presentation 
A:  every single one I  a all the presentations I either added slides 
A:  or edited 'em . 
D:  My slides were all blank , 
D:  they'd have a title maybe 
D:  with the whole new background being innovative , yeah that was class . 
D:  An interesting day all in all I would say . 
A:  It seemed like everything flowed pretty logically . You know from the the the basics to the conce 
A:  although the whole concepts thing , the whole concepts phase , I don't think I really understood like the concept . 

A:  we've established that the costs weren't really within budget , 
A:  We did the project evaluation based on um <other> Sarah's evaluation of on off switches 
D:  though it was really technically an evaluation of the product , not the project in general . 
A:  And it's all recorded , 
A:  I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end 
A:  so I'll put all that into the final report as well , or as much as seems like  
A:  uh I will save this into the project documents . 
C:  You guys ready to celebrate ? 
A:  that's our last step . Celebration . 
A:  I guess we can probably call that meeting to an end for the most part . 
A:  I guess we'll call that a a doner . 
D:  that's the end of the meeting . 

A:  I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end 
A:  so I'll put all that into the final report as well , or as much as seems like  

A:  what we could do perhaps , a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells 
D:  but honestly if we cut that one piece out we're actually coming in under budget 
C:  and maybe move ahead with the project , without the solar cell . 
D:  I think unfortunately that's our best option . 

B:  As far as the uh whole visible light thing , we decided to go with the multiple colours coming out , 

B:  but we just went for a classic rubber button 

D:  Though I did feel like th the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day . 
D:  but I didn't actually get any information for the last presentation at all . 
D:  Nothing , I didn't even get an email , 
D:  I feel like that was slightly lacking 
C:  when I was reporting about what each of us was doing I was often confused as to what you were doing <laugh> 
C:  um and then I also felt like you know a lot of our discussion would centre around n specifically what my task was 
C:  and then in the end I think our jobs kind of melded together a little bit more , 

C:  we could do whatever  basically what we wanted until the budget came down on us , um . 

