C:  the function <other> of a remote control , as what uh we've been informed , is basically to send messages to the television set , 
C:  for example , switch it on , switch it off , go to this channel , go to channel nine , turn the volume up , etcetera . 
C:  whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen , things like that , all the more complicated functions of menus . 
C:  And we can decide if that's what we want ,  , um if we want to include that on the remote , if that's something that would stay on the T_V_ itself , for example . 
C:  These are two examples . 
C:  Um and you can see on the left , it's got a lot more buttons , 
C:  And then on the right , it's a lot more simpler , 
C:  And then lastly , it's just the questions that we want to consider 
C:  like what functions do we want it to include , and how simple , complex it should be ? 

A:  Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements . 
D:  okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab , 
D:  and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire , 
D:  Seventy five percent think they're ugly . 
D:  Eighty percent want  they've  are willing to spend more , which is good news for us um if we make it look fancier , 
D:  And we need we need it to be simple , yet it needs to be high-tech looking . So  
A:  What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user , like they have to press the buttons . 
D:  I I think it's like the engineering versus user , 
D:  <other> And so people say that they typically lose it , 
D:  and R_S_I_ , I'm not very sure what that is . 
B:  Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is ? 
D:  Uh yeah , that's what my web site said , 
D:  I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly . 
D:  And also we found  our team found that speech recognition is  it's like an up-and-coming thing 
A:  <other> Didn't they  um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would  the remote would beep so if you have lost it  
A:  We could definitely include that if we wanted to . 

D:  and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there , because they only use ten percent of the buttons really . 

B:  'Kay . Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one , 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating . 
B:  Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip . 
B:  Um power source , I figured , batteries , 
B:  Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s , sometimes three . 
B:  so a large on-off button would probably be good . 

B:  Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness , 
C:  but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . 
D:  Like that we know the battery's working . 

A:  New product requirements . 
A:  First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote . 
A:  so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . 
A:  But it's becoming out-dated now , because of the Internet . 
A:  Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news , 
A:  So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . 

A:  Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? 
A:  Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically  
A:  non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . 
A:  so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range  

D:  we we need a like homing device . 
B:  And on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger , 
B:  and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you . 
C:  Well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery . 
B:  Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually . 
C:  If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic . 
D:  It's really the people twenty five to thirty five . 
A:   and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . 

A:  And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . 
A:  We could just have the logo in yellow , 
A:  or maybe a yellow light for the keys . 
C:  If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom  the base of it , just like yellow with the R_R_ . 
C:  Well , do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine ? 
D:  Well , we definitely need those . 
A:  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , 
A:  or no menu buttons . 
A:  So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers  
D:  Yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those 
D:  or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ? 
A:  I think that that's fine just for the T_V_ . 
C:  you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons . 

A:  The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , 
A:  um U_I_D_ the user interface concept , 
A:  and you're going to do some trend watching . 

A:  The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , 

A:  um U_I_D_ the user interface concept , 

A:  and you're going to do some trend watching . 

B:  We need a power source , we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional . 

C:  but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . 
D:  Like that we know the battery's working . 

C:  Well , should it be larger buttons in general , 
D:  I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles . 

A:  Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? 
A:  Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically  
A:  non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . 

None

A:  So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . 
A:  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , 
A:  or no menu buttons . 
A:  So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers  
C:  So we just have it like  add a menu button then for the various things needed , 

A:  And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . 

A:   and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . 
D:  we we need a like homing device . 

None

