D:  Okay , so trend watching . 
D:  fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like , fancy versus functional , 
D:  and then it has to also be technologically innovative , and yet easy to use . 
D:  So the customer basically is confused . 
D:  um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year . 
D:  um we need easy to read like large buttons , clearly labelled 

D:  So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing , shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns . 
D:  Um . But as for the fruits and vegetable patterns , I don't know if we really want to go with that , 

C:  looking at the interface concept , it's gonna be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this . 
C:  Um uh can't really see , but there's two possible ways , 
C:  on the r left , if you see on th on the sides of of the remote , you have the sort of scroll down , 
C:  And then on the right , we have what's really big trend right now , it's the iPod . 
C:  and it's sort of like you have the both  kind of trendy and hip , but also very sleek and um and very simple , but technologically advanced . 
C:  Um there's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight . 
C:  for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow . 
C:  Um this is particularly geared towards children . 
C:  Um and you have the shapes and it's very simplistic and friendly looking . 
C:  and then down at the bottom you have the logos 
C:  and that's where you could put the R_R_ , Real Reaction . 
C:  <cough> <other> But it's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying , well out of this one we like , you know the round section of um , b or we'd like the the button size on this . 

B:  So basic remote operation runs as follows , 
B:  we need rubber for buttons , aluminium for battery y contacts , integrated circuit which consists of a diode , transistor , resonator , resistors , and a capacitator , 
B:  um contact discs for the buttons , plastic for the casing , and a power-source , 
B:  whatever power-source we've actually determined we want . 
B:  They suggested power options , solar cells , hand dynamo , and kinetic power , 
B:  Um I'm not sure how the hand dynamo works , 
B:  We can offer options for casing such as straight , curved , double-curved , you know , 
B:  very specific to the customer . 
B:  <other> Um certain restrictions do apply here though . 
B:  And uh so you  functions what  for the buttons , scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves . 
B:  Um the manufacturing division also has said that um <other> they have several types of chips 
B:  and they've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip , which we could utilise . 
B:  Um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip . 

C:  Let me just add one more thing that I couldn't say before , 
C:  and that's just that there's the new technology that they've developed on the voice recognition . 
C:  um there's a sample sensor and there's a sample speaker unit for  
C:  So , you would say like , good morning , coffeemaker , and it would respond , good morning , Jill , 
C:  I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work , 'cause do you programme  do we program the responses and the questions . 
D:  I feel like voice recognition would be , I don't know , w it would be too hard to really  

D:  I feel like voice recognition would be , I don't know , w it would be too hard to really  
A:  If it's within our price to get that kind of chip that would , you know , technology  
B:  But , I guess , we have to look at w what <other> our production cost is for the chip itself anyway . 
A:  let's let's see if we can decide what kind of energy source we want to have first and foremost . Um . 
A:  It's not gonna be a huge universal remote . 
C:  'cause it still fits in your hand , so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial , but not necessarily full of buttons . 
B:  If we do a voice-activated locator , though , we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip . 
A:  Okay , so what kind of material do we want to be made out of ? 
B:  I don't think wood is a viable option . 
B:  'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium , 
A:  I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm 
A:  not sure that we'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of 
B:  Are we gonna go with the voice activated  
A:  Uh and what size batteries , double A_ , triple A_ ? 
B:  or we could do one small lithium , 
A:  I ki I kind of <other> like your idea about the retro phone dial , 
C:  'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle , then is it gonna get wider than your your hands are , 
C:  because w And then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it ? 
B:  which I think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side , 
C:  Well , the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side . 
C:  Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that . 
A:  I think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though , 
A:  or if we're going for the retro look , I think , like a really shiny black would be cool . 
D:  or like a gun-metal grey , 
C:  I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button . 
B:  It'll wear off . <laugh> 

B:  Honestly , I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base 
D:  I think if we had a a locating device with the small one , I think that seems way more advanced . 

A:  I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost , you know . 
D:  because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time . 

B:  uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power , I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , 
B:  because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . 
B:  um we could do f a cherry cover for this year 
B:  So we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could <other> give two latex covers to start . 

B:  so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . 
A:  Like a little cut-out kind of  
D:  Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow . 

A:  The I_D_ is going to do the look and feel design , 
A:  the U_I_D_ the user interface design . 
A:  Okay , and right now , the I_D_ and U_I_D_ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . 
A:  I think you're going to get a lot of , I mean , the final say on what buttons get put  

A:  'Kay . And you're gonna do some product evaluation . 

A:  the U_I_D_ the user interface design . 
A:  The I_D_ is going to do the look and feel design , 
A:  Okay , and right now , the I_D_ and U_I_D_ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . 
A:  I think you're going to get a lot of , I mean , the final say on what buttons get put  

A:  'Kay . And you're gonna do some product evaluation . 

A:  I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm 
A:  not sure that we'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of 

B:  because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . 
B:  uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power , I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , 
B:  um we could do f a cherry cover for this year 
B:  So we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could <other> give two latex covers to start . 

D:  I think if we had a a locating device with the small one , I think that seems way more advanced . 

A:  I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost , you know . 
D:  because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time . 

B:  so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . 
A:  Like a little cut-out kind of  
D:  Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow . 

A:  not sure that we'll have the time and money to <other> produce a whole array of 

