A:  w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control . 
A:  taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh <other> uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand 
A:  and uh we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody , 
A:  uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company . 
A:  um <other> I'll just go round th the table , 
A:  Andrew , marketing , 
A:  um m Kendra with the uh um  designing the the the User Interface 
A:  uh uh and Kate with the the industrial design . Um . 
A:  ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want , 
A:  uh everybody has a contribution to make 

A:  if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background 
A:  in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly 
D:  my name's Andrew 
D:  I'm a  I'm the Market Research person for this uh for this meeting and this uh project for creating this new remote control 
D:  and uh yeah I'll be uh presenting information statistics on what people want to want to uh get from this new design , 
D:  what people want to  like  and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view . 
C:  <other> I'm Kendra 
C:  and I'm the Us User Interface Designer and um <other> 
C:  I haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before 
B:  <laugh> Uh I'm Katie , 
B:  I'm the Industrial Designer 
B:  and I'll just be I guess presenting about the the inter workings of our little remote control 

A:  um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do . 
A:  The the remote control needs to be original , 
A:  there has to be something about it that uh other remote controls don't have 
A:  um and that goes along with being trendy , uh uh you know the I want it uh scenario . 
A:  User-friendly 
A:  as as we all know , remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly 
A:  And last but not least , or indeed first of all , it it must make the company money , 

A:  The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design , uh what it uh what it must actually do , 
A:  the uh conceptual design , uh how we actually present that to the consumer 
A:  and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production . 

A:  Uh now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board 
A:  and uh uh <other> let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here , um  
A:  In fact I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the uh the the wires , that we don't do that , um 
A:  everybody knows what whiteboard is 
A:  so we'll um uh we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own uh uh favourite animal , 
A:  but le let's go round the table , 
D:  Um , badger . <other> 
C:  <laugh> Um probably a duck 
B:  Uh 's horses , 
A:  I think homo sapien 

A:  and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh  we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um , 
A:  we want to m make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros 
A:  so we're we're looking at selling a lot of these um ag across the the entire planet 
A:  and and we're looking at a gross profit of fifty percent . 
A:  <other> It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make . 

A:  would anybody like t like to to start by giving their o um sort of quick views of of current remote controls . 
C:  I think  I find a lot of them really complicated to use with all the different buttons 
C:  and uh it's handiest when you have one that works both the D_V_D_ player or whatever and the T_V_ as well . 
C:  Um , but that  it's easy to  if you can switch back and forth instead of having to <other> press a bunch of different buttons 
C:  so I think it's is best when they're clearly labelled 
C:  and you can see which buttons you're supposed to use , 
A:  Or anybody else , strong feelings about remote controls ? 
B:  Um  <laugh> I think it's important that you should be able to  when you when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere 
B:  and you shouldn't have to like contort yourself 
D:  Think a lot of the time , remotes that come with T_V_ players and  T_V_s and D_V_ players , like they aren't 
D:  they're very boring , 
D:  making a a stylish remote control would be a very like  
D:  Easily put us one step ahead of the current competition . 
D:  <other> Um . Something that looks looks  doesn't look like remote control . 
A:  I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control , 
A:  <laugh> people won't see it as a remote control 
C:  I think something that's comfortable to hold 
C:  because sometimes you get the remote controls that are just those big , rectangular things 
C:  so something that's more comfortable 
C:  that fits in a person's hand better . 
D:  that instead of being raised out of the device uh you push into device you see , like a mouse button . 
D:   remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it 
D:  whereas if you want   
D:  could all be flat 
A:  I mean <other> the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room um you need to be able to uh 
A:  fi find the button buttons easily . 
C:  But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them  be kind of down 
A:  must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons , 
A:  I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all . 
A:  Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something 
D:  we could have parallel marketing s schemes 
D:  where you've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool , is fashionable 
D:  it's it's like uh it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device , 
D:  I think it's  this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room 
B:  They they just need to be very very dependable 
B:  because people sort of take them for granted 
B:  it needs to be very effective , very  always dependable . Uh 
B:  but also if you make it too small kinda like you know how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller um , it's just gonna end up under a couch cushion somewhere and um yeah . 
C:  most  I think most of the remote controls now are either just black or grey , 
C:  I was just thinking of um <other> what they're doing with mobile phones now 
C:  how you can get the different um  what are they called ? Like the face-plates 
C:  I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that , 
C:  so people can get different different things . 
A:  Again I don't think that's ever been done before , 
D:  but uh <other> maybe thinking of that , it's  considering the nature of the device , maybe a second thing  like a second campaign to market new facials for your  to your  might go a bit astray 
D:  since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one 
B:  you could come up with like novelty ones , 

A:  I think we've got um a good idea now . 
A:  Needs to be k uh wrapped up fairly quickly . 
A:  we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail . 
A:  Um then we'll we will reconvene in in thirty minutes 
A:  and try to get some of these ideas uh uh more formalised . 

A:  and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh  we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um , 

A:  we want to m make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros 

A:  <other> It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make . 

None

