A:  welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group . 
A:  Um <other> I'll briefly go through the uh notes of the of the last meeting 
A:  we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour . 
A:  Um and and we s we saw that the um what we needed to do was to to make sure the device um controls several items , 
A:  that switching was easy , 
A:  that you shouldn't need to point the thing at uh anything in particular , 
A:  um that it need to be contoured to make it interesting , 
A:  that the keys might be concave , 
A:  Um should have interchangeable fascias 
A:  um illuminated 
A:  Um and that people might want it as as  in addition to their existing remote controls . 
A:  And that it shouldn't be too small , 
A:  mm that it it gets lost . Um . 

A:  I'll shortly ask for for three three presentations . 
A:  Uh before I do that , however , I will go through some new project requirements 
A:  that um  the the management have placed on us 
A:  Um the uh the ma the management has had it's own thoughts on this 
A:  and uh the they don't necessarily agree with with what we uh we thought . 
A:  the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet . 
A:  Um and and they want it only to cover televisions . 
A:  what is not q quite clear from their directive is 
A:  whether they mean th they don't want it to cover teletext 
A:  or whether they don't want it to cover , you know , videos , D_V_D_s , um satellite boxes , 
A:  which uh  I mean we saw as being fundamental to the uh to the exercise . 
A:  The um the actual wording of the directive is that it should cover television only . 
A:  Um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours . 
A:  Um the the logo uh being at b the bottom of the screen there , the the the two R_s in grey against uh a yellow background . 
A:  this doesn't <other> necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market . 
A:  Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , 
A:  but uh um we we need to talk that through . 

D:  these are functionality requirements from the  our our guys down in the the research lab . 
D:  Took hundred people 
D:  and covered all the aspects of what um is needed by people and what they want to see . 
D:  Um <other> everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions are  how mu how how often they're used and how much their necessary and stuff . And general opinions about current current remotes . 
D:  See that , as we kinda noticed , seventy five percent of people find their remote controls ugly . 
D:  Uh along with um looking less ugly , if it looks better , eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it . 
D:  Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user . 
D:  I kinda take that to mean as um <other> they they don't uh  they , yeah , they only use  they only work for the television 
D:  as in in my flat I've got six remote controls for a stereo system , a digital box , a D_V_D_ player , a video player and T_V_ . 
D:  Uh again , seventy five percent is  seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot . 
D:  fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons , 
D:  we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext , 
D:  but uh oh and we're going to see uh on the  uh that some of the functions like audio settings aren't h hardly ever used 
D:  So I think maybe fewer buttons , 
D:  which also make the design look sleeker , 
D:  frustrations of like people losing remote control . 
D:  maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the T_V_ 
D:  it would have to incorporate  , but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control . 
D:  Maybe like it'll beep or something . 
D:  the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is  
D:  And uh repetitive strain injury , 
D:  I suppose we should make it more comfortable 
D:  like I was saying about the whole mice  the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable . 
D:  Maybe don't even have to hold it as such . 
D:  It also asked um if we would  if people would pay more for speech recognition 
D:  and younger people say they would . 
D:  And uh there was another section on our  on the report for uh L_C_D_ displays , 
D:  but the data wasn't there , 
A:  I must say that um the uh  I c can't remember what <other> um f you know phone service I was using the other day , 
A:  but that had sorta speech recognition 
A:  which worked uh remarkably well , 
D:  And uh <laugh> it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you  <laugh> 
D:  possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design . 
D:  I've got some other things 
D:  I couldn't fit onto this presentation . 
D:  Uh functionality , uh like people's opinions on functionality , the relevance to the remote and how often they're used . 
D:  like the power . Using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on T_V_ is a high relevance of nine , 
D:  but it's not frequently used . 
D:  Whereas channel selection , which is very high relevance 
D:  is used the most . 

D:  I was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use . 
D:  Maybe like uh a folding ledge or something . So that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings , 
D:  And keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily  
C:  uh I was just gonna say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use ? 
C:  you could have the most <other> used buttons on top 
D:  like the one that like slides back 
D:  and the buttons are concealed underneath . 
A:  If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all um <other> remove them altogether . 
A:  I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition , 
A:  what we didn't have was what proportion of people using remotes were in those particular age groups . 
A:  Forty  no sorry  for forty five to fifty five age group , uh to put myself right in the middle of it , um u use remote controls to a great extent . 
A:  again , we don't know the relative proportion  the relative numbers in the age groups . 
A:  If we wanted something different , truly different , then the buttonless remote control w would be it . 
B:  the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls . 
A:  But if you just lift it up and say , channel one or B_B_C_  
D:  You could just put it down once on top your T_V_ 
C:  and then it doesn't matter where in the room you are , 
A:  I can I can see technical problems with that in terms of the , you know , the sound from the television , 
A:  because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh , you know , I_T_V_ and you're watching B_B_C_ then then it might um change itself , 
A:  so it probably needs to be um  possibly actually need a button on it 
A:  Or or something just to identify that you've lifted it up and it's use . 
A:  w we need to s identify things that <other> people actually need 
A:  and and it's a function of frequency and relevance . 
A:   if we can design something that that looks interesting , 
A:  um incorporates the the logo and and the colours 
A:  and um we can still have our interchangeable fascias even if it's  the yellow and grey , um 
A:  buttons or or buttons as an option . 
D:  Uh you were saying about um it could  technical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed  
D:  we could maybe have like an activation 
A:  if we want to make this so simple that anybody can walk into the room and lift it up and say 
D:  I mean I'm just thinking of the point of view of peop you could still like lose this remote . 
A:  Do you want to just carry on with  
D:  I was just kinda wrapping up there . 
D:  eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better , 
D:  take out the limited functio functions 
D:  but as for channel settings and stuff it might it might um turn people somewhe peop some people that want the whole functionality away . 
A:  S s we could  we could make it dual function  voice recognition and  still have buttons on it um 

C:  this is just about the technical functions . 
C:  the method , I looked online for examples of other similar products 
C:  and then just kind of was trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas 
C:  Um and then there are two different kinds that I found . 
C:  There's a user centred one and an engineering centred one 
C:  these are the two different ones . 
C:  This one um  this is the user centred , 
C:  it has uh quite a few mm uh um fewer buttons 
C:  and then this is the engineering centred , 
C:  which has a lot more buttons , 
C:  what a remote control is is you  it's to send messages to the television set , 
C:  turn on , off , switch the channels and the volume and things such as that . 
C:  And so for this product it's gonna be television only , 
C:  and then it has to have the uh logos 
C:  for my personal preferences , I think this one is easier to use 
C:  and has quite a  you know , fewer buttons . 
C:  Um we want something that sends messages easily to the television 
C:  and I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top , 
C:  then that would be easier . 
C:  the unique style , maybe have it light up 
C:  um the changeable face-plates , 
C:  maybe to have a button on the television that you press and it  maybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that , 
C:  when we were talking about havi losing it , 

B:  I'll just do my presentation on the working design uh . 
B:  Uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system , the the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ player or whatever . 
B:  Um and it does this uh by  well , you need  to start off you need an energy source <other> 
B:  and this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip 
B:  and the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages uh within the remote 
B:  um which will then be sent to the uh the television , the D_V_D_ to tell that what to do . 
B:  Um and you need a user interface , 
B:  which controls the chip and thus the messages 
B:  and uh the user interface is  that's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it . Um  
B:  Uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source , <other> uh some sort of user interface , 
B:  which I think we've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that . 
B:  Um a circuit chip within that to uh control and send the messages and um a sender and receiver . 
B:  This is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for . 
B:  my personal preferences  
B:  I I just think we need sorta big uh energy source that won't die out , 
B:  uh perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery 
B:  or a battery dock you could place it in , 
B:  so you wouldn't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you . 
B:  Uh also definitely a user-friendly interface <other> 
B:  um and I think we've all sort of mentioned adding a a locating device on it , 

A:  I think your point about the the big energy source is uh a very valid one . 
A:  Um I don't suppose we've got any statistics on the the life expectancy of uh remote controls , particularly sort of independent ones . 
A:  you know , the number of things you buy these days , which you know , have a a a lithium whatever battery in , 
A:  Um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control , 
A:  the the the battery will last 
A:  know , five , ten years . 
A:  uh uh p perhaps we should , know , reduce the uh , you know , the sort of moving parts even more by not even having a battery compartment 
B:  Just having one that's guaranteed to last five to ten years ? 
A:  it's actually a marketing gimmick . 
A:  it's uh it's totally practical . 
A:  Uh so I th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um 
A:  uh unless you're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it's n by , you know , magnetic waves or whatever , 
D:  It could have like uh  know like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time . 
C:  I mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there , 
B:  'Cause I only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies . <laugh> 
A:  what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery ? 
D:  Uh . That sounds pretty good , yeah . 
C:  Do they make batteries that last that long ? 
A:  but there are certainly things that you buy . I mean calculators for example . 
C:  Yeah , they have that little solar  
B:  Most of them , don't they have sort of a combination of the two , 
B:  when there is light , they'll work off the light , 
B:  and if there isn't , they'll kick into this battery , 
B:  so we can maybe do something like that 
A:  I mean the the actual time that a remote control is actually operating 
A:  I would think is i is is probably , you know , no more than minutes in its entire life . 
D:  like like this um this uh market research thing says number of times per hour that it's used , channel selection a hundred and sixty eight 
A:  That does sound excessive . 

A:  We're looking at extreme simplicity . 
A:  We're looking at a radically different shape . 
A:  Possibly no buttons at all um , 
A:  but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design , then then that's fine . 
A:  Um I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition 
A:  um and the the only buttons that I think we need are channel control , volume control and on off . 
A:  and <other> there's no reason why we can't introduce um interchangeable uh covers . <other> 
A:  Um it needs to incorporate the corporate logo , uh the the grey and yellow colour scheme 
A:  <other> Yeah . We are doing just the television . 
C:  are we doing just the television 
C:  so not D_V_D_ players , 
A:  I think that's quite clear from the the information that we've been given , 
A:  we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting , 

A:  the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet . 

A:  Um and and they want it only to cover televisions . 

A:  Um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours . 

A:  Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , 
A:  We're looking at extreme simplicity . 

A:  rather than the uh the the traditional  
A:  Um something like this shape , 
A:  sort of something that you can  that's sort of a more vertical shape , 
A:  uh uh uh l uh l such as  I mean um something you hold up like that , 
A:  We're looking at a radically different shape . 

A:  S s we could  we could make it dual function  voice recognition and  still have buttons on it um 
C:  and has quite a  you know , fewer buttons . 
A:  if minimum number of buttons is our priority , then we should , as I say , r know , really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum , 
A:  possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off . Um and nothing else . 
A:  but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design , then then that's fine . 

A:  I can I can see technical problems with that in terms of the , you know , the sound from the television , 
B:  the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls . 
A:  I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition , 
A:  because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh , you know , I_T_V_ and you're watching B_B_C_ then then it might um change itself , 
A:  so it probably needs to be um  possibly actually need a button on it 
A:  Or or something just to identify that you've lifted it up and it's use . 
D:  Uh you were saying about um it could  technical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed  
D:  we could maybe have like an activation 
A:  Um I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition 

A:  the the the battery will last 
A:  Um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control , 
A:  know , five , ten years . 
A:  Uh so I th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um 
A:  uh unless you're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it's n by , you know , magnetic waves or whatever , 
D:  It could have like uh  know like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time . 
C:  I mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there , 
A:  what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery ? 
D:  Uh . That sounds pretty good , yeah . 
C:  Do they make batteries that last that long ? 
A:  but there are certainly things that you buy . I mean calculators for example . 
C:  Yeah , they have that little solar  
B:  Most of them , don't they have sort of a combination of the two , 
B:  when there is light , they'll work off the light , 
B:  and if there isn't , they'll kick into this battery , 
B:  so we can maybe do something like that 

A:  and <other> there's no reason why we can't introduce um interchangeable uh covers . <other> 
C:  um the changeable face-plates , 

