A:  Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group . 
A:  Um I'll again very quickly uh just present some notes of that meeting . 
A:  Um <other> the the the problem with existing remote controls , we felt , was that they're ugly 
A:  Um they've got lots of buttons on them 
A:  that uh people don't use 
A:  Um and people lose them . 
A:  um <other> that we're  <other> we should look at speech recognition rather than r rather than buttons , 
A:  and that if we have any buttons they should be very few of them and only for those functions that are actually identified that that people use . 
A:  um <other> we want to go for uh a long lasting battery 
A:  and a shape that will be instantly recognisable , A_ um as uh a trendy remote control , and and B_ as uh a Real Reaction product . 
A:  again um , I'll  we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you 
A:  and then uh we'll we'll make a a final a final uh decision . 
A:  Um and the the decisions that we need to to make today , finally , are um what energy source we want to use , 
A:  And uh I I think our discussion was around the fact that uh if we're gonna go for uh a long lasting power supply , then basically it's uh sealed for life 
A:  um  and uh this is where I need uh uh Kate's expert advice 
A:  um d d do we go for a custom designed chip ? 
A:  Or or do we buy one off the shelf and and programme it ourselves ? 
A:  <other> we we had some discussions last time as as to uh how we might go forward 
A:  and we'll we'll finalise those uh da today . 
A:  Um and thi this is all linked in with the the the user interface , 
A:  Uh and then uh , you know , f for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the s the look , feel and design , 
A:  Kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it 
A:  and and Andrew of course the the product evaluation . 
A:  And uh Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at . 

B:  I'll just be talking about the components design . 
B:  basically I just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do . 
B:  Uh basically they wait for you to press a key or give a voice command 
B:  and then this is translated uh into uh light signals 
B:  which are then seen by the T_V_ . 
B:  Uh the materials we're gonna need to look at  uh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery 
B:  and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator , uh two more resistors and a capacitor 
B:  and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor . Um . <makes tutting sounds> 
B:  Uh basically what happens is you'll press a number or give a voice command 
B:  and this creates a a connection within the the remote 
B:  the chip then senses this connection 
B:  and produces a signal in a Morse code format . 
B:  This signal's sent to the transistor 
B:  and then sends it on to the light emitting diode 
B:  which is then trai changed into a infrared light 
B:  as for how we should end up uh using this in our remote uh t couple of main questions are the buttons . 
B:  Uh y the fewer buttons you have , I guess the fewer internal connections and internal codes you're gonna need . Um 
B:  however uh to n not have buttons or to use a voice commands instead of buttons might make these connections more difficult 
B:  Also we have to work within the company constraints , 
B:  and the company has informed me via email that uh they're experts at pushbuttons 
B:  and that seems to be the most uh cost-effective way of producing it . 

B:  Uh the materials we're gonna need to look at  uh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery 
B:  and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator , uh two more resistors and a capacitor 
B:  and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor . Um . <makes tutting sounds> 
B:  Uh basically what happens is you'll press a number or give a voice command 
B:  and this creates a a connection within the the remote 
B:  the chip then senses this connection 
B:  and produces a signal in a Morse code format . 
B:  This signal's sent to the transistor 
B:  and then sends it on to the light emitting diode 
B:  which is then trai changed into a infrared light 
B:  Um also with battery connections the company has some limits on the batteries we can use , 
B:  so I was thinking perhaps a combination of solar cells with a back-up basic battery 
B:  and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years 
B:  <other> Um we also need to look at the chips , uh v custom-designed versus off the shelf , 
B:  and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility 
B:  and enable us to incorporate the voice function that we all uh seem to have agreed upon . 
B:  Um , however that's gonna cost more , 
B:  but uh the off the shelf is gonna be uh cheaper 
B:  but it's going to be less flexible with the features , especially things like uh voice activation , 
B:  so if we were uh definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design um our own chip . 
A:  inevitably a b a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive . 
A:  Do we do we know uh by how much ? 
B:  I don't actually have any price information , 
A:  And and do we know how long it'll take to uh develop a a custom chip . 
B:  a lot longer than an off the shelf chip . 
A:  I think we need to make a a decision here . 
A:  Uh given that the company wants this on the market quickly and cheaply , 
A:  that would appear to uh effectively constrain us to an existing chip and thus therefore conventional button technology . 
C:  Um does it make a difference if there are just a few commands , 
C:  for example if you um can pre-programme in like numbers one through ten 
C:  and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one 
B:  Once you've got the whole voice chip in there , then it's pretty much the the world  the the sky is your limit , 
A:  given that , you know , mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling . 
A:  speak somebody's name and it'll dial the number for you , 
C:  Of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive , 
D:  maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost . 
C:  I kinda think if we're gonna have the voice recognition for part of it , then maybe we should have it for the whole thing . 
A:  given that the um the technology is not well developed 
A:  and and given that it's it's never been done before , 
A:  uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons , 
C:  Anyway , I'm I'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it . 
A:  it will have voice recognition um uh 

C:  so I did some research on the internet 
C:  the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users , 
C:  um commands and mechanisms for the operation , 
C:  and there're just kind of a variety of choices . 
C:  Um findings , 
C:  a lot of times they tend to look cluttered 
C:  and these were just a couple examples of um different kinds that are a little bit more unusual . 
C:  There're some special ones available , like this one right here , 
C:  which is marketed towards children , um different designs , 
C:  and one of the things that n we need to watch out for is a V_ in volume 
C:  <laugh> Bring a little picture of what I thought ours could look like <laugh> . 

C:  just kind of minimise the clutter , 
C:  avoid too many buttons 
C:  and also um <other> one of the things that people have used is a slide button , like you have on a mouse , 
C:  that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume , for example , have the slide button on the side , 
A:  I mean I think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they're they're si simple , cheap and reliable . 
B:  I think they're they're about the same cost really . 
B:  there's a lot of slide buttons out there . 
A:  Okay , fair enough , fine . 
C:  for example if I'm using a mouse I like to be able to slide it up and down 
C:  so I thought it might be good for volume to just be able to kind of roll it and then have the up and down 
A:  So three three  there's three buttons on a slider . 
C:  The only advantage I was thinking of to having the buttons , like the buttons on one side for the channel , and then the slider is that if you're just holding in your hand , and you pick it up , it's easy to n s know , okay , this is just the volume and this is the channel . 
B:  'cause I've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume , or vice versa , 
B:  so it'd be kinda good to have them be  feel completely different . 
D:  like the shape of it almost like a mouse , 
A:  so we we're looking at sliders for both a  uh volume and channel change 
C:  I was thinking kind of just for the volume , 
B:  in that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and the  that for rolling , 

D:  this is my report on trend watching . 
D:  The data's come off internet uh from executive summary for us on the top three things wanted by the consumer . 
D:  And we got reports from Paris , Milan on new fashions . 
D:  And uh the most important aspect is the l the look 
D:   it has to look fancy , look and feel 
D:  uh instead of the current functional look and feel . 
D:  I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect , 
D:  which is the technologically innov innovative um side of it . 
D:  and the third being easy to use is probably a given , 
A:  I think that what we're suggesting ought to address all three of those . 
D:  from the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes , et cetera . 
D:  clothes , shoes and furniture 
D:  and uh a spongy material to be used on the <laugh> on the outside . 
A:  that's different , certainly . 
D:  if we're going for the it looks fancy , then fashion is obviously the line we gotta be going through . 
D:  But fashions do don't last very long . 
B:  that can kinda tie into our changing uh face things , 
B:  like we could have the fruit and vegetable theme this year 
B:  and uh whatever happens next year , we can have the face plates , 
D:  we can have a sp like a spongy skin on it 
A:  Also means you can drop it without damaging it . 
D:  depending on the cost of the product itself , you know , could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed ? Instead of having a ten year guarantee ? 
D:  With interchangeable covers , could just buy a new one every year , a new one when new fashions come out . 
A:  it's like the old Swatch watch 
A:  where uh um on only batteries ever got changed in those , 
A:  'cause people just bought a new one when it went out of fashion , 
A:  I mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last , you know , a long time . 

C:  What if we included the batteries in the cover ? 
B:  Oh yeah . I like that . 
A:  Um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better . 
B:  I  I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one , 
B:  That all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers 
A:  I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it  y you've then got the connection 
A:  whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all , you know , completely soldered together 
A:  um and , you know giving people the option of buying a new uh  a a complete new thing , 
A:  the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't  it doesn't have a cover on at all , it will still work um totally . 
A:  Um then if , you know , if people lose the cover , I mean they they might be well inclined to go out and spend however many Euros on a on a new one um rather than a a complete new re remote . 
B:  that that's just it with the covers , you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product . 
A:  it's it's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item . 
A:  Um and , you know , as as external fashions change , then we get new new covers on the market and , you know , readily available . 
C:  like they have for mobile phones 
C:  that are just fruits and animal prints and colours . 

A:  And you know , th the the design that I've got , and and it could be a a home-made design , um you know this says this is not just a a television remote control , 
D:  the fashions apply to furniture , 
A:  It's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their um coffee table to say this says something about me . 
A:  I mean given that we've got you know one one on off button presumably , two buttons for uh channel change and one slider and basically nothing else , 
A:  um w we need to decide on the  just the basic shape of the thing . 
A:  And , know whether we go down the fruit and veg route , 
A:  and I don't suggest we make it look like a banana , 
A:  but um know sort of the the organic , you know , curved look , 
A:  t to deliberately get away from the uh um <other> uh you know , the the the the square look of most um current uh remotes 
A:  and , you know , whether whether the you know , the the fixed part of it is the corporate yellow . Um 
A:  'cause there's certainly you know , the the corporate logo needs to be prominently uh displayed 
B:  I dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow 
B:  yellow seems a bit of a strong colour 
A:  I mean we're we're we're simply  it's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently um . 
C:  I was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um <other> a shape that's almost like a mouse . 
C:  because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand 
C:  um maybe we could make it a slightly different shape 
C:  but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and 
A:  my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape 
A:  so that you can just sort of ho hold it . 
B:  you'd want it narrower than a mouse though 
B:  'cause it  a mouse you're kinda just resting on it , 
B:  you want something you can definitely grip . 
A:  so it's  you sorta hold it in your hand like that , i with , you know , and fiddling with the buttons . 
C:  kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this , 
B:  and then it widens up top 
C:  And then it would have a l uh wider thing to uh have the light , the infrared light at the T_V_ and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume 
C:  and the power could be wherever , up up the top or something . 
D:  Um I'm just  I'm suddenly realising that yeah we're discussing how much  how good it's gonna be to change channels 
D:  I mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it ? 
A:  I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes . 
A:  we need the the manual controls 
D:  we're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff , 
D:  but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice . 
A:  my personal view is that if it's not there , people wouldn't use it anyway um . 
B:  you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons . 
B:  if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that and  or do voice commands , 
B:  and <other> either volume thing could also be to scroll through other options like y and you could scroll through brightness 
A:  I'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available . 
C:  We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume . 
A:  if we if we're going down that route , then we need some sort of display . 
B:  But the television would be the display 
A:  We actually use the television , okay . Okay , okay , okay . 
B:  like you hit menu 
B:  and menu will come up on television 
C:  so if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select . 
D:  Our energy source is gonna be 
A:  for simplicity of , you know , manufacturing and uh maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source um , 
A:  and um <other> make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for uh we'll say at least five five ten years 
D:  And interchangeable case ? 
A:  I i interchangeable case seems to be um <other> um important to the concept . 
A:  Um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections . 
A:  i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want , then uh  I mean uh uh this is totally new . 
A:  We d we don't know whether 
A:  that  to what extent people do it or not , 
A:  but if they've at least got a a good selection of um covers that they can use anyway , 
A:  so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to um a any of the famous supermarkets , 
D:  And uh are we gonna have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or  
A:  because we've got so few buttons 
A:  that it  that actually makes that redundant . 
A:  no , 
A:   cer certainly wider angle than than current , 
A:  so that if you're holding it , you know , anyway like you're likely to and uh it's uh <other> you know , i i it will work most of the time um . 
A:  I sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing , then sort of the the whole of the top would be the uh the infrared uh . 

A:  I think we've actually very conveniently just uh come to uh a good point to s to sum up um . 
A:  Kate and Kendra now go away 
A:  and uh pa play play with a bit of Plasticine or play-dough , 
A:  Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh  I was gonna say concrete , 
A:  and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control . 
A:  we're all clear where we go from here . 
A:  thank you very much indeed 
A:  and I'll s see you all again in thirty minutes . 

A:  and and Andrew of course the the product evaluation . 
A:  and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control . 

A:  Uh and then uh , you know , f for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the s the look , feel and design , 

A:  Kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it 

A:  And uh Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at . 
A:  Kate and Kendra now go away 
A:  and uh pa play play with a bit of Plasticine or play-dough , 
A:  Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh  I was gonna say concrete , 

B:  and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years 

B:  and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility 

C:  I was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um <other> a shape that's almost like a mouse . 
B:  you'd want it narrower than a mouse though 

A:  I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes . 
D:  we're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff , 
D:  but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice . 
B:  you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons . 

C:  We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume . 

B:  But the television would be the display 
A:  We actually use the television , okay . Okay , okay , okay . 

A:  Um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections . 

B:  and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility 
B:  so if we were uh definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design um our own chip . 
A:  given that the um the technology is not well developed 
A:  and and given that it's it's never been done before , 
A:  uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons , 

A:  inevitably a b a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive . 
A:  And and do we know how long it'll take to uh develop a a custom chip . 
B:  a lot longer than an off the shelf chip . 
D:  maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost . 

B:  and uh whatever happens next year , we can have the face plates , 
D:  With interchangeable covers , could just buy a new one every year , a new one when new fashions come out . 
D:  depending on the cost of the product itself , you know , could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed ? Instead of having a ten year guarantee ? 
C:  What if we included the batteries in the cover ? 
A:  Um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better . 
B:  I  I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one , 
B:  That all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers 
A:  whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all , you know , completely soldered together 
A:  I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it  y you've then got the connection 
A:  um and , you know giving people the option of buying a new uh  a a complete new thing , 
A:  the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't  it doesn't have a cover on at all , it will still work um totally . 
B:  that that's just it with the covers , you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product . 
A:  Um and , you know , as as external fashions change , then we get new new covers on the market and , you know , readily available . 
A:  I i interchangeable case seems to be um <other> um important to the concept . 
A:  Um it it should be cheap , you know , if if we avoid any , you know , electrical connections . 
A:  i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want , then uh  I mean uh uh this is totally new . 

