A:  Um the agenda for this meeting <other> is um  we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers . 
A:  And then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that um that we gave gave it . 
A:  And um talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget . 

C:  It's a pretty simple design . 
C:  It's um based on a mango ? 

C:  And we have the company logo here 
C:  It's in the middle of one of the little R_s . 
C:  And then the other one is the power . 
B:  So it's palm-held . 
C:  buttons are accessible from your thumb . 

C:  And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus . 
B:  So one plus one would be eleven , 
A:  You press a plus button ? 
A:  I've never heard of that kind before . 
A:  but if if I wanna go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if I press the six it'll go to channel six , and then I'll press the plus , and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five ? 
B:  we can further define that . 
B:  I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five . 
A:  like as long as we realise that's what it'll do . 
D:  Well the there is a  there's a delay on remotes I think . 
B:  um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers 
B:  because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb . 
B:  Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . 
B:  that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use . 
B:  Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , 
B:  But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , 
B:  like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , 
B:  Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company  the yellow and black . 
B:  or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in 

A:  Evaluation criteria is next in line . 
D:  Um , we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen . 
D:  Um and looking looking back at my notes from our  both our conceptual and our functional meetings , um I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were , 
D:  Um and we're gonna do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false . 
D:  So basically the lower p the lower the points the better . 

D:  Do we have a fancy look-and-feel ? 
B:  We've been quite successful with the rubber coating 
A:  The look is a little bit more playful . 
D:  Yeah I guess that depends on your definition of fancy , 
B:  I mean <other> th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that I think we would've necessarily chosen . 
B:  I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy . <laugh> 
D:  I kinda  I like the potato look . 
D:  It's a two ? 
D:  Okay so question number two was <other> is it techn technologically innovative ? 
D:  So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative . 
B:  and the use of the rubber . 
B:  and we don't have any scroll buttons , it's all pushbuttons , 
B:  there's no L_C_D_ control , 
B:  so if we're thinking about the rest of the market , it's sort of probably halfway . 
D:  we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would've defeated the purpose . 
D:  we'll put three , 
D:  but I think we actually reached our goal . 
D:  Uh , will it be easy to use ? 
A:  Yeah . One . 
D:  you can't really get confused with that . 
A:  The plus number thing . 
D:  But once that's figured out , it should be fine . 
D:  Is this a good-looking remote ? 
B:  Again I think the colour comes into this . 
A:  I think that the logo could be smaller . 
C:  Remember the management said that it it had to be prominent . 
A:  I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand . 
C:  where's it gonna sit in your living room ? 
D:  the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit . 
C:  But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand <other> . 
D:  Would we wanna show it off to our friends ? <laugh> 
D:  Okay , so should we say two for that ? 
D:  will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product ? 
C:  I think we have to market it in the right way , that um  to say that it is simplistic . 
C:  And the kinetic energy part . 
D:  No , I guess , I don't know much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for , 
C:  About ten pounds . 
D:  But you don't have to buy batteries . 
D:  So in the long term this can actually save you money . 
A:  I would give it a two still though . 
B:  <other> Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user . 
C:  I think it does very well . 
B:  easy to use . 
D:  Okay so one ? 
D:  Will this remote control be easy to find when lost ? 
D:  is the alarm system still  was it implemented ? 
B:  But I mean it's not obviously obvious from the outside that that's gonna happen 'cause you can't s particularly see an alarm . 
A:  I thought the light from the inside was gonna light up . 
A:  You press the button it makes a noise 
C:  It would just be a little speaker on the back or something . 
D:  We can give it a one , 
D:  because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find . 
D:  Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ? 
D:  it's eas they'll pick it up and they'll know what to do . 
D:  The plus thing needs to be worked on . 
D:  we'll say yes it's uh one ? 
D:  Uh , will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_ , 
A:  I think so . 
B:  We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we don't know about . 
D:  Two okay . 
D:  Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ? 
A:  Well , yeah the colours are yellow and grey . 
A:  So it could be grey on the banana one . 
B:  I think this is the 
B:  the factor that we've been least successful in confronting . 
B:  Four I think . 
D:  <other> Um , did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ? 
A:  But maybe more like two 

A:  <other> Alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ? 
A:  Yeah it is one point nine . 

A:  So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing . 
A:  Um we're using a regular chip . 
A:  Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . 
A:  Um , we're using plastic and rubber , 
A:  So it's like special colour  well we'll have two colours 
A:  Well one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons . 
A:  So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros . 

B:  I mean we weren't really given a lot of time , or materials , yeah , to go about our design task . 
D:  Like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea I guess , but m 
B:  and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we wouldn't have been able to afford that . 
D:  <laugh> Good leadership , I think we stayed on task . 
B:  and also our personal coach helped us along the way , 
D:  We never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so  
A:  I think we worked great as a team . 
A:  We needed more Play Doh colours . 
D:  The computer programmes are good . 
D:  Yeah well I guess we really  it  we bounced off of each other , 

B:  Fantastic . 
B:  Thank you very much . <laugh> 

None

B:  um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers 
B:  Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . 

B:  Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , 
B:  But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , 
B:  like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , 

A:  So it's like special colour  well we'll have two colours 

A:  Um we're using a regular chip . 

A:  Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . 

A:  Um , we're using plastic and rubber , 

None

None

