B:  I think to sum up the last meeting , would be to say um the requirements that we've um set out . 
B:  Those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on uh a small joystick , <other> L_C_D_ and a couple of other buttons for navigation um with power being I suppose one of the main single purpose buttons . 
B:  Um we were also going to use  novelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck , 
B:  and also because of the minimal design um looks like we'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck . 

B:  This uh meeting is the conceptual design phase 
B:  And is to cover things like um what the parts might be made of , um , 
D:  The case uh le that's what I wrote first of all , could be plastic our plastic . 
D:  Uh but later on  we found out that um it can be rubber as well , or titanium or even wood . 
D:  we decide what it's gonna be . 
D:  Probably plastic . Uh 
D:  we need the infra-red transmitter . 
D:  Uh joystick we'll probably if we're gonna use it , um could be plastic w or rubber even as well . Um 
D:  three different types of batteries . Um can either use a hand dynamo , or the kinetic type ones , you know that they use in watches , or else uh a solar powered one . 
B:  Um the bat uh the battery for a a watch wouldn't require a lot of power , would be my one query . 
B:  Is a kinetic one going to be able to supply enough power ? 
D:  And solar cells , I dunno about that . 
D:  Uh . We should probably just use conventional batteries . Um , just like in usual remote controls . 
D:  Um . <other> And these are three different types of  or two different types  three different types of shapes you can have . 
D:  Uh one is a flat one , 
D:  and then more original ones are single curved one or one with a double curved . 
D:  but uh you can't have a titanium one for a double curved , 
B:  the single curved and double curved , would you be able to give an example ? 
D:  Double curved . It probably means  this is probably double curved . 
D:  Uh whereas a single curved would be like that . 
D:  it looks better than the single curve , 
D:  but uh you can't have it in titanium , 
D:  and for the buttons , um it can have the scroll wheel 
D:  Uh but um it requires a more expensive chip to use , 
D:  and if you wanna use L_C_D_ it's even more expensive . 
D:  there's trade-offs there . Um 
D:  you have to decide , 
D:  if you have a double curve uh control and it's rubber , then you have these rubber buttons as well . 
D:  I reckon you're gonna have to have uh key a number keypad anyway for the amount of channels these days . 
B:  like when we're saying that we'd need an advanced chip for an L_C_D_ , 
B:  does that in shoot the cost up by a drastic amount ? Or ? 
B:  We have to look into the costs of those . 
D:  Uh the previous slides just explain what's in the internal components of the uh remote control . 
D:  And uh then the next slide just shows how the uh copper wires uh interact with the buttons , the rubber buttons , uh to uh get sent to the chip . 
D:  translate the key press into an infra-red signal 
D:  and this is received by the T_V_ . 
B:  in the information that you've been supplied , how feasible would you say that the idea of using an L_C_D_ looks ? 
D:  Um  I think we can do it if <other> uh we use conventional batteries and not have solar cells or kinetic . 
D:  Um and then maybe use single curved uh case . 
A:  Um I'm actually gonna be bold and go oo go straight for rubber um for reasons I'll go into uh in more detail . 
C:  I also have a preference for rubber . 

A:  Uh um I was given a an H_T_M_L_ file giving um various ideas from uh from other previous remote control designs , 
A:  and pretty much decided to just dump them all . 
A:  I wasn't very impressed by them 
A:  uh nothing I saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we're going for today . 
A:  rather than looking at other remotes , uh ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand . 
A:  um so that if r a if <other> so that the finger is e each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already . 
A:  Um and what we've basically decided on was the the um the joy uh the joystick , two function buttons and the L_C_D_ , 
A:  I don't actually think we need the um the numeric keypad 
A:  because one of the menus that we could have available um <other> v via via the L_C_D_ is one where you scroll through channels , 
A:  You must have two two modes , 
A:  basic mode , where um the joystick's uh left right <other> left right for channels , up down for volume , 
A:  um and the uh uh and the menu mode for uh further functions . 
A:  Um now the reason I was particularly interested in using rubber for this is that if we're going to have a highly ergonomic design , um it needs to be ergonomic for left or right handed people . 
B:  That would suggest the double curved design's probably going to be most appropriate , then . 
A:  And <other> also this is  a rather nicer de uh design gimmick that the <other> the um you know the whole thing you know <other> it should have sort of organic feel to it 
A:  that it should be , you know , soft to touch 
A:  the um the joystick unit should rest over the uh the joint of the f of the uh four finger 
A:  Um and it would need t there would need to be a  it would need to be articulated just below that 
A:  so that it could be switched around for uh left or right handed users . 
A:  And you then have , at the uh at the bottom , the L_C_D_ , 
A:  and this would need to be articulated as well . 
A:  the t uh the top function button in basic mode would be the on off switch 
A:  and menu mode would be the enter button . 
A:  And then the bottom function buttons switches between between modes . 
A:  Programming them can be a right pain . 
A:  So I thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer 
A:  some <other> some fair iv  fairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that you  on your  computer 
A:  And you could download programs for it from uh for uh T_V_s from all sort of main manufacturers . 

C:  We compared uh whether people want the remote control to do a lot of stuff or they want it to look cool . 
C:  And then we we research uh fashion trends in Europe , 
C:  Uh we found , in order of importance , people want the remote control to look cool more than they want it to to be cool . 
C:  As in they want it to do a lot of good s 
C:  and if it does do a lot that's a bonus , 
C:  but they don't care so much , 
C:  Technology technical  technologically innovative . People want it to be that , 
C:  but s still they care more about the way it looks than what it does . 
C:  like the interface is really important . 
C:  <other> And easy to use , 
C:  it it just so happens that uh from the second point to the third point is twice as important  I mean the second point is twice as important as the third point . 
C:  <other> The fashion , now this is seems a bit odd to me , 
C:  but fruit and veg is the new is the new black for furniture , for clothes , for shoes . 
C:  How that relates to a remote control I don't know . 
C:  Spongy . 
C:  If it's the type of rubber that you can squeeze , you know , it's spongy , then  can I skip the rest ? 
D:  The uh rubber material is the type of stress ball material , not just normal rubber . 
C:  kinda spongy material . 
C:  <other> Um we want something fancy and techni technologically innovative , obviously . 
C:  But what we what we need is something that looks like it's from the future 
C:  Um now the fruit and veg options , either we we go in that direction 
C:  or we stay totally away from it . 
C:  but if we're gonna go along with it then it doesn't necessarily have to be like an apple or something like that , or a kiwi fruit . 
C:  <other> Few questions about a spongy remote control . 
C:  I've never seen one before . 
C:  if we want something strong and sturdy , I say stay with plastic or titanium , 
C:  but if we go with spongy , we can stress that you can drop this as many times as you want , 
C:  I just don't know how the L_E_D_ and the lights are gonna fit into a spongy material 
C:  If we're gonna use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is , 
C:  And also , this was this year . 
C:  things change all the time , every year 

B:  Seems like a a lot of the components could be off the shelf , 
B:  um having the use of the L_C_D_ and the joystick would probably allow you to manipulate enough channel numbers 
A:   if you've got a lot of channels , the number keypad can be quite annoying as well , 
B:  what it looks like to me is we'll use a large number of standard components , um , 
B:  say something like um lithium ion battery , 
B:  Looks like we  going for a double curved design . 
B:  Um I don't know what cost implications there are in that . 
B:  Um , looks like we're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber . 
B:  Though I'd have to say <other> depending on how flexible it is , we might need to have some kind of inner frame . 
A:  there would be basically two points of articulation . W um one below and one above the m the uh the main sort of grip . 
B:  Do you think there's any way we could maybe remove the articulation ? 
B:  but it could be a weak point in um the structure , do you think ? 
A:  If you then have a sort of outer skin of mm flexible , spongy rubber then you have something that is you know very much you know 
A:  organic , 
B:  if we take some of the ideas  why don't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo ? 
C:  Sure , yeah . 
A:  Make it harder to lose , as well . 
C:  <other> The noise for when you lose the banana , um f yeah , for when you lose the remote control , <laugh> it could be like a a monkey noise or something like that , rather than a standard beep beep . 
C:  y <laugh> you lose the banana , 
C:  you press a button , 
C:  and you hear like monkey screams or something like that to direct you towards the banana . 
C:  I was gonna talk about the programmable remote control . 
C:  Now I think it'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all T_V_s , 
C:  you s you click a button 
C:  and it finds the frequency 
C:  that works with your particular television . 
A:  e each manufacturer will have a partic <other> will have a particular command set that uh the T_V_ responds to . 
A:  But if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option , then if you've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing . 
B:  An interesting point is that if the person doesn't have the computer , we can still make the process easier 
B:  because instead of having to look up codes , maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the L_C_D_ 
A:  um mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are <other> are made , I would say . 
A:  Um but then again , the um the menu structure to to a considerable extent that's gonna vary according to the model of television , and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate . 
B:  programming it to use your T_V_ , you might hook it up to the P_C_ . 
B:  The the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the P_C_ for a larger programming 
B:  I'm not sure , but I'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the U_S_B_ might be prohibitive . 
B:  I think we've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting , 
D:   they're going with the fashion thing , like the design , spongy rubber . 
A:  though maybe we could have options for colours as well . <other> 
A:  like I said before I I think we should have the R_R_ on the uh on the top function button . 
B:  So we always need to remember that somewhere we're meant to be getting the slogan on . 
B:  Possibly I'm think I'm not sure but I'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used . Um . 

B:  you've got yourself and the Industrial Designer gonna be working quite closely at this stage 
B:  looking from <laugh>  prototyping of some des description using clay . 
B:  Um looks like we're gonna need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay . <laugh> 

C:  product evaluation , doesn't that come after actually seen a product prototype . 
B:  Um you're gonna look at product evaluation . 

B:  say something like um lithium ion battery , 

B:  Looks like we  going for a double curved design . 

B:  Um , looks like we're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber . 

B:  if we take some of the ideas  why don't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo ? 
C:  Sure , yeah . 

A:  Programming them can be a right pain . 
A:  So I thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer 
A:  some <other> some fair iv  fairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that you  on your  computer 
A:  And you could download programs for it from uh for uh T_V_s from all sort of main manufacturers . 
C:  I was gonna talk about the programmable remote control . 
C:  Now I think it'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all T_V_s , 
C:  you s you click a button 
C:  and it finds the frequency 
C:  that works with your particular television . 
A:  e each manufacturer will have a partic <other> will have a particular command set that uh the T_V_ responds to . 
A:  But if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option , then if you've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing . 
B:  An interesting point is that if the person doesn't have the computer , we can still make the process easier 
B:  because instead of having to look up codes , maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the L_C_D_ 
B:  programming it to use your T_V_ , you might hook it up to the P_C_ . 
B:  The the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the P_C_ for a larger programming 
B:  I'm not sure , but I'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the U_S_B_ might be prohibitive . 

A:  like I said before I I think we should have the R_R_ on the uh on the top function button . 
B:  So we always need to remember that somewhere we're meant to be getting the slogan on . 
B:  Possibly I'm think I'm not sure but I'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used . Um . 

