B:  Matthew is uh late again . 
B:  it is important for him to be here uh . 
C:  but still I think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer . I think we can put on the  here . 
B:  we will just we just have to continue . 
B:  just for record I I will take uh notes again . 
B:  first thing uh I was uh uh I got an email from uh from my superior again 
B:  that we really should stay within the budget of the uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
B:  when you stay in it's good , 
B:  when you don't stay in you have to redesign . 
B:  maybe Anna , you can have your presentation . 
A:  we can't do evaluation 'til we have a design . 
B:  Matthew . Nice uh you are here . 
C:  we we designed the two uh items . 

B:  ma maybe then you can start now with mm presenting your uh your designs . 
C:  I will start by the the basic one 
C:  that uh fits into uh eight Euros actually , right , seven eight Euros , 
C:  first for both they have um a special shape , 
C:  but uh it's like a surf board . 
C:  And also it's not too far from um a mobile . 
C:  So people are used to that kind of shape , 
C:  Don't take care too much about the colour 
D:  Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now . 

C:  the on-off button , in red . 
C:  Here would be the volume . On the on the left , 
D:  so you can go up and down the channels , 
D:  uh , if you have a video or something you can forward , back . 
C:  How can you change from V_C_R_ to uh T_V_ , by the way ? 
D:  this is a standard T_V_ one , 
D:  and then we have usually there twelve keys 
D:  but we know that we rel that we have only ten digits . 
D:  The extra two are for uh having or giving an option for uh having more than one channel . 
D:  And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to browse through from that . Actually . 
D:  It's a very basic minimal thing 
B:  Exce except for the for the special shape , the surfing board , it has a quite a a conventional layout of buttons uh . 

D:  uh i i i it is a very futuristic , 
D:  it's like uh it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future , it can come . 
B:  Yes it really feels like like like a mobile phone . 
D:  then the this is the <other> a more a little uh smooth 
D:  and it gives a lot of functionality , uh in this way , 
D:  uh th you see there are only six keys , 
D:  they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here . 
D:  And so they have more space actually 
D:  and uh it's easy to uh use this 

D:  and then you have a power button , which l volume , what you have , 
D:  and then other than that you have uh channel up and down and uh f slow pause or s slow lo 
C:  Play , pause . 
D:  yeah s pause or stop , 
D:  you have a L_C_D_ display , here 
D:  and uh y this is a functional thing 
D:  which can change 
D:  it's a toggle switch 
D:  which could change the function 
B:  From D_V_D_ player to television or something . 
B:  and and and then you get feedback via the L_C_D_ 
D:  you can have a integrated microphone over here , 
C:  This is the orange button , the <other> microphone . 
D:  you want to do a speech recognition and uh that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the um on your on your display . 
D:  And here is a small L_E_D_ 
D:  which tells you like uh are you running out of the battery , 
D:  and which is can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier 
D:  then we have a cover 
D:  <other> when you need you can use it , 
D:  and this gives additional functionality 
B:  but but but but uh i in there uh when this is closed , will it also uh cover up the L_C_D_ screen ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Actually when you are watching the T_V_ , <other> when you are watching anything or listening to them , you hardly care about what is getting displayed here , 
D:  and this gives a protection to the L_C_D_ actually , giving a cover to that actually . Gives a protection 
C:  It's low weight . You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight . 
D:  if you have new more ideas we can add new more uh some more keys 
C:  we should <other> stick with uh a number of keys 
D:  it it should not be cluttering up everything . 
A:  I like the shape of them , 
A:  I do like the the size and the the shape . 

C:  So the the cost is actually a bit more , 
D:  Sixteen Euros . 
A:  So it's well outside the budget then . 
C:  But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer . 
C:  And they say basically that the S_R_ system would be uh something like three Francs per item  
D:  Three Euros . 
A:  That's on top of the sixteen , 
A:  or is it part of that ? 
C:  part of that , yeah . 
A:  So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition . 

B:  Be before ta talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible , maybe Anna you can uh give our uh give us your um  
A:  And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products , both of these two . 
B:  and also the evaluation criteria , so what what is important to look at . 
A:  it's just a shortlist of criteria on um the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product . 
A:  Um we just go through these 
A:  and rate them as a group 
A:  and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that , 
A:  <other> These are the things we identified as being important . 
A:  Um  the three things were look and feel , innovation and ease of use , were the three important components 
A:  um appealing to the correct demographic so using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic . 
A:  And then goin following the company motto , following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well . 
A:  do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now 
A:  or do we wanna discuss them further 
A:  and then evaluate them ? 
B:  why not why not discuss uh discuss it now ,   
A:  just go through onto the whiteboard I guess . 
A:  look and feel , innovation   
D:  And now it  easy to use . 
A:  you following the idea of using the um removable covers on these ? 
B:  w w we can still discuss that . 
B:  and together with evaluating this uh we we might come with new ideas 
B:  um I've received uh a framework which we can do this . 
B:  this is these are the the the latest prices of our production uh uh production unit for several components , 
B:  so we can uh see whether the the price is is within the twelve Euro uh fifty cents uh . 
B:  Th th this is the first design . 
A:  Um w <other> one's bad 
A:  and seven's the best . 
A:  one's true 
A:  and seven's false . 
B:  Look and feel . 
B:  In i in my opinion purely feel is is is very good , is very good in your hand , 
B:  so I I I would consider two or or may maybe even one for feel . 
B:  we should also consider look , 
B:  and then i it looks quite conventional . 
A:  On the scale u it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at , 
B:  Ma ma ma ma maybe say say five 
D:  but uh still I will give four in that case 
D:  the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say <laugh> 
A:  And the other one ? 
A:  I think it's slightly better , um , 
D:  which which 'll be covering in a curve  
D:  actually this is this is not going to protrude actually , 
A:  The other thing is , is the left hand one protruding ? 
A:  'Cause if people are left handed they want to use the other hand , 
A:  maybe it won't work so well . 
A:  I'd say two or three for that one , personally . 
B:  So so <laugh> I would also say this is four . 
D:  because right uh for example if you press it quite inside now like this , now it's embedded one . 
C:  So I will say two . 
A:  it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one . 
C:  Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market , 
D:  No but except for the design of the surf <laugh> . 
A:  Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it ? 
D:  I think it's more of the feel . 
A:  But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all , 
C:  And the  And the second one is really uh state of the art , uh in terms of innovation . 
A:  So I'd be up for seven for innovation . 
C:  And um with many more functionalities , 
C:  and can open and close the the bottom part . 
C:  And all the scrolling uh buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this . 
B:  A and the L_C_D_ screen is  
B:  That's that's that's well it's quite innovative . 
C:  Uh could put it at one or two I would say . Personally . 
A:  Th th there were different options we discussed then , 
A:  we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget . 
B:  and then we will will try to get it in the budget . 
B:  We just diske discuss it as you designed it 
A:  Innovation for this one is two ? One ? 
A:  the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it , 
B:  <laugh> then it's I think one . 
A:  Ease of use ? 
C:  the first one is really standard , 
C:  so everybody i including our grandmothers can use it , 
A:  So that's maybe a a two for ease of use . 
C:  Um , the other one is quite easy , tho though . 
D:  Uh , though it has more functionality 
A:  So maybe a three or a four . 
C:  maybe sometimes people get uh scared with the number of buttons . 
C:  because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so ,   
D:  actually the user has to put some effort to do  use that actually , 
B:  So so I think th three is good . Yeah . 
A:  uh how well it goes to the target demographic . 
A:  we're d we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds ? 
D:  I would I would give this model to the old people actually . 
A:  So sh completely changed our demographic there , 
B:  exce except for the surfing shape . I mean that's that's something which which has an appeal on this group I think , 
A:  If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being  applying to the the demographic 
B:  Mm w w w we  after this we can can consider uh for instance , making this more attractive to to the demographic 
A:  'Cause we have got room , we've got some budget there to add a few things to it , 
B:  But as it is now , I w would say mm , six , something . 
C:  because it's so important  it's i it was written that it really so important , the um the the look and uh taking care of its  it targets , the right range of people , 
D:  but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap , actually . 
C:  <other> we have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros . 
A:  There's nothing that would make me spend an extra k few Euros on that one rather than another one . 
D:  So in that case well it's fine then . 
A:  and the demokraphi demographic of the second one ? 
A:  It's got the got the the toys in it , 
A:  it's got the L_C_D_ screen 
C:  if we we wish to to sell four millions of this , I think for this audience we need absolutely the L_C_D_ screen . 
A:  I think especially if we're gonna n have an L_C_D_ screen on a low range product then that's good . 
A:  I'd probably go with three again for that one . 
C:  Or even  Even one and two . Or two . 
D:  Yeah two yeah . 
D:  because you can add <other> lot of sophistication on that . 
A:  And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well , 
A:  and that makes it more appealing , 
B:  the final point , trends . 
A:  the trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel . 
A:  as it is , not really doing either of them . 
C:  Spongy , uh , that means that it goes in in the water . <laugh> 
A:  the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well , 
A:  have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons 
A:  that feels kinda spongy . 
A:  but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons 
D:  Yeah . We we we we we yeah , it's the way they are going to be , actually . 
C:  the maybe in the colour we can make it uh fruit and and veggie . 
A:  But that's if you're using the covers . 
B:  uh uh is it possible do you think , to to make a cover for s such a phone ? 
A:  they make it for mobiles , 
A:  it can't be that much more complicated . 
B:  just with the with the flexible plastic uh  
A:  So you got the option of having different colours or different textures . 
D:  Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone , yeah . 
B:  we can put the the <other> the fancy f look of vegetables for instance , to to these covers 
A:  I think the  if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics , 
A:  even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out , you'll still be able to put a new cover on it 
C:  look at this computer , th this laptop , it's all black , 
C:  and uh it's quite conventional , 
C:  and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours like this one presented here . 
C:  So maybe we could do like in the range the set of what we propose a black one , very standard one , that meets the the requirements of th such people that want really standard uh things . 
A:  And then you have the option of having the different colours , different covers . 
A:  Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the um on the other one . 
A:  'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them . 
B:  Say , say one and two . One and two . 
A:  the average of that is three six nine divided by five , so five  mm nine by five , one point s eight ? 
D:  One point eight yeah . 
D:  Four point  Uh four point two . 
C:  Very good . 
A:  But we still got a very different price for those two 
A:  so they're not really comparable yet anyway . 

A:  it's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out . 
B:  Because , when we choose for this one we have to <other> we have to make it more attractive 
B:  or we just have to choose . And adapt . 
A:  That'll basically take us down to the budget . 
C:  Uh unfortunately we didn't see this chip , uh Matthew , 
C:  so maybe we have to recap with this one . 
B:  and w when we  to d for this one we have to make it more cheap . 
B:  let's let's try to to model this this phone in this sheet , 
D:  Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this , yeah . 
B:  uh what kind of energy source uh 
B:  It's a  it's a normal battery , or  
D:  maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually . 
B:   given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip . 
C:  Uh sample speaker , yeah . 
B:  Double curve . 
B:  Uh , plastic would be the material . 
D:  Are you talking about this or that ? 
B:  but they have the same shape , 
B:  Uh special colour , now we leave it to the covers . 
A:  now we're either going button or L_C_D_s , L_C_D_ display . 
C:  It's okay . Just say L_C_D_  . 
A:  So it would need twelve buttons . 
D:  we might need a scroll wheel , right , for that ? 
C:  but for this one it's twelve Euro . 
B:  So this comes to eighteen . 
A:  And that's without any special button supplements . 
A:  we'd have a special colour , special form and special material on all of them . 
C:  it's not it's not double curved , 
C:  it's single curved , 
A:  it's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well , that's what I thought . 
A:  we've got those  the scroll wheel on the side 
B:  I'm I'm no I'm no I'm not sh sure . 
C:  The bt buttons , we have twelve buttons , are you sure ? 
A:  We've got a scroll wheel for the volume 
A:  this is even more than the um than the cost you gave , the sixteen Euros . 
D:  That is the sample sensor and sample speaker . 
D:  We just need that actually . We need one . 
B:  We  We could go for the for the for the for the for a simple chip , 
B:  but then we can't have the the speech recognition , 
B:  this would this would be cutting the speech recognition . 
C:  but if you have the  near the L_C_D_ you can um <other> choose  select between um you know like uni universal between audio , T_V_ and V_C_R_ , 
C:  and this needs a needs a advanced chip . 
C:  I think yeah regular , today we you can do that with regular chip . 
B:  and we still on fifteen , 
C:  And what about the number of buttons buttons uh  <other> my Matthew ? 
B:  when we just want to uh to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty . 
A:  <other> But that's seven basic buttons right , seven buttons without any adds-on , without special colours or form or material . 
A:  the L_C_D_ display is is three Francs , sorry three Euros , by itself . 
C:  We we really want a L_C_D_ 
C:  other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market . 
A:  So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget , 
C:  So wha what what each of us think about the  because it's measure point the L_C_D_ , um  
D:  Or we could even replace them by buttons actually . 
C:  Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact , you have a big display 
D:  A actually it depends , it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it , 
D:  for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons , 
D:  or  and you'll have L_C_D_ display which is  that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least . 
A:  I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . 
D:  Okay so we can get rid of it 
D:  and then add a couple of buttons . 
A:  and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display , there's no way we can get it in there . 
B:  <laugh> S so who thinks the the L_C_D_ disply display should be i should be in it ? 
A:  I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening . I can't see it fitting in . 
B:  having an L_C_D_ s display is just uh uh have very very limited amount of buttons . 
B:  So hav hav having seven buttons , instead of twelve . 
C:  uh actually we could in fact we move these three buttons 
C:  and have three uh possibilities for each of the three here . Here one , at the middle , and at the bottom . 
B:  I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen . That that's that's my opinion . 
C:  The speech recognition is out . Because of the budget , yeah . 
A:  are we basically back to the original one now , back to the first version ? 

A:  Which turns out to be on budget exactly , pretty much . With these new costings . 
B:  and that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price , 
B:  My m my supervisor will be glad that it's fifty cents cheaper than he expected . 

B:  Thank you . 
B:  That was it . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Thanks . 

None

B:  Double curve . 

D:  maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually . 

None

B:  Uh , plastic would be the material . 

B:   given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip . 
C:  I think yeah regular , today we you can do that with regular chip . 

D:  Okay so we can get rid of it 
A:  I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . 
C:  The speech recognition is out . Because of the budget , yeah . 

D:  for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons , 
D:  and then add a couple of buttons . 

B:  and that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price , 

A:  w we can go back and l talk to the suppliers maybe 
A:  and see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in 
A:  but that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment . 

C:  we we designed the two uh items . 

B:  Because , when we choose for this one we have to <other> we have to make it more attractive 
B:  and w when we  to d for this one we have to make it more cheap . 

B:  this would this would be cutting the speech recognition . 
B:  and we still on fifteen , 
C:  And what about the number of buttons buttons uh  <other> my Matthew ? 
B:  when we just want to uh to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty . 
A:  <other> But that's seven basic buttons right , seven buttons without any adds-on , without special colours or form or material . 
A:  So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget , 
C:  Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact , you have a big display 
D:  Or we could even replace them by buttons actually . 
A:  I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . 
D:  Okay so we can get rid of it 
A:  and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display , there's no way we can get it in there . 
B:  I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen . That that's that's my opinion . 
B:  So hav hav having seven buttons , instead of twelve . 
C:  The speech recognition is out . Because of the budget , yeah . 
A:  are we basically back to the original one now , back to the first version ? 

B:  and we still on fifteen , 
C:  We we really want a L_C_D_ 
C:  other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market . 
C:  So wha what what each of us think about the  because it's measure point the L_C_D_ , um  
D:  Or we could even replace them by buttons actually . 
C:  Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact , you have a big display 
A:  I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . 
D:  Okay so we can get rid of it 
A:  and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display , there's no way we can get it in there . 
B:  <laugh> S so who thinks the the L_C_D_ disply display should be i should be in it ? 
A:  I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening . I can't see it fitting in . 
B:  I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen . That that's that's my opinion . 

