A:  let's start with the cost aspect 
A:  I look at the aspect discussed last time , 
A:  that is to say uh to have a standard battery , 
A:  <other> to have a yellow banana shaped uh case with uh a rubber material around it 
A:  uh to feel spongy , 
A:  <other> and uh also at the different aspect like having a wheel etcetera . 
A:  And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros . 

A:  And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros . 
A:  which is uh good , 
A:  because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros . 
A:  for the financial aspect it's okay , 
A:  we can uh  we can continue with this product uh as if , 

A:  <other> and we are now going to see the project evaluation with uh our marketing expert . 
D:  I made an evaluation 
D:  and the the evaluation criteria is made according to <other> the users' requirements and the market trends we talked about uh during the previous uh meetings . 
D:  we have uh six points . 
D:  we we want to have a product fancy look and feel , technologically innovative , easy to use , fashion , <other> easy to find in a room , and robust , 
D:  I have a scale of uh seven points . 
D:  I go through all the uh all the points here , 
D:  and uh according to what you think about the this project you can uh mm make a one point , two point or seven point . 
D:  And after we ha we have an an average , and uh we see . 

D:  fancy look and feel , what do you think ? 
D:  between o one and seven . 
C:  I give it a  I give it a five . 
A:  <laugh> So I think it's uh very uh very nice . 
A:  it's between one and seven ? 
A:  Seven is the highest uh ? 
D:  <other> Seven is the  
A:  I will give a six . 
B:  I will give a a five . 
A:  Maybe we all have to agree on a common  
D:  uh I don't know if you  we ha we have to put uh one uh f If it's better or  
A:  we can choose what we want . 
A:  let's say that seven is the best . 
A:  do note the grade we have five , six for me , 
A:  How much would you give on the fancy aspect , on the fashionable aspect ? 
D:  I think six , it's a good uh  
C:  So it will have five point five average . 
D:  after , the technological aspect ? 
D:  we we said uh we have uh a new technological uh thing with a wheel . 
A:  We also have the rubber material , 
A:  I think I would give a five . 
C:  It's  four . 
B:  A four also , 
B:  because , except for the wheel , we don't have so much innovation . 
C:  are we including the voice in the end or not ? Huh ? 
A:  No . 
A:  Yeah , four . Four , yeah , let's put four . 
D:  Very easy to use . Do you think it's easy to use ? 
C:  I give a seven , I think . 
D:  Mm , six for me also . 
A:  six point five . 
D:  <other> Is it fashion ? <laugh> 
A:  its its f its fruit fruit shape . 
A:  I would say seven . 
D:  Yeah it's fashion , 
C:  we can we can put a seven here . 
B:  <laugh> Easy to find . 
A:  I think you can't miss it . 
C:  I think it's cool . 
D:  We have the lightning , 
C:  <other> So you'll make the material transparent 
C:  so that it uh lights up completely , 
A:  I would say seven . 
D:  Is it  is it robust ? 
A:  it's rubber , made of rubber , 
C:  the only problem there might be  which  know , i if it's very sensitive , 
A:  But it is uh  it is surrounded by rubber material . 
A:  So maybe we can put a six . 
D:  <other> Everybody is okay , six . 
A:  We have to sum up everything . 
A:  <other> Six is a good  
D:  Uh if we say that seven it's uh it's the better , 

D:  and when uh s six sit six are good  it's a good uh p product , I think . 
A:  So it's a good evaluation , I think . 
D:  We have a good price 
A:  So this prototype is quite nice . <other> 
A:  So having this at twenty five Euros is uh quite attractive , I think . 

None

A:  we have seen the prototype . 
A:  It's very nice according to the work of our two designer . 
A:  The the the financial aspect were okay . 
A:  We we have the cost below uh our threshold 
A:  and so we could sell at twenty five Euros 
A:  and make i make profit . 
A:  The the evaluation give satisfying result as well . 
A:  the cost is in the budget , 
A:  the evaluation is okay , 
A:  so I th I think we can now uh open champagne 
C:  <other> Congratulations to the team . 
C:  Uh very well , we worked together fantastically . 
A:  I think it was a good collaboration uh . 

A:  for the financial aspect it's okay , 
A:  And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros . 
A:  we can uh  we can continue with this product uh as if , 
D:  We have a good price 
A:  and so we could sell at twenty five Euros 
A:  We we have the cost below uh our threshold 
A:  The the the financial aspect were okay . 
A:  and make i make profit . 

A:  So it's a good evaluation , I think . 
D:  and when uh s six sit six are good  it's a good uh p product , I think . 
A:  So this prototype is quite nice . <other> 
A:  The the evaluation give satisfying result as well . 

None

