A:  So , we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes . 
A:  Um so I will be uh Sebastian the Project Manager . 

B:  I'm uh Michael . I'm the user interface designer . 
D:  Hi I'm Guillermo  . I'm the Marketing Expert . 
C:  And I am Hemant , the industrial designer . 

A:  So , the goal of this project is to uh developed a new remote control . 

A:  Um it should be original , trendy , and also user friendly . 

A:  As usual we will follow the the project method um <cough> that we are using in the  in our company . 
A:  It is in three step as you know . 
A:  First the functional design . 
A:  The second's a conceptual design , 
A:  and then the detailed design . 
A:  During each step uh of each design we wi you will work uh s separately , individually on uh your specific tasks 
A:  and will m we will meet to um to discuss and take decisions about uh what you've you've you did and what uh we will do next . 

A:  so uh we are going to go through the white board and take some um s some notes or do some drawings . 
B:  Okay so , want me to draw my favourite animal . 
B:  Well , I don't really have a favourite animal , but um 
B:  <other> I'm gonna <other>  about the uh spider 
D:  I dunno why , but <cough> when I was a child I I wanted to be a a panther 
C:  So , not the favourite animal , but I think I'll draw elephant . 

A:  so another important part of the project is about money , 

A:  So <cough> we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control 

A:  which which would generate a profit of of um <cough> fifty million Euros , okay . 

None

A:  So we need to close the meeting . 
A:  So um you have to work on the on the working design , 
A:  you have to uh work on the technical functions , 
A:  and uh you have to work on us user requirements specs , 
A:  Um you will receive some information by emails , i as usual . 

A:  So um you have to work on the on the working design , 
A:  you have to uh work on the technical functions , 
A:  and uh you have to work on us user requirements specs , 

A:  Um you will receive some information by emails , i as usual . 

A:  So , the goal of this project is to uh developed a new remote control . 

A:  So <cough> we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control 

A:  And we should target the inter an international market . 

A:  which which would generate a profit of of um <cough> fifty million Euros , okay . 

B:  is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ? 

A:  So um we should decide which kind of remote control we want to uh we want to uh we want to go . 
A:  should it be um specific remote control to some specific device ? 
A:  Should it be a universal one ? 

B:  so , it seems the the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make , 
B:  but I guess if that's  if that's the requirement that we need to to design the the product to actually fit that that price bracket 

