A:  <cough> Okay , let's have a look to the agenda today . 
A:  <other> So , we are going to have a meeting about the functional design . 
A:  Um so first before starting I w just going to uh to go quickly to  through the minutes of previous meeting . 
A:  So uh <cough> basically we we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific uh uh remote control , 
A:  but I have new um new i inputs for  about that topics . 
A:  I goin I'm going to share with you . 
A:  so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations . 

A:  But first I would like quickly to uh to decide of  to give a name to the project . 
A:  So , I just put d quickly Remo , 
A:  Any ideas ? 
B:  Uh the Powerstick . 
B:  Maybe a Spanish name would work well . 
D:  Mando . 
B:  What does it mean in Spanish ? 
D:  Control . 
A:  <other> So , let's go for Mando ? 

A:  So maybe we could start with the market , yeah . 
D:  and we have to find the weaknesses and and the the improvements we could do to the current remote controls . 
D:  And also I di I did a study with  for the incorporation of new technologies 
D:  Well <cough> <other> more  most of the people think that remote controls are ugly , thoroughly . 
D:  So and they they admit that the the they should uh s they would uh spend more money in a fancier remote control , 
D:  the the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the in the remote control . 
D:  So <cough> <other> in my opinion the Mando  this Mando shouldn't be very small 
D:  So it may be interesting to to think in a  in both prototypes , for right and left handed people . 
B:  Well th the on the thing is though , most remote controls are used by more than one person . 
C:  Well maybe it could be a universal design . 

D:  And finally , the incorporation of a L_C_D_ or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting , 
D:  but I don't know if the budget would be large enough . 
D:  But most of  yeah most of the young people to thirty to thirty years old were really interested in this kind of technology . 
B:  I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult 
B:  because if you think  if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this uh background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the  
C:  it could be command control kind of thing . 
C:  It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated . 

B:  Okay so um while uh researching this this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote , 
B:  and then also searched for which are the top-rated uh remote controls on Epinions dot com , which is a a you know a a customer um written basically review site . 
B:  and and uh this remote control on the right here is is one of the more extravagant , 
B:  well basically all the functions uh are controlled through through the L_C_D_ screen 
B:  But um the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control , and it's kind of difficult to uh to see in the slide , but it has a scroll wheel on it , 
B:  I think that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of of changing the channel . 
B:  because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu uh Euro , 
B:  this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's it's very simple , 
B:  the scroll wheel could be used without an L_C_D_ screen , just for changing channel numbers easily . 
B:  and maybe we wanna make it something that's <other> extensible to do other tasks . 
B:  Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights , I dunno , close the windows , whatever , turn the heating on , 

B:  but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen 
B:  So this is something else we might wanna consider , is really kind of limiting the number of buttons , 
B:  but I think also you know the location and and shape of the buttons is important , but also the number of buttons . 
B:  Um I think maybe one option is to have you know a little flip-open um door that uh that you have hidden most of the time , but contains the extra buttons like , say , the number buttons for instance . Um 
B:  if I had my perfect remote control , I'd probably just have no numbers at all on it because they're just in the way . 
D:  because w if people see a remo see the  see a remote control without numbers mm they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to  very different build  very different to the traditional  
B:  Um okay , so , I think um one of the really kind of useful things you can do with with internet connectivity would be to have this  a programme driven interface rather than the channel number . 

C:  user i interface could be of two types , 
C:  one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing  doing some he is knowing about that technology . 
C:  and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being  sitting on the on the remote . 
A:  but we have seen before that there is a new way of interacting that use wheel . 
A:  Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to to target well  of such technologies is enough ? 
A:  Well wh uh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance um a um an ambience microphones 
B:  <other> Well one one other thing that that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is uh when you want to sell into other markets , though , 
C:  my personal preference was that we can have A_S_R_ sitting there on the remote control . 
D:  I'm sure if you can sell a a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo <laugh> everyone will s will buy it . 
B:  <laugh> <cough> Actually I'm not so sure 
B:  you know if I was using a remote control to , say , turn the volume up because I can't hear it very well , I don't really want to you know drown out what people are saying by talking you know when I'm when I'm  instead of pressing up on on a remote control . 

C:  user i interface could be of two types , 
C:  one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing  doing some he is knowing about that technology . 
C:  and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being  sitting on the on the remote . 
C:  And for voice , limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote . 
A:  That increases the the cost also . 

A:  we need to have um um remote control which is fanc fancy , 
A:  which is uh which is easy to to hand not too small , not too big . 
A:  We should bring new technologies for young peoples , 
A:  So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price , it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_ 
A:  <other> and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies . 
A:  well , could we fit the the targets uh in terms of cost uh if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control ? 
B:  For twenty five Euro ? <laugh> I think it's impossible . 
B:  because for twenty five Euro I think all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control , 
B:  So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the uh 
B:  of increasing the unit price . 
D:  what would be the goal of putting an L_C_D_ in a remote control ? 
D:  So what would what would appear in the in the L_C_D_ ? 
B:  So you could have the name of the programme , you could have um the start time you know where it's up to . 
D:  I think that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the  than the L_C_D_ . 
A:  we don't go for speech recognition technology . 
A:  The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion . 
D:  But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars , 
B:  Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control ? 
A:  I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies . 
A:  Um <other> so you have to work on the component uh concept . 
A:  Uh you have to work on user interface , 
A:  and you have to go through a trend watching . 

A:  Um <other> so you have to work on the component uh concept . 

A:  Uh you have to work on user interface , 

A:  and you have to go through a trend watching . 

A:  and so they wanted  so they want to um  they would like to be restricted to T_V_ . 

A:  we need to have um um remote control which is fanc fancy , 
A:  which is uh which is easy to to hand not too small , not too big . 

A:  We should bring new technologies for young peoples , 

None

A:  <other> and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies . 
A:  we don't go for speech recognition technology . 

A:  and uh finally , <other> it should be clear that the corporate image , that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product . 

A:  well , could we fit the the targets uh in terms of cost uh if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control ? 
A:  The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion . 
A:  So the question is still open about the L_C_D_ thing . 

A:  So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price , it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_ 
B:  So you could have the name of the programme , you could have um the start time you know where it's up to . 
A:  so that mean w w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control , if you want to browse , in addition to the T_V_ , or uh or it should be a special T_V_ connected to  
B:  I think the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem r remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have you know a wireless internet connection maybe , or a  you know . 

B:  So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the uh 
B:  of increasing the unit price . 
D:  But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars , 
B:  Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control ? 

