C:  Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept 
C:  the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department 
C:  and have which components was uh available to build a remote control . 
C:  So for energy sources we have we have to choose between the solar energy , hand dynamo and uh kinetic um well uh kinetic uh technique <laugh> to to store the energy . 
C:  We also um <other> we also can put a regular battery in the in the remote control . 
C:  we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote . 
C:  So uh it's a point to discuss . 
C:  Concerning the interface uh we can we can put mm just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons uh much more complicated , 
C:  but it also requires that the chip to process the button is more complicated so . 
C:  <other> And uh this is the last point , the choice of chips . 
B:  What is this single curved  
C:  Well uh uh i i it's uh it's the the shape of the um of the remote . 
C:  You you will have the  well um the the curve will fit into your hand when you grab the  
C:  It's more confog f comfortable that if these uh it's completely flat . 
B:  And the battery , is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter ? 
C:  Yeah the um that's the point . 
C:  The kinetic one is uh y you can recharge uh by the um  
C:  and by  well by just by moving the ar uh your arm the mm well the remote will uh accumulate energy . 

C:  So what I have f found is that I think basic battery or kinetic uh energy uh collection is the is the better way to provide energy 
C:  because I think solar energy wi won't work <laugh> in a cluttered uh <laugh> uh environment . 
C:  For the case uh well uh I think that uh titanium is um is a good choice 
C:  because it's trendy 
C:  For the interface uh I think that we can ach achieve uh all the desired functionalities by s just uh using uh rubber buttons , simple buttons 

C:  But I d I don't know it's  if it is feasible 
C:  because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy . 
B:  We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product <laugh> ready for market . <laugh> 
C:  we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh <laugh> if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy . 

B:  So the user interface is uh i it uses the aspect uh of a computer system , 
B:  a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user 
B:  and the commands and mechanism the user uses to control its operation and input data . 
B:  we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here . 
B:  The idea is to represent buttons as figures , diagrams , symbols and on 
B:  so you you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing . 
A:  A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures . 

B:  So the  here are some examples . 
B:  So they cluster the buttons together . 
B:  They group them into col they colour them 
B:  and uh they have different forms as well . 
B:  but this interface are kind of confusing . 
B:  Uh basically there are too many buttons . 
B:  So some people are propose voice recognition 
B:  ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine <laugh> for this by a company 
B:  when you tell the  you say good morning coffee machine 
B:  and the machine are reply to you . 
B:  And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used 
B:  so we might consider that , supposedly . 
B:  Mm so somebody  some people use uh some people use a spinning wheel th with the L_C_ display 
B:  so instead of using the mm buttons you have a L_C_D_ screen 
B:  and then there you can u you can use that as buttons , 
B:  Touch screen , I mean . 
B:  And some people propose a scroll button . Integrated with push buttons 
B:  or you may have scroll button instead of p just the push button . 
B:  so there are a few aspects that I collected here . 
B:  So s basically this deals with special users , children , handicapped people , old people , 
B:  basically they are programmable , 
B:  And then they also secure uh covers , to protect 
B:  uh secure and hidden programming and battery covers that will protect your settings . 
B:  But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features . 
B:  I'm just saying that the  currently in the market there are there are control there are remote controllers f  customisable for different people . 
B:  And uh you see this is the one where you have the protection cover . 
B:  Mm maybe useful for children , 
B:  And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside . 
B:  So the adults might wanna have a key to lock that to pr so children will not touch the button inside . 
B:  this is another company that provides big buttons . 
B:  I see that that is useful for old people 
B:  But for our product we don't need a big one 
B:  because you have voice recognition e eventually with use . 
A:   We should include speech synthesis in this case , no ? 
C:  but uh as Norman say if uh there is uh already a commercial product available who t who do this we we can check uh to integrate it i into our uh new remote control . 
B:  And uh , this is another one 
B:  the the the part that's a V_ standing for the volume . 
B:  So there's a up arrow and a down arrow . 
B:  But you the see that in the V_ , the V_ appears to be the down arrow on the top  
B:  so it's confusing interface , 
B:  And here are  is uh here is a s short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found . 
B:  Big buttons are convenient , 
B:  voice recognition helps , 
B:  push buttons , scroll buttons , spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools . 
B:  And uh user customisable is important 
B:  and finally simplicity simplicity is the key . 
B:  we have many concepts there 
B:  but we have to choose later on which ones are important to be used . 
C:  Well I <other> I think you it's it's it's fine you have uh reviewed all all the possibilities 
C:  but uh uh well uh i if we consider that uh the user interface is displayed on the T_V_ screen I don't think we nee uh we need much buttons in the remote 
C:  since we we just have to navigate and to have a okay or enter key or things like that , 
C:  because uh adding wheels or scrolls uh makes the thing more complicated and more expensive also , so . 

A:  Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control  
A:  and we should have just a button like help 
A:  and you say uh and you ik you press the button help 
C:  Yeah . That's a good idea . 
B:  So you are display on the screen . 
C:  On the T_V_ screen the uh how to use your remote . 
B:  So that eliminates all the complicated documentation  , 
D:  But people are often enough looking at the help , 
D:  once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff . 
A:  In the case where they need help , in the case where they need help . 
D:  And let us see what the market demands . 

D:  So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes 
D:  and how it could be special from the other remotes . 
D:  And we got the best on the responses from the questionnaires . 
D:  So seventy percent of the users , they find their remote controls very ugly , 
D:  they don't find it pleasant to use in the size or usage or anything . 
D:  And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy . 
D:  And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user . 
D:  And seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot . 
D:  And fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons , 
D:  so the rest of the ninety percent of the buttons they're not used most of the times . 
D:  And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls . 
D:  fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room 
D:  And um if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it . 
D:  fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes 
D:  and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex . 
D:  So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them . 

D:  And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy . 

D:  So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them . 
D:  We should have an L_C_D_ on the rem remote control . 
C:  Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen . 
C:  yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on 
D:  I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy . 
D:  So if we have a L_C_D_ on the remote , rather than looking onto the T_V_ you just look into a remote and navigate it . 
D:  It's the same menu as we have saw that iPod remote control . 
C:  Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have <laugh> a big screen in front of you , s 
A:  You can use this screen instead of the big se screen , 
B:  If you re-use the existing screen , we element  eliminate the L_C_D_ , 
B:  and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful , fancy , 
C:  well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look 
C:  on the speech recognition if the technology is available 
C:  but well I think L_C_D_ will uh will uh make us spend a lot of money for not so big results . 
B:  so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost 
D:  <laugh> I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers . <laugh> 

D:  And it's always good to have an voice recognition for the remote controls . 
B:  And also the cost for the speech recognition . 
B:  Ask our R_ and D_ department . 
D:  Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary , 
D:  say eighty commands or so . 
B:  And also the scroller button , how much will it cost . <laugh> 
C:  Well uh compared to the to s the simpl simpler simplest button . 
D:   from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button . 
D:  Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or <laugh> help button . 
C:  Yeah I I I think that uh well uh as we have seen in the in the presentation uh well uh about uh uh fifty percent of the of the percent n choose the button 
C:  so uh I think to have uh five uh simple button is sufficient for our functionality . 

D:  And the third problem was to find the remote control . 
C:  Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like uh find 
A:  You will listen to a peep , <laugh> special peep . 
D:  that's exactly what I mean by voice commander . 
D:  uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control , 
D:  and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger . 
D:  so we have some one charger there 
D:  And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere , in the charger we have a small button , and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps , wherever it is . 
C:  And that's a good idea , 
D:  I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command , 
D:  because there are problems with a voice command . 
D:  I mean charger would be fixed 
D:  because it's always with electricity plugged . 
B:  what we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off T_V_ button , the off button , the remote there be s uh instruction on the screen , please charge charge me . 
B:  You never get it lost 
B:  because uh every time you're off the computer <other>  the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where  to the charger . 
D:  But you can have an button for child lock . 
D:  I mean  uh I mean uh I mean uh you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and <laugh> use it , you can't avoid him . 
D:  So just by pressing the button with some code , you t you put a lock onto the remote , so that he can't use even   
C:  Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category , if it is kids , uh things like that . 
A:  Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids 
D:  I think these other four points they're the market demands 
D:  and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think  
C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 
D:  Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these  could be included . 

B:  <other> I think we need to define also a s the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser 
B:  because uh if you want  uh say we can sort by channels or sort by T_V_ programs , you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them . 
C:  and you can say to your remote control like uh sports 
C:  and then on the T_V_ you have a list with with uh uh well with sports program playing now 
D:  we have a problem there . 
D:  You see uh if you have a voice commands and you are s you are watching a score on uh  basketball score or something , and if the score comes twenty four thirty five , you've just say twenty five 
D:  and suddenly <laugh> the screen the channel goes to twenty five . 
C:  Well but well e every possible word uh has a probability to come about of the T_V_ so . <laugh> 
D:  So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers  
D:  Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent 
D:  and T_V_ twenty five I dunno it will be round about one or two percent . 
B:  But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers . 
D:  That will be too big . 
D:  And it will be difficult for the vocabulary also . 
B:  Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser . 
A:  It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel . 
A:  but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary . 
D:  Als might be you just forgot the channel name , you kno only know the number . 
A:  Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary , 
B:  I think there's another way you can do is that uh you can uh <other> if  when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example , then what you can do is that the  you can make the T_V_ screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel , 
B:  you just use the control button uh , 
B:  you just you you just choose the the option you want 
A:  Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel . 
A:  Just you have uh in the beginning you have uh t you have to train  
C:  the s well the the speech uh r recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two . 
C:  if if there is uh more than one person who is watching T_V_ <laugh> 
D:  If we are using the television in the different environments , say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work , that would bring a bad name  bad uh reputation for our company . 
D:  So I think we should specify some pre-requirements if we want to use a voice commands , 

B:  We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product <laugh> ready for market . <laugh> 
C:  we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh <laugh> if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy . 

B:  And also the scroller button , how much will it cost . <laugh> 

B:  And also the cost for the speech recognition . 
B:  Ask our R_ and D_ department . 
B:  Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser . 

D:  once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff . 

C:  But I d I don't know it's  if it is feasible 
C:  because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy . 
B:  We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product <laugh> ready for market . <laugh> 
C:  we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh <laugh> if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy . 
B:  Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser . 
A:  It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel . 

B:  so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost 
B:  And also the cost for the speech recognition . 
B:  Ask our R_ and D_ department . 
B:  And also the scroller button , how much will it cost . <laugh> 
C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 

C:  Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen . 
A:  You can use this screen instead of the big se screen , 
C:  well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look 
C:  but well I think L_C_D_ will uh will uh make us spend a lot of money for not so big results . 
B:  so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost 
D:  and this menu when you press the menu , in the L_C_D_ displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume , then the program , then the brightness , contrast and all the stuff . 
A:  And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use L_C_D_ . I  
D:  and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think  
C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 
D:  Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these  could be included . 

D:  And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere , in the charger we have a small button , and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps , wherever it is . 
B:  because uh every time you're off the computer <other>  the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where  to the charger . 
A:  Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids 
D:  and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think  
C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 
D:  Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these  could be included . 

C:  Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category , if it is kids , uh things like that . 
D:  and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think  
C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 
D:  Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these  could be included . 

