A:  management come with the new proposal , 
A:  and I have to discuss a few points on this . 
A:  Uh both says new insights in the aim of your project . 
A:  Uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded , okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology . 
A:  we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design . 
A:  And the second one is about uh the remote control . 
A:  Should be used only for the T_V_ . 
A:  And the third point , it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image , okay , with this new project or new product . 

A:  I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design . 
B:  I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements , 
B:  and from my experience , I wanna uh , and from <other> research I did , uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button , 
B:  Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them . 
B:  since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product , 
B:  thought we better look at things that are popular 
B:  and um ex go beyond those , 
B:  um <other> and then uh we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction , especially in the the uh the outside of the product 
B:  I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls 
B:  all these devices are examples of where uh mm  they <other> represent examples that are available today <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> which I think the one in the middle is r um really uh something to keep in mind . 
B:  you could throw it at things 
B:  if if the T_V_ didn't turn on and off , you could use it for something else . 
B:  But um <other> I just <other> took some <other> different uh schematics 
B:  and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board . 
B:  personal preferences , <laugh> um 
B:  uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here , 
B:  and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh <other>  a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference . 
B:  So something that's very very flexible and inflatable 
B:  I think um it could either be  you could go either one extreme , 
B:  be very colourful , 
B:  or you could make it clear , 
B:  and um kind of blend in with things , 
B:  Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof , 
B:  because uh sometimes they fall into cups 
B:  one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not , 
B:  because half the time , I keep pushing on the remote control , 
B:  and I don't know if it's actually understood my message , 
B:  so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue . 
B:  And uh , course I never wanna replace the battery . 
B:  nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is , so um  

A:  if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . 
A:  because uh especially today , you know , you have the family and the kids , 
A:  and the kids throw it 
A:  if you can add the feature , okay , for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay , with unbreakable , 
A:  I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product , 
C:  Do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials ? 
C:  'Cause , for example , in the unbreakable thing , doing something plastic would be harder , 
C:  whereas having something like , I dunno , steel or titanium isn't really economically viable . <laugh> 
B:  Titanium would be <laugh> be heavy , too , 
B:  um  I wanted feedback , 
B:  but we'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts . 
B:  <other> I like titanium . 
D:  Expensive . 
B:  It'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though <laugh> . 

D:  from the marketing  yeah , from the marketing side , just to to give an idea what the management is looking for , I was looking for a a remote control to have a s 
D:  I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro , 
D:  with a production price of uh twelve and a half Euro . 
D:  For what uh I think from what we're trying to find , we're tr we're looking for , I don't think that price is exactly in the market . 
D:  in the recent surveys , uh from the ages  fr from fifteen to thirty-five , eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy . 
D:  Twenty-five Euros , uh that's that's a preson reasonable price . 
D:  Now if we're gonna take a risk , and push this up a bit , make it more expensive , 
D:  then it w it could possibly sell . 
D:  But , I think uh there's one other thing interesting  two things that are interesting  
D:  is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group , which always spends more money on trendy new things , speech recognition is requested . 
D:  And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote . 
D:  Obviously , we can't make a remote into a computer , 
D:  but maybe simple commands . 
D:  louder , softer , on , off . 
D:  Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use . 
D:  So we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly . 
D:  <other> Uh fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time . <laugh> 
D:  So maybe one word speech recognition commands , 
D:  say remote , and there's a beep beep beep , 
D:  But , in the cost that uh the management is looking for , that's not gonna be possible . 
D:  But if it's trendy , 
D:  if it's fancy , 
D:  it's got some colour to it , 
D:  if it's very easy  easy to use , 
D:  if it's got simple remote  speech remote uh control , like I said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , 
D:  So we're gonna have to look at it in a <other> in this global idea , with the ideas of the industrial uh design . 
D:  But , price obviously we have to talk about . 
A:  What do you think about uh the design , uh what he was talking about  of the speech recognition ? 
B:  training is always an issue with uh commands . 
B:  uh  we can perhaps um <other> do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process , 
B:  <other> But um anyway , um <other> I I think also that uh this might impact the battery life . 
B:  maybe what we'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly 
B:  or maybe uh set it out in the sun 
B:  and it uh , you know , gets uh , from the light , um a a solar cell inside there 
C:  It seems also like with the speech recognition , yeah , it's a great feature , 
C:  but if you're watching T_V_ , there's a lot of ambient sound , 
C:  so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the T_V_ speech , and the the user's speech . 
D:  Because tha w <other> with speech recognition uh th I'm not that good at that idea 
D:  Because I think s with speech recognition , if uh the the remote or like the telephone <other>  it has a exact word that it has to hear . 
D:  I don't think it would come through a sentence in a television . 

A:  what I can uh suggest to you , Christine , 
A:  uh if you need some uh  the technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_ , 
A:  because they're already in this uh speech recognition part , 
A:  and uh if you want , I can coordinate , okay , to get some information , 
A:  and uh you can uh let me know , okay , so what kind of uh the details you require okay , to add this feature in this project . 
A:  we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop , apart from uh what  today . 

D:  From from your side uh , you're gonna have to go back the management 
D:  and s be more s precise . 
D:  What do they want ? 
D:  Uh <other> , a risk , take a risk on the market ? 
D:  Something that's gonna cost more , but could very easily s make a boom in the market ? 
D:  Because it has to be something totally different , 
A:  but end of the day , you're the sales guy , 
A:  It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us 
A:  I don't mind to convince , okay , the management to spend some more money on the project , okay , if you can make out of 
A:  The management says , okay , so they they don't want certain facilities , 
A:  they want something uh new , 
A:  I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , 
A:  And uh I hope I can convince the management on that , 

C:  the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products . 
C:  So , in our case , existing remote controls . 
C:  We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad , 
C:  but when you look , technically , at how it works , sometimes that's not the case . 
C:  Then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep , 
C:  Um and then what the remote control should look like , 
C:  in terms of the functionalities that we need , you obviously need to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off . 
C:  You need to change channels , both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing . 
C:  You need to be able to control the volume 
C:  and then control any menus on the T_V_ to regulate contrast or whatever . 
C:  the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls , in general . 
C:  The buttons  it's not clear what they're supposed to do . 
C:  Um often , you need to know specific button sequences <other> to get certain functionalities done , 
C:  um which you don't necessarily always remember , especially if it's a functionality that you don't use very often . 
C:  here we've got two examples 
C:  where here on the left-hand side , you can see a remote control that has lots and lots of buttons . 
C:  The buttons , in a lot of cases , are tiny . 
C:  they're labelled , 
C:  but the labels don't necessarily tell you too much . 
C:  Whereas , on the other side , you have a much simpler remote control 
C:  that I think basically has the minimum functionalities <other> that are needed . 
C:  And it sort of looks simpler and just less imposing when you first look at it . 
C:  So , I would be inclined to go sort of towards this , in terms of design , rather than this . 
C:  And if there's specific functionalities that require more buttons , then we can figure out how to do it with existing um buttons . 
C:  So my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit , or to a minimum , 
C:  make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed , so like the on button being really obvious one , the channel changing and the volume , 
C:  and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . 
B:  Clearly your research and uh  and ours uh heading in the same direction , 
B:  the only thing that I saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it . 
B:  I also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh , when you hold it , is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design 
B:  'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about , th th the look and the feel , 
C:  that's definitely a very important factor , especially to users who are gonna be buying the thing and then using it almost on an  daily basis in a lot of cases , I think . 
A:  for anybody need uh any help , for time being , on this uh subjects , okay , so please come back to me , 
A:  and uh Christine , maybe I can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies 
A:  to help you for uh make a design uh slim , 
A:  and to add some features , like we are talking about , the speech recognition and all . 

C:  Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 
C:  'cause we've thrown a lot of features onto the table , 
C:  do we actually want to incorporate all of them , 
C:  or have we missed anything ? 
B:  Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide , 
B:  maybe that would provide some guidance ? 
B:  I think we should <other> do as many features as uh  start with all of them right now 
C:  I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away ? 
C:  I mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um 
C:  and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use , maybe it's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , 
B:  I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 
B:  'cause w our meeting time has run out . 

B:  it says individual actions , 
B:  Um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach . 
B:  and you're supposed to keep watching the trends . 
B:  supposed to work on the user interface concept , 
B:  so I'm supposed to do the components concept , 
B:  and eliminate them later in the process , 

B:  so I'm supposed to do the components concept , 

B:  supposed to work on the user interface concept , 

B:  and you're supposed to keep watching the trends . 

A:  and uh if you want , I can coordinate , okay , to get some information , 
A:  uh if you need some uh  the technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_ , 

B:  and eliminate them later in the process , 
B:  I think we should <other> do as many features as uh  start with all of them right now 
B:  I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 
B:  'cause w our meeting time has run out . 

A:  and it will be slim , 
C:  'Cause , for example , in the unbreakable thing , doing something plastic would be harder , 
A:  if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . 
D:  if it's got simple remote  speech remote uh control , like I said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , 
D:  I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset 
C:  and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . 
D:  So maybe one word speech recognition commands , 
D:  say remote , and there's a beep beep beep , 

C:  Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 
B:  I think we should <other> do as many features as uh  start with all of them right now 
B:  and eliminate them later in the process , 
C:  do we actually want to incorporate all of them , 
C:  or have we missed anything ? 
C:  I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away ? 
C:  I mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um 
C:  and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use , maybe it's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , 
B:  I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 

D:  From from your side uh , you're gonna have to go back the management 
D:  and s be more s precise . 
D:  What do they want ? 
A:  The management says , okay , so they they don't want certain facilities , 
A:  I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , 
A:  And uh I hope I can convince the management on that , 

