A:  Okay , let's talk about uh maybe first uh for the prototype . 
C:  I've done a presentation , 
C:  but it pretty much covers work that we've both done , 
C:  so if I'm missing anything , Christine can just correct me . 
C:  from  when we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting , we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape , 
C:  so in terms of function , you have to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off , volume and channel control , menu control , voice recognition control , 
C:  The yellow button you have is the on off button , 
C:  so it's really big , hard to miss . 
C:  You have the the red um triangles are the toggles for changing the volume . 
C:  The green are the channel changing . 
C:  And then you have the numeric pad in the dark blue at the bottom , 
C:  and on the right-hand side you have the access to the menu on the T_V_ , 
C:  and on the left-hand side you have the the the ability to turn off the voice recognition . 
C:  the material that we chose was wood , 
C:  and uh the colour would be customisable , 
C:  'cause you can stain the wood whatever colour . 
B:  We haven't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed . 
B:  That depends on the uh s design of the circuit board inside and uh what room is left um  
A:  I think the microphone is on on the top , uh on the middle , the  under the flip . 
C:  But it shouldn't be under the flip either , 
C:  because you can have the remote control closed , but you still might want to activate it by voice . 
A:  my opinion I think it's better under the flip 
A:  because whenever you want to uh the talk , okay , so then you can speak then you can close it . 
A:  But if you put it on the on the flip , okay , then uh technical I don't think it's uh feasible , 
A:  'cause most of the time you speak then it will be recognised . 
C:  I mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up , I can just use my voice . 
C:  I mean it doesn't have to be on the flip , 
A:  Yeah , the sides maybe is good . 
B:  You need to work on the weight a little bit . <laugh> 
C:  And maybe the shape of the buttons , 
C:  the little egg shapes aren't the most economical , but  
A:  I'm satisfied . 
C:  We could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well . 
C:  And part of the thing is m a lot of people say that they don't like something that's too light , 
C:  So I mean maybe this is excessively heavy , 
C:  because they don't feel like they have enough control over it . 
C:  <other> So that's pretty much it for our presentation actually . 
D:  Well , the prototype is is very well within the design and ideas that we've we've talked about on the previous meetings . 
D:  Now it goes into this next phase as the financial uh marketing uh  

C:  and we've incorporated the L_C_D_ screen on the flip panel as part of the design , 
C:  if we figure out it's too expensive , well then you just take it off . 
C:  This is our remote control , with the flip panel as you can see . 
C:  So if you lift up the panel , you can see the lovely yellow L_C_D_ display . 
C:  <other> S And it's one of those very light , very touchable displays . 
C:  Additional feature on the back is that you can have your own customised backing 
C:  and I suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front . 

A:  so then let's come to the finance uh , 
A:  I have some uh calculations which I made uh as for uh the budget . 
A:  So here you can uh look like uh the energy  and uh  dynamo and uh kinetic and solar cells . 
A:  Uh it's optional , somewhat optional 
A:  and Ed wants the chip on print , that's what uh we were talking about that . 
A:  So then we have sample sensor and sample speaker , then uh we have the wood material , then special colour and push button . 
A:  actually , our budget was uh twelve point five Euro , 
A:  but uh it's coming to nine point nine five Euro , 
A:  so we are under uh  below the budget , 
D:  Well we haven't come to mine yet , so <laugh> 
D:  we're gonna have a bit of difference of opinion , yes . <laugh> 
B:  . It's gonna cost a long way to c you know , cost a lot of money to market it , is it ? 
D:  on this pr provisionary cost analysis , we do not have a L_C_ display . 
D:  L_C_ display is gonna be very expensive , 
C:  No we do , but it's not filled in . 
D:  We don't have the price up there , 
C:  you're right , sorry , yes . 
D:  okay , so if we add approximately two to three Euro per remote , now we're up around about twelve , twelve and a half as to what uh the company had initially uh requested . Um  
B:  So that means we can put the uh  the L_C_D_ in , yeah . 
D:  But as far as production um I'm putting up a question 
D:  because we're talking about profit also , 
D:  and in mine you'll see uh <other> the problem with uh our survey , the p the possibility that how many units can be sold , what percentage of the market , etcetera etcetera 
D:  Uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it's not transportation cost uh  
D:  <other> And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uh  the cost of the unit for the company . 
D:  So to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million Pound profit , we're gonna have to go a long ways . 
A:  so when it go into the quantity , okay , and the cost will come down . 
B:  <other> Although customisation , because this is being done , you know , the on  on-order basis , it might be uh the the quantity won't m won't uh 
D:  It's gonna be very hard to reduce . 
B:  Uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one Euro . 

A:  so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , 
A:  so then we can save some money , okay , to put into th our marketing or uh you know the promotions , whatever , okay , 
A:  I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . 

D:  So now I'm gonna scare everybody out of this project . <laugh> 
D:  since uh we need to have some type of idea on a market uh we had independent study that says it  this this market has an availability to absorb eight mi eight million units per year . 
D:  Our internal company evaluation puts it between eight to nine million 
D:  <other> Which means that uh if we have a target of two million would the company has to take twenty five percent of the market in the first year , 
D:  which is actually a tremendous amount . 
D:  if we put an inflated price of fifty Euro at a production cost that cannot exceed twenty-five Euro , 
D:  with transport , promotion , labour , because we hav  gi included the promotion in the cost , transport for the material to the stores or whatever how however we're gonna break this down between our our retailers . 
D:  At two million units , we have to have a profit of twenty-five Euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit Eu Euro profit . 
D:  I just did a run down the evaluation of the form , 
D:  the fan uh the fancy stylishness of the  of the unit , the ease of use , speech recognition , cost , we've gone through these . 
D:  Now , the company must evaluate the feasibility of being able to take enough of the market to justify in production . 
D:  but being that the market changes very very quickly , maybe there's no more interest in buying this thing in eighteen months from now . 
D:  So , now we have to come up with a decision . 
D:  Can the company sell two million units ? 
D:  Can it sell it for fifty Euros ? 

B:  Uh uh um I would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel 
B:  which would be um to use the internet for promotion and ordering 
B:  and then to drop-ship the p product to the customer's residence . 
C:  You can do a shipping centre somewhere , 
C:  or strategically place shipping centres to minimise distance costs . 
B:  In fact , we should sell through Amazon , 
B:  Or eBay , yeah . 
C:  That actually makes more sense if we're gonna make it so highly customisable , 
C:  'cause on the web people can look at the different options they have , see maybe what other people have done , what the range of possibility as , 
B:  And you can even have an  a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di 
B:  the only thing that you're missing really is the weight . 
C:  The weight and feel . 
B:  but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch before buying . 
D:  maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year , which could <other> you know , feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit . 
A:  I don't think that's uh not possible , 

C:  <other> Well I was just wondering about if we're gonna do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad , this is bad , we want this done differently . 
A:  Let's proceed with this model , okay , for the for the marketing direction , okay . 
A:  So no more changes will be made , okay , in this  the basic design . 
A:  So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market 
A:  and let's take the feedback from the customers , then we can uh go for the 
A:  second generation . 
C:  The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of . 
A:  Well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there's no end , there's no limit . 
C:  No , but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up . 
C:  I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . 
C:  well you have no redesign  not you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and  
C:  A lot of products have gone out there without being properly user-tested and completely flopped , 
C:  when in fact it gets re-released a few years down the line with proper testing and it takes off like crazy . 
B:  so , you're right , timing is very important , 

B:  Ed , d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for T_V_ remote control sales ? 
B:  Would it be the Christmas season by any chance ? 
A:  The sports time . 
B:  Sports season . 
D:  Right before the Eur <laugh> the World Cup . <laugh> World soccer . World Cup soccer , 
C:  Yeah , that's a good idea . 
B:  but , so , I'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing 
B:  pri and then to launch um at a a major sports event 
C:  <other> That's actually good place to advertise it too . 
B:  <other> There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um  that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it , 
B:  Maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage . 
A:  Yes , the  that of course uh I will convince the management to do that , okay . 

A:  so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , 
A:  I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . 

A:  Yes , the  that of course uh I will convince the management to do that , okay . 

A:  and uh let's leave it to the Ed for later for once production is over 

A:  okay then , l uh let's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , 
A:  I think he can promote the the brand value and the product value . 

C:  it can be on the side somewhere . 
A:  Yeah , the sides maybe is good . 

A:  so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , 
A:  I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . 

B:  In fact , we should sell through Amazon , 
B:  Or eBay , yeah . 
B:  So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the final  the the launch of a user-tested device with some  special event . 
C:  <other> That's actually good place to advertise it too . 
B:  <other> There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um  that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it , 

A:  So no more changes will be made , okay , in this  the basic design . 
A:  So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market 
A:  and let's take the feedback from the customers , then we can uh go for the 
C:  well you have no redesign  not you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and  

A:  okay then , l uh let's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , 
A:  so how it looks like technically and uh how it look like uh the real . 
B:  We probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it . 

D:  Uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it's not transportation cost uh  
D:  <other> And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uh  the cost of the unit for the company . 
D:  So to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million Pound profit , we're gonna have to go a long ways . 
D:  It's gonna be very hard to reduce . 
A:  so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , 
A:  I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . 
D:  At two million units , we have to have a profit of twenty-five Euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit Eu Euro profit . 

C:  <other> Well I was just wondering about if we're gonna do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad , this is bad , we want this done differently . 
C:  The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of . 
A:  So no more changes will be made , okay , in this  the basic design . 
A:  Well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there's no end , there's no limit . 
C:  No , but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up . 
C:  I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . 
C:  well you have no redesign  not you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and  

