A:  First I will introduce myself . 
A:  I'm Bart , 
D:  My name's Frank . 
A:  let's start off um with a little presentation . 
A:  Uh Now first I'll tell you a little bit about the setting . 
A:  You can see there are a few cameras here . 
A:  They'll record uh our actions 
A:  and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice . 
A:  is there a project documents folder ? 
A:  There are some notes in it already I see , some documents . 

A:  I don't know if you've noticed , but uh we're working for Real Reaction . 
A:  We put fashion in electronics , 
A:  uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . 
A:  Um have you all seen the corporate website already ? 
A:  Have you seen any flaws in it ? 
A:  I think I found one . <laugh> 
A:  But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh  there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction . 

A:  This is our agenda . 
A:  <other> Uh we have our opening acquaintance , tool training , project plan description closing . 
A:  then I can take some notes 
A:  Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while . 
A:  but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down , just write it down . 
A:  <other> Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . 
A:  It has to be original , trendy , and user friendly . 
A:  Uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through . 
A:  First is functional des uh design , individual work , meetings . 
A:  After the functional design , then the conceptual design and the detailed design . 
A:  The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . 
A:  Uh the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design . 
A:  <other> And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and project  uh product ev evaluation . 
A:  But that will be all worked out in uh other meetings . 

A:  As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board . 
A:  Um in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side . 
A:  Here are some functions . 
A:  You can save . 
A:  uh these functions we don't have anything to do with , 
A:  only undo , you can undo a little uh piece of drawing . 
A:  A blank new document for each person . 
A:  Uh select a pen , 
A:  eraser . 
A:  Uh then we've got our pen . This pen . 
A:  It's really funny 
A:  You can also select the current colour and the line width . 
A:  and it's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there . 
A:  We've got our shared folder , 
A:  But all you will found that already 
A:  because there are a lot of documents in it already , 
A:  so if you have a document you wanna show , just open it from the folder . 
A:  Here is a simple tool bar . 
A:  it's save , print , move back or forward one page . 
A:  You can switch between the different drawings . 
A:  And then we're going to try out the white board . 
A:  We're going to uh draw animal . 
A:  <other> And uh just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics . 
A:  Um the only thing we have to uh look after is that we use different colours , and different line width . 
A:  You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child . 
A:  Because if you hold it like this , the sensors will get blocked 
A:  Another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow . 
A:  'Cause if you're going to draw like really fast then um the pen won't hold up . 
A:  we choose form of current colour 
A:  uh I think grey is appropriate . 
A:  Now you'll see my drawing capabilities . 
A:  you have to do it real slow . 
A:  I was trying to draw a dolphin , 
A:  <laugh> And then you can undo 
A:  Maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down . 
A:  now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you . 
D:  Gonna use a different line width . 
A:  Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width , I think . 
D:  You have to go really slow when you're writing . 
B:  Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head , 
C:  I was gonna draw a cat too , 
A:  it's pretty skinny cat . <laugh> 
A:  everybody knows how to work with the white board now ? 
D:  Yeah . 

A:  move along to the project finance . 
A:  Um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five Euros . Our selling price . 
A:  Uh our profit aim is fifty million Euros . 
A:  Uh we can do it international , 
A:  so we have to focus on different kind of users , different kind of cultures , and different kind of trends as well . 
A:  Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , 
A:  just try to remember these points . Selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million um , but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on . And production cost uh maximal twelve and a half Euros . 
A:  that's leads us to our little discussion . 
A:  does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and I mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ? 
C:  No , me neither . 
D:  kind of broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player , 
D:  so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the T_V_ , one for the video recorder , one for the D_V_D_ player . 
D:  And I think it's  it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all . 
A:  I've I've got one at home . 
A:  And you can uh program I think eight different devices in it , 
A:  I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . 
A:  we've  we want different functions 
A:  uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red . 
A:  And it also operates on infra-red , 
A:  and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . 
A:  so you have to got the little device inside your room , 
D:  Think it has to be shock proof 
B:  Sure , yeah . 
D:  my remote control tends to fall a lot . 
B:  Waterproof , 
D:  Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it . 
D:  how much is left in the battery . 
D:  But maybe just a little LED , 

A:  And we can all work uh on our own projects . <other> 

A:  Um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five Euros . Our selling price . 

A:  Uh we can do it international , 

A:  Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , 

A:  I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . 

D:  Think it has to be shock proof 

B:  Waterproof , 

D:  But they'll also really drag up the production costs , 
D:  so think we'll have to see about that too . 

