A:  In this meeting we will discuss our final design . 
A:  But first um we will do the  this is prototype presentation . 
C:  this is what me and Richard came up with . 

C:  this is what me and Richard came up with . 
C:  The default spot for the on-off button . 
C:  The mute button just below that . 
C:  Then there's the volume and channel selectors . 
C:  Simple plus-minus button . 
C:  Uh we thought of a help button . 
C:  If you hold it and you press another button , uh the help goes to the L_C_D_ screen . 
C:  Then there's the zero to  one to zero buttons . A button for teletext . A button for the subtitles . And the company logo . 
C:  So it's rather simple prototype . 
D:  Um , <cough> is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality ? 
D:  Um , when you're in teletext there usually are buttons where you just you just press it and you g go to the next teletext page . 
B:  Uh , that's just uh the normal uh as th as the normal uh remote controls uh  
B:  you um came in uh page uh one hundred . Now you can use the normal uh one to zero buttons . 
B:  But you can also uh use the um button th for uh changing the the channel . S so uh the shifting uh button . Uh for uh yeah shif shifting up in uh on t on t uh teletext , and shifting uh down . So  
A:  I thought in a few meetings earlier we uh uh tried to keep it uh simple . Uh just a few buttons and large buttons . 
A:  But uh I think these are altogether quite a quite a few buttons . 
A:  So I'm wondering if we if we neely  really need all of those buttons . 
C:  I think if you look at most controls , they've got more buttons than this . 
C:  the on-off button , it's it's a necessity . 
C:  The volume and channel buttons , you need you obviously need those those . 
C:  The mute button could be replaced uh by pressing the volume-down button twice . 
C:  I think the help button really is necessary 
C:  because there's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does . 
B:  Uh , or you can build in uh when you press uh one button uh uh  
C:  you can't leave out the number buttons I guess . 
A:  Uh teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary . 
C:  So it's rather basic already . 
A:  Just n normal plain buttons . 
C:  But they're supposed to be equal sized , round , with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume , the the triangle and stuff . 
C:  and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons . With a a different colour than the case . 
A:  And we can keep our L_C_D_ screen , 
A:  which can provide extra information . How to use the scroll wheel . How to use the other bu buttons as subtitles . 

A:  I will move on to the finance part , 
A:  And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half Euros . 
A:  I don't know if I've filled in correctly , 
A:  so just correct me if you see uh something wrong . 
A:  I counted two batteries . 
A:  But maybe we can also use one . 
D:  Since it rechargeable . 
A:  That's two Euros off . <laugh> 
A:  We need the advanced chip . 
A:  <other> Here we have the single curves . 
A:  Uh we can see that the difference between uncurved and the single curved is one Euro . Um , 
A:  but I think the single curved is good for design , and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control . 
A:  Then we have the case material supplements . 
A:  It's plastic . 
A:  It's the cheapest one we need . 
A:  But then the biggest costs are the buttons . 
A:  So maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to uh keep our costs low . 
A:  Let's fir first count the buttons we have now . 
B:  Uh seventeen . Uh with the help button . 
A:  I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . 

A:  Or we can leave out the ten buttons 
A:  and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers . 
A:  If you scroll you will see the numbers on the L_C_D_ display . 
A:  Until you've got the right number , then you push it . 
D:  That would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also . Integrated scroll-wheel push-button . 
A:  but then you you can push uh some other button as well . 
A:  Yeah . That's right . So if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second , then it g turns to that channel . 

A:  I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . 
D:  Uh , d I assume you'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each , 
A:  can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ? 
C:  I think so . Yeah . 
D:  With only five buttons on it . And a scroll-wheel . 
D:  Holding a remote with <other> which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . 
C:  And just um  If you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel . 
A:  So we make one for the volume , one for the channel . Plus scroll . 
A:  we can leave the teletext in if we want . 
A:  So we can decrease this one to four buttons . 

D:  if we're n gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . 
D:  So maybe we should just re-focus . 
A:  Just put it on the market for everybody . 

A:  I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . 
D:  I was thinking , maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button . 
A:  Or we can leave out the ten buttons 
A:  and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers . 

D:  I did some literature study study , and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier . 
D:  Translated it into criteria , 
D:  Um , is the remote fancy ? The shape , look and feel . 
D:  Innovative ? What new functions are there ? 
D:  Uh , easy to use ? 
D:  Uh , learnability is a very important factor here . 
D:  Uh , is it functional ? 
D:  And the cost . 
D:  The target group . Is the remote really for the group we're making it for ? 
D:  I have to say this was a little hard , 
D:  because the minutes of our last meeting were not here . 
A:  that's because my pen failed to upload his data . 
D:  Is the design fancy , on a scale of one to seven ? 
D:  We all go for six ? 
D:  Um , is the design innovative ? 
D:  I think so , 
D:  Seven ? 
D:  Is the design easy to use ? 
B:  Mm . Not really . 
A:  I would say four . Four or five between . Between four or five . 
A:  Is it functional ? 
A:  Yes . 
D:  Do we have too many functions ? 
C:  No . 
A:  Think it's uh seven . 
D:  and do we um take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control ? Like it getting lost and  R_S_I_ influences ? 
C:  Mm , we haven't thought of that one . 
D:  Think we do . 
D:  Are the production costs within the preset limits ? 
D:  they are now . 
D:  Does the design fit the group of focus ? 
C:  I think that's a three . 
A:  I think with our new radio button , I think it's uh I think it's better . 
C:  <other> I still  I think it's too m too fancy . Too too flashy . 
A:  I would give it a four . 
D:  I think I'd go for two . 
D:  we have the logo there . 
D:  These are seven factors times seven is forty something . Two ? 
D:  Forty one out of forty nine . 
A:  That's  Around eighty percent . 
A:  I think that's a pretty nice score . 

D:  Is the company company recognisable ? 
A:  Yes it is . 
A:  And they wanna put fashion in their products . Uh in the slogan of the company . 
A:  And we have the removable front cases . 

A:  that brings us to the project evaluation . 
A:  Did we move through the right phases , you think ? <other> Along the process ? 
D:  Think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier . In the design phase . 
A:  So lack of information about prices . 
C:  The tasks are very structured , 

A:  Was there room for creativity ? 
D:  Not too much . <laugh> No . <laugh> 
A:  It's because of the finance sheet . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , there w there was enough room , but the finance uh  
D:  And I would've liked to go for the younger users also . 
D:  And just to be able to access internet and get something of your own . 
A:  Was it clear what everybody had to do uh according to their roles and functions ? Yeah ? 
A:  Teamwork ? Did it work out ? Working together ? Also , you  two of you with the uh last phase ? 

A:  I think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire . I think . 
A:  <other> I think I'm going to make our final presentation now . 
A:  <laugh> And then I will be back in about ten minutes to show you the final presentation . Summary of the project . 
D:  Are we supposed to go into our own rooms again ? 
B:  Uh maybe we have to fill uh another questionnaire . 

None

D:  I still think we should go for the single curve design . 

None

None

None

A:  So we make one for the volume , one for the channel . Plus scroll . 
A:  can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ? 

A:  If you scroll you will see the numbers on the L_C_D_ display . 
A:  And we can keep our L_C_D_ screen , 
A:  which can provide extra information . How to use the scroll wheel . How to use the other bu buttons as subtitles . 

D:  if we're n gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . 
D:  So maybe we should just re-focus . 
A:  Just put it on the market for everybody . 

None

D:  maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little . 
A:  but uh we have to stick to the twelve and a half Euros . 
D:  I'd rather just go to the board 
D:  and get us to spend <laugh> eighteen dollars a a remote . 

D:  Only the docking station , I guess . 
C:  Which isn't the  the docking station isn't even in this c s schematic . 
C:  it's not even taken into the price . 

D:  But then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , 
D:  who don't even know what a scroll-wheel is . 
D:  With only five buttons on it . And a scroll-wheel . 
D:  Holding a remote with <other> which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . 
A:  I think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . 
D:  This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell . 
D:  'Cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff . 
D:  This is not familiar for them . 
B:  But they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . 
B:  Uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels . 

D:  But then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , 
D:  who don't even know what a scroll-wheel is . 
A:  I think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . 
B:  But they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . 
B:  Uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels . 
D:  'Cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff . 
D:  This is not familiar for them . 

