A:  Hello . Hello . 
A:  you all read what we are going to do or not ? 
D:  We're gonna make a remote control . 
A:  I just made a a simple uh presentation . 
A:  that's my name ,  . 
A:  Uh we're going to make uh a remote control , 
A:  are we going to  uh this agenda of our meeting . 
A:  You know , this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting . 
A:  it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly 

A:  Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control . 
A:  Fir the first thing is th the functional design , 
A:  We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and and how the mm the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design , 
A:  The the second thing is the conceptual design , 
A:  that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface . 
A:  And we have to look what uh the market is doing for  what kind of uh remote controls are in the market . 
A:  And the third thing is uh the detailed design 
A:  it's exactly how it looks and whatever . <laugh> 

A:  these are two smartboards , with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one . 
A:  And you already saw  you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map . 
A:  what we're going to do first is um 
A:  You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard 
A:  and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen . 
A:  and um and say why it's your favourite animal . 
A:  first have to show you , 
A:  maybe you can come here to have a look how it works . 
A:  Use pen format . 
A:  and a different colour can use here  
A:  line width <other> ten . 
A:  Just draw slowly , 
A:  because otherwise it won't work . 
A:  It's a very nice elephant , you can see . 
A:  It's a bit slow you can see , 
A:  this is a bit annoying . 
D:  and then uh what's the colour ? 
D:  How do I do  
A:  It's in format . 
A:  Just make a new blank new blank page . 
A:  Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back , 
B:  let's make it um a dog . 
B:  I make a cat of it . 
B:  I just draw too quick I think . 
A:  I thought these pens would be just um  uh you write it down and you download it to Word , 
B:  but you actually got to write on the paper . 
A:  but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word , 
B:  but it's just a picture . 
D:  Y you can you can't edit in the  edit it in Word . 
A:  it's not that cool as I th thought it would be . 
A:  Now we just have to save everything , 

A:  what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros . 
A:  And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros , 
A:  so we have to uh use a big market in Europe . 
A:  The production cost are about half the price of selling price , 
A:  can someone make a a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million , 

A:  we're gonna have  a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the  and everything , 
D:  my first question was does it have to be a <other> a universal remote control ? 
A:  that's a good question . 
D:  Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it uh apart . 

C:  Yeah , it probably would be universal . 
A:  I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros , 
D:  I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros 
A:  we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . 
C:  And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player 
A:  so a lot of buttons <laugh> on the remote control . 

A:  what what what's a remote control , 
A:  it's just a black thing with some buttons on it , 
B:  we can try to make it special . 
D:  <other> Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it uh it has to be clear , 
C:  And how big should it be ? 
B:   It shouldn't be too big , 
B:  but I don't think we can make it too small , 
B:  We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think . 
B:  Or we have to make something uh like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . 
B:  maybe more trendy . 
B:  Fold open , 
B:  where you can see uh more options . I think  
B:  something uh on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often . 
C:  O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control . 
A:  Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? 
C:  or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small . 
A:  But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it . 
D:  And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control , 
D:  because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken . 
A:  And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile . 
A:  You can put games on your remote control . Whatever . <laugh> 

C:  <laugh> And uh how about the batteries ? 
C:  Uh should you put it in a recharger 
D:  Ma maybe a home station . 
B:  but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think . 
B:  uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger ? 
C:  if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive , 
C:  but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing . 
A:  because maybe it's too expensive . 
A:  Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably  it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , 
D:  but a home station is uh a really good idea , 
D:  because uh lots of people are  uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is , 
B:  Maybe uh use it as a separate option . Sell it uh separately . 
C:  and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station , 
C:  or you can change your batteries , 
A:  The option , just the option , that's cool . 

D:  Uh I I set something on paper already ,  size , looks , uh usable , 
D:  uh the buttons on usable places , 
D:  uh the the on off button must be on top , 
D:  uh it has to lay good in the hand , 
A:  does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control 
C:  uh if if we want to make it special , we probably have to do a lot of testing , if it really works . 
B:  you can um have uh <other> the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume uh obviously on t on top , so you can see . 
B:  so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as well . 
B:  But the rest is uh you don't use that often , 
C:  And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , 
D:  Uh on on top are the the basic options on top , 
C:  basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so , 
A:  maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh 
D:  Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an  uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control . 
A:  So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control  . 
A:  Just think about it . 

A:  We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting , 
D:  Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , 
A:  what's in the market , 
A:  I think this  if you  you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . 
A:  uh what kind of uh buttons do you have . 

D:  Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , 
A:  what's in the market , 
A:  I think this  if you  you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . 
A:  uh what kind of uh buttons do you have . 

C:  Yeah , it probably would be universal . 
A:  we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . 
C:  And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player 

C:  My laptop is crashing . 
A:  Uh actually my laptop doesn't work , 
D:  Okay . I think it works . 
A:  How does this work ? 
D:  Press F_ eleven . 
A:  Just draw slowly , 
A:  because otherwise it won't work . 
A:  It's a bit slow you can see , 
D:  How do I do  

D:  Ma maybe a home station . 
C:  Uh should you put it in a recharger 
B:  but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think . 
A:  because maybe it's too expensive . 
A:  Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably  it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , 
D:  but a home station is uh a really good idea , 
A:  The option , just the option , that's cool . 

B:  we can try to make it special . 
B:  Or we have to make something uh like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . 
B:  where you can see uh more options . I think  
C:  O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control . 
A:  Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? 
A:  But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it . 
A:  And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile . 
C:  And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , 
A:  maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh 
D:  Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an  uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control . 
A:  So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control  . 
A:  Just think about it . 

