D:  and the other bit of news is we had  you know , uh , I was visited by my German project manager 
D:  and he came up  we came up  with a pretty strange idea . 
D:  It should be possible to make that system produce questions . 
abst_sum - abstract: An idea for future work was suggested during the visit of the german project manager: the possibility to use the same system for language generation.

D:  But maybe one could do some learning . 
abst_sum - abstract: Having a system able to ask questions could contribute significantly to training the belief-net.

B:  The basic idea I guess would be to give  allow the system to have intentions , basically ? 
D:  Well you can observe some user and context stuff and ask , what 's the posterior probabilities of all of our decision nodes . 
abst_sum - abstract: Setting up certain inputs in the Bayes-net would imply certain intentions, which would trigger dialogues.

B:  I mean we just  I mean it wouldn't hurt to write up a paper , 
D:  Well , I  I also think that if we sort of write about what we have done in the past six months , we  we  we could sort of craft a nice little paper that  if it gets rejected , which could happen , doesn't hurt 
D:  And then we can say , uh well what we do is this . 
abst_sum - abstract: There is potential to make a conference paper out of presenting the current work and the project aspirations within a parsing paradigm.

D:  So this will be sort of documenting what we think , and documenting what we have in terms of the Bayes - net stuff . 
D:  Well , in the moment it 's a Bayes - net . 
D:  And it has sort of fifty not - yet - specified interfaces . 
abst_sum - abstract: The focus should be the Bayes-net, to which all other modules interface.

D:  The SUDO - square <writing on whiteboard> is , <three-syllable laugh> " Situation " , " User " , " Discourse " , right ? " Ontology " . 
abst_sum - abstract: Situation, User, Discourse and Ontology feed into the net to infer user intentions.

D:  and Johno coming up with the idea that if the person discussed the  discussed the admission fee , in  eh previously , that might be a good indication that , " how do I get to the castle ? " , actually he wants to enter . 
abst_sum - abstract: Someone asking where the castle is after having asked about the admission fee, indicates that -given that the castle is open to tourists- they want to go there, as opposed to knowing its whereabouts.

D:  and specify um , what  what we think the  the output uh , observe , out  i input nodes for our Bayes - nets for the sub sub - D , for the discourse bit , should be . 
D:  So we want to sort of come up with what gets uh , input , and how inter in case of a " where is " question . 
D:  so that we actually end up with um , um , nodes for the discourse and ontology 
D:  so that we can put them into our Bayes - net , 
abst_sum - abstract: It was suggested that they start analysing what the Discourse and Ontology would give as inputs to the Bayes-net by working on simple utterances like "where is X?".

D:  and we can run our better JavaBayes , and have it produce some output . 
abst_sum - abstract: With this addition, all input layers of the net would be functioning.

None
abst_sum - abstract: Although this function would be limited, it would allow for the Bayes-net to be tested in its entirety and, henceforth, extended.

None
abst_sum - decisions: The possibility of incorporating language generation into the system will have to be discussed further.

D:  Look at the web page and let 's talk about it maybe tomorrow afternoon ? 
abst_sum - decisions: Similarly, as no one could recall some of the points of the conference call, the group will have to meet again and define the exact structure and content of the paper they are going to submit.

D:  So this will be sort of documenting what we think , and documenting what we have in terms of the Bayes - net stuff . 
abst_sum - decisions: The Bayes-net is going to be the focus of the presentation.

D:  and specify um , what  what we think the  the output uh , observe , out  i input nodes for our Bayes - nets for the sub sub - D , for the discourse bit , should be . 
D:  So we want to sort of come up with what gets uh , input , and how inter in case of a " where is " question . 
D:  so that we actually end up with um , um , nodes for the discourse and ontology 
abst_sum - decisions: In order to complete a functioning prototype of the belief-net, it was decided to start expanding the Ontology and Discourse nodes by working with a simple construction, like "where is X?".

A:  Wait , so do , or do not take other kinds of constructions into account ? 
D:  Well , if you  if you can , oh definitely do , 
abst_sum - decisions: A robust analysis of such a basic utterance will indicate what the limits of the information derived from the construction are, as well as ways to design the whole module and fit other constructions in.

E:  e I 'm sort of  have the impression that getting it to say the right thing in the right circumstances is much more difficult than getting it to understand something given the circumstances and so on , 
D:  it 's not the same as the understanding . 
abst_sum - problems: The idea to create a language generation module for the system, along with the language understanding, was met with interest, although it was made clear that generation is not just the inverse of understanding.

E:  just the fact that we 'll get  The point is that getting it to understand one construction doesn't mean that it will n always know exactly when it 's correct to use that construction . Right ? 
abst_sum - problems: Understanding what a construction entails does not mean the system can use the construction in all appropriate circumstances.

D:  But maybe one could do some learning . 
E:  Yeah , it 's g Anyway , the point is that given all of these different factors , it 's uh e it 's  it 's still going to be impossible to run through all of the possible situations or whatever . 
abst_sum - problems: A dialogue producing system would be useful for training the system further, even though the number of input permutations could render the process computationally unwieldy.

D:  I mean , it 's obvious that we can't do any kind of evaluation , 
abst_sum - problems: Regarding the conference paper, it was noted that at this stage they have not completed any big parts of the system and there is no evaluation.

A:  Like introducing the formalism might be not really possible in detail , 
abst_sum - problems: Similarly, the length of the paper would not allow for presentation of the formalism in detail.

None
abst_sum - problems: The focus would have to be on cognitive motivations of the research, and not on system design, anyway.

None
abst_sum - problems: Such motivations also apply to the belief-net: there are various direct or indirect ways to link features of the Ontology or Discourse with specific intentions.

D:  but normal statements that seem completely unambiguous , such as " where is the blah - blah " , actually are terribly complex , and completely ambiguous . 
abst_sum - problems: The originating observation behind the whole project is that utterances like "Where is X?" are seemingly unambiguous, but, in context, they can acquire much more complex interpretations.

