B:  <cough> 
A:  Um almost , there's one more thing I have to get out of the  I have to make sure that this attachment will open . 
B:  <other> I keep forgetting whether I've done this .  . 
A:  Ah-ha . Okay . We'll open that when the time is right . In the meantime  Closing things down , okay . Let's see what this thing does . Does it come up together or disappear one of them or what ? Ah , we came up together , we're good . Okay . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  Are we ready to start ? Okay . It's now quarter of four . This is a f another forty minute one so it will end at four twenty five . Okay . Right . Our agenda is , as before , for me to open the meeting , for us to go over the previous minutes , then for the two of you to present your prototype and for you to g um Sarah present the evaluation criteria . We then have a finance aspect , which is a spreadsheet , an Excel spreadsheet . And I know what you're all thinking of , oh my , um because we're only given a forty minute time period to get it all in , including the production evaluation . So we're going to make a very fast track . Okay . Um and as you can see that's what we do next on this thing . So the first thing I have to do is close this so that I can get to  
topic_description:	opening_None


A:  Where is it ? <other> 
D:  Red . 
A:  I need to open mine . Not the agenda . 
D:  Agenda three . Mm . 
A:  No that th I want the minutes from the previous  minutes . That should be there , minutes . Yeah . Okay . Uh from meeting three , is it alright with you if I don't switch it to show , just use it as is ? 'Cause this way I can more easily flip it . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  Okay , um obviously all of us were here for the last meeting , we reviewed the previous minutes before that , um each of you made your presentations . <other> Um we discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations . The market trend of fruit and veg , mm spongy , uh fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy . Um we decided chip on print would be used . Um we would use plastic with a rubber casing , I think was the consensus , powered by kinetic energy . There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight . Um perhaps the prototype will give us an inkling of that . Um looking like a scroll , but it's really a push button technology , excuse my spelling um that was actually in use , that is uh behind the scenes is push button which we uh according to Kate have a very good uh grasp on doing that in production . Um we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product that could be suggested to management . Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo , a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us . Um we did have a few production issues and coordination of the various bits and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints and we ran out of time . Um we had to follow that up and prepare for the last one . And uh we closed as it ran out of time . Is that a fair presentation of what happened ? Okay , back to this meeting . Um we're down to the prototype presentation . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Yep . Ta-da . Right . 
C:  Alright . 
A:  Over to you . 
topic_description:	opening_None


C:  Well . 
A:  Ooh , two . 
C:  Yeah , well you see , each made one , we didn't have enough yellow dough . This is the one 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Ah . 
C:  that I made . 
A:  Uh-huh . 
C:  Can I scroll down on there and see what else  
B:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  <other> So , it just depends what you think about these ideas and if I'm  yeah , maybe , Kate , you better say what you think about them . <laugh> 
B:  Um well I don't have very much to add . 
topic_description:	presentation of prototype(s)_None


C:  It is uh curved , easy to hold , hand-held , nice and small with big easy buttons . This is like a scroll , but they are push buttons and they enter  takes you into the different menus . Of course we need someone who's experienced with the television  . I mean this is the infrared thing that's gonna zap at the television . Uh I'm not quite sure how to make that , but I'm sure it will work . Uh this is on off switch , 'cause I think we do need that , and I think it gives it a nice balance . And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it uh in there . Um as for what it's actually made of  well the function of these buttons is up , down , left and right <other> in the different menus . 
A:  'Kay . Okay . Okay . 
C:  Uh position , I presume that just means right right on it , easy to see . The main feature of it is just a simple design , simple , lack of uh buttons all over the place . Right ? <other> Form curved , kind of smooth , hand-held , makes it feel nice to hold . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Uh material , I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit , but I think we have two different options , because we did make a another one , which wa uh is in the shape of banana , it's just  if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons , like just like this but in the shape of a banana , which is also nice and easy to hold and feels good and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology , just a slightly different design . Also with on off switch and infrared  <other> uh I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . <cough> 
C:  So like uh  well , I dunno , what's it like ? I guess like an existing remote control , but molded and smooth . Whereas otherwise we'd thought , like with this one  or mix and match , just we were gonna see what you thought , the  uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons . So we have the two options we can follow , either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber , depending on cost restraints . And what we well , what conclusion we reach when we discuss it . <other> Uh material  yeah , that's what I have to say about material . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


C:  Well colour , I think  I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons , because that's the company colours , but if anybody's got any other suggestions , I'm quite willing to consider them as well . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


B:  Um the the case  oops , that's the uh on off button just come off our prototype . The the case can be either um spongy rubber or hard plastic . We're not absolutely sure about a combination of the two , but it can be either of those . We have the technology to do that . Um and as for the the actual components um , uh Steph just said this is a  quite a cheap device to manufacture . We have simple rubber push buttons um which provide all the functionality we need . Um the um <other> the diode that actually does the um infrared is at the end , it's the stalk of the banana , or it's just the thing at the end of this version . Um so that's for material . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


B:  Colour , well uh Steph's the expert on colour . Um we we don't have any particular restrictions on that . Yeah , I think that's all we've got to say really . 
C:  I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme , I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped . This one has n banana , yeah . This one has no obvious connections to fruit , but because it's round and molded , 
B:  A banana . 
C:  it kinda makes you think sort of organic , touchy-feely , kiddie , it's more like  yeah , you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one , which I quite like that sort of image . 'Cause it's very big and chunky and child-friendly and 
B:  <other> Would you care to examine the prototypes , see how they feel in the hand ? 
C:  <laugh> Hold them , you see , you know . Curvature , is it to your liking ? 
A:  <laugh> Oh I see , the on-off's in the back . 
B:  Yes , that's so that your index finger automatically goes straight to it . 
C:  <laugh> If you don't wanna tire out your thumbs after all . 
A:  And then you can use your thumb . <other> 
B:  And it was partly we thought the design looked better , but it could be moved if if marketing feel it's important to have the on off button in a different place . 
C:  Yeah .  
A:  I could see this thing , unless it's reinforced , having a problem with the 
C:  Breaking , oh right . <other> Well you see , that's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it , because then it'd just be rigid . 
A:  you know  yeah . 
D:  I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role . 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  It's really kind of a  
C:  Yeah ,  we really like we really like that design , I mean it looks just like a logo , that arrangement of the keys . Like a c like a compass point , you know , just up , down , left and right , and we think we could make that quite a good feature . And it's like the the iPod scroll wheel , <other> but better . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , I mean it  that's what it makes me think of , mobile phones , I was try I was thinking , moving your thumb like this , what does that remind me of ? It's texting . 
D:  Mm-hmm mm-hmm . Yeah . But it's also like texting , you don't  
B:  Hmm . 
D:  <other> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  And it's a very simple design , there's not a lot to wrong , the components are cheap to make . 
D:  It's also in terms of um being lost it's it's quite  it looks quite different . You know , I I d I have several  four remotes , and they all look the same until you get up close and you have to  you know , this is really identifiable . 
C:  Hmm . Yeah . <other> I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of  <other> I mean actually how to program the menus and what sort of , you know , text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen , but we do definitely think that it's a viable option . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


A:  Okay . The next item is evaluation . 
D:  No , okay . 
A:  Uh if that's  if you're finished . 
D:  Um  
C:  <other> Uh yeah , we're finished . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  shall I take your uh power ? 
A:  Oh sorry . 
D:  Oh . 
A:  <other> Try again . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


D:  Okay . This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation , and the method here is to evaluate the new remote control in terms of the user requirements and the hot trends introduced by the marketing department . So , this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by uh the consumers a as well as incorporate all of our insight into this uh evaluation exercise . So I'm going to go and use the whiteboard , and I've made a list of criteria to look at , and so I'm gonna I'm gonna leave this up as the last thing , but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false , going over these different criteria , so one true seven false and I'm gonna now use the um the board . Okay . So um fancy , technologically innovative , easy to use , trendy , buttons , excess buttons , good buttons , ugly , sellable , and other . And in fact I hope that uh you all introduce some additional terms , because these are things that um have been brought up , some of them seem rather close , like they overlap . 
C:  Yeah , what about price , is that gonna go on there as well ? Price of materials . 
D:  Mm , yeah , price . 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  We'll put price up at the top . 
C:  <laugh> Not that we actually know anything about it , but we can we can pretend . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Well we will soon , unfortunately . 
D:  Um Okay , so  
A:  Come on . No 
D:  Did you say  ? 
D:  Sellable , uh quirky , you know , something people  like oh , yeah . Yeah , I do too . 
B:  Yeah , I think they're different , aren't they ? 
C:  Well it is quite it is quite quirky I think . 
A:  I like it . 
C:  It could be quite a good brand , like 
D:  Oh yeah . 
C:  a good little object . 
D:  And I was I was thinking of other things um in terms of uh could we say it's cost saving ? With the  
C:  Oh , we also need tho think about the energy . Is it the kinetic energy ? If it's  it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy . 
D:  Yeah , with the energy . 
B:  Mm . <other> Yeah . 
D:  It is going to be kinetic ? 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah , we'll c we'll say it's a cost saving enviro . Uh so yes . 
C:  Yeah , but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet , so we're not completely sure about that , but yeah . 
D:  Well <other> you're still in the Play-Doh stage . Anything else ? Including price , do you have any idea about price or other features ? 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Well I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop . We haven't got a lot of expensive components in there . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Yes , the instinct says true . 
D:  So true one or should I go to two or three ? 
B:  I'd put it at one I think , but  I dunno , what do you  
D:  Okay . 
C:  I would say maybe a two , 'cause we still  we need to uh get somebody in who is good with the programming for the menus 
B:  Yeah , true , it might be the  yeah , yeah , true . 
C:  and things . I mean it's not just like  I mean it's not like ev you know , on a normal chunky remote every button res I mean means something different , whereas this one has only got the four buttons and they all  they mean everything , depending on what menu you're in .  uh we need somebody to develop that . 
A:  Yeah , that's not a cheap thing to get . 
B:  True . 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  Yeah , that's a good point . 
D:  Um other ? Anything else you guys can thing of ? And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these so then I'm gonna  instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive and then make that true , so that  'cause I have to do an average . <other> And then um excess buttons . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  <laugh> Right . 
C:  Just putting no excess buttons . 
D:  Exactly . Wow we're doing really well . Yeah , be you know , so it doesn't ruin the polarity . 
C:  As for  see if we're technologically innovative , I'd say it is quite innovative , because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons . I mean I know we're not doing anything involving internet or speech recognition 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  but but we are at the upper end of the push button market . <laugh> 
D:  Or L_C_D_ . Yeah . Well if you g uh let me know if if any of these  um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here  if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features . If not I'll average those . 
A:  I think we're good . 
D:  <other> Okay . 
topic_description:	evaluation of prototype(s)_None


D:  Uh okay , so 
A:  ,  . 
D:  wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy ? 
C:  It depends what what you mean by fancy really , 'cause when I think of fancy , I think of it's got lots of extra sort of fripperies and , you know , like baroque curliness and  which 
D:  <other> Mm-hmm . 
C:  I'd call these quite uh minimalist , 
B:  Yes , a plain , simple , clean design . 
C:  simple and plain , but I mean I do see what  <other> it is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality , so in that respect it is quite fancy . 
D:  Mm-hmm . <other> I  yeah , so in that respect  I think we'll go with that respect . 
C:  I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy , I'd say maybe aesthetic . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  <other> Well we have got s trendy further down , but  
A:  Elegant . Elegant . 
D:  Elegant . 
B:  Elegant , I don't know if I'd call them elegant . 
D:  Yeah , no these aren't the exact terms that the um  
C:   like stylish or aesthetic . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Stylish , yeah . 
D:  Elegant . We're gon let's use elegant , although the the the people , the word on the street is is <other>  
C:  Fancy . 
D:  Yeah . <laugh> N that  um 
C:  Did you just break the pen ? 
D:  yeah uh  the uh  is fancy . So let's let's take it to the next level . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  Well d we'll just call it fancy then . 
D:  Well okay , so in terms of elegant , fancy . we'll call it E_F_ um , do we do we think that perhaps  and maybe we should say the yellow ? Should we go with the yellow in terms of  I think that's a really superior  they're both  
C:  Yeah , I think we n we need to  they're both yellow with black buttons , it's just that we didn't have any more dough to represent uh that , but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black . So what we re really need to decide is whether we want the actual banana shape 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  or just a a purely blob or some sort of abstraction in between the two that isn't  that is more curved , like a banana , but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana , you know , with the grooves and the stalk and stuff , so . 
D:  Yeah . As a banana . I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  And of the two I really like I m I like the banana , but I I do like the chunk . 
A:  The chunk . 
C:  So that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now , is it . Just somewhere a long the scale of in between these two . 
D:  No , but I mean in terms  we have to evaluate one of them . Unless  do you guys wanna evaluate both ? 
A:  I think between the two , somewhere between the two is true . 
B:  <other> Yeah , I'd  
A:  It's more true than false , about a two . 
D:  Okay . So we say true . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


D:  Um <other> technologically innovative . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  I d I don't think that's what we're aiming at with this concept . I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative . 
D:  Yeah . So we'll say  we'll say uh false . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


D:  Easy to use . 
B:  Very . 
C:  Yes . 
D:  <other> One , is that inappropriate ? Okay . Oh , pardon me . Um 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Trendy . 
D:  trendy , s <other> and I say specifically spongy fruity . 
C:  Oh yes . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Well , maybe only a two or a three then , 'cause it's no we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific  
B:  We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy . I think  yeah . 
A:  Hmm . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah , I don't really think that's gonna work , but  
D:  <other> Okay , so two ? Um 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Excess buttons . No . 
D:  are there excess buttons ? 
B:  No . 
C:  No . 
D:  <other> <laugh> That is false . Um <other> good , well designed buttons , intuitive buttons . 
B:  So that's false . <laugh> 
A:  Better , more intuitive buttons , yes . 
D:  True . Ugly . 
C:  No . <laugh> 
B:  No . 
A:  No . 
D:  People don't respond well to ugly . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


D:  Mm . 
A:  Okay . We're a little over halfway through the meeting and the next big thing is the finance . 
D:  So  
A:  Okay . 
D:  Um okay , how about if I uh pass this back to you and I'll uh figure out the average here . 
A:  Yep . Right . 
D:  Thank you for everyone's help with that . 
A:  Right . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  And as you can see it says the same thing , it had not lost itself , thank Goodness . 
A:  Um and the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed . 
B:  What , we're in . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  We're in . <laugh> That's us . 
B:  More profit . 
C:  Great . 
topic_description:	costing_None


A:  And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet that they provided to me . Um and it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device . 
C:  <other> 
A:  Hand dynamo , battery , kinetic , solar cells . Okay . 
C:  Well , just kinetic then ,  . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  <other> Yeah . 
A:  Um what's a hand dynamo ? 
B:  That was the crank , wind-up crank on the side . <laugh> 
C:  It's the wind-up . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Oh shoot , forget that . Kinetic is um  and how many of those will we need per  we only need one . 
B:  Just one . 
A:  Okay . Electronic simple chip on print , and we'll need one of those . 
B:  Uh uh yeah , I think we can do it all with simple  Just checking that . Yeah , simple , 'cause we've just got push buttons , so we can do it all with simple which is the ch should be the cheapest . 
A:  Okay , and we only need one of those . Okay , the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve . It looks like it  single curve , 'cause of th the chunkiness . It's  that's uh uh one . 
B:  Yep . Yeah , that that one is single curve , isn't it ? Um do we have 
C:  What does double curved mean , I don't understand . 
A:  And that's 
B:  I I think you  it means you reverse the curve . 
A:  uh that's the the one that goes like this . 
C:  Oh no , we don't need that . No . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah , I do I don't think we need that for either of them , you can do a banana in single curve , yeah . 
A:  Right . 
C:  Single-curved , I'd say . 
A:  No , single curve . Okay , case material supplements . Plastic , wood , rubber , titanium , special colour . We had the special colour . 
C:  I 
B:  <other> 
C:  I just wanna say plastic . 
A:  And did we say plastic ? 
B:  Yeah , can we do some what ifs , 'cause it may  I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself , but it depends on the cost , I guess . 
D:  One , two , three , four , five , six . 
A:  Yeah . Okay . We'll come back , if we can , to the rubber being added at the moment , that's where we are . Interface button  push button interface . That's what we're using , isn't it ? 
C:  It's just button . Yeah . 
B:  Yes . Yep . Do we need to say how many buttons , or 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Whoops , don't want that , not yet . Um  
B:  or d is it just one ? 
A:  No , it just says push button interface . Button supplements , they'll be in a special colour of black . 
B:  'Kay . 
A:  And the buttons  Wha what is the buttons made of , rubber ? 
B:  Uh they'll be rubber , yep . 
A:  So we need one of them . And are they any special form ? 
C:  Well yeah , like the compass point one . 
B:  Actually , does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material ? 'Cause I think they can be plastic . 
A:  'Cause the rate we're going we can put the rubber on top . 
B:  Yeah . They could be plastic , we don't have to have rubber buttons , because we haven't got a double curved case . 
A:  Oh . 
C:  Yeah , they could be plastic . 
A:  <other> Okay . Um let's put that rubber in then , of the case material supplement . 
B:  It's just one , isn't it ? 
A:  Uh we only need one of them . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


A:  Okay , I'm going to save this into our <other> desktop , project documents . Okay . As our project document bit . 
B:  Do you do you need to double click on that to open it ? 
A:  Yeah . There we are . 
C:  Yes . 
A:  That's the only Excel document that will be in there , so it's there for all of us . Okay , so , are they under twelve fifty ? Yes , go to the project evaluation , next slide . Right . 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


A:  Um the project process , satisfaction with , for example , the room for creativity . Yeah , leadership , 
D:  Sure . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  teamwork , 
D:  Yes . 
A:  means , of having whiteboard , the digital pens and all that kind of good things . 
D:  <other> 
C:  And Play-Doh . 
A:  Uh-huh . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , yeah , the Play-Doh was best , I thought . <other> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah well , 'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying , well we quite want this , but imagine it rounder . So much better just to go and , you know , this is it , this is what we want . <laugh> 
B:  <other> Yep . 
A:  Okay . <other> So , we went over all those things and we're satisfied with all the above . 
D:  Yep . 
A:  Um did we find any new ideas ? 
D:  I think with the marketing element of uh fruit shaped I I mean I  that really opened my eyes . 
C:  Yeah . <laugh> Spongy . 
D:  I I only speak for myself though . 
C:  And I'd never heard of the kinetic energy before , so . Good work as a design team , because we  
B:  <other> Yeah . <other> Yeah , I think we're a good team actually . I'm not sure all the wires are really great though . 
A:  So we actually worked well as a group . 
B:  I thought so . 
A:  Right . Are the costs within the budget ? Yes . Is the project evaluated ? Yes . 
C:  Oh yes . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  Yes . 
C:  Yes . 
B:  Yes . Oh hang on , we haven't heard . <laugh> 
D:  I can give you a number , um it's uh  the average evaluation score is one point eight eight , so it means w you know , I can I can spell it out . There were six true or ones , four um pardon me , two s almost true or close to true , so that was four points , and then uh one false , seven points , so seventeen divided by nine  we're between one and two . I would say that's ex excellent 
A:  Uh-huh . 
D:  in terms of uh ho how much we adhere to the ideals of the uh market place . 
C:  Yeah . And the the only false one is because we've chosen 
D:  To maintain old technology , exactly . 
C:  to keep a simple old technology , which if it works perfectly well I see no point in improving on if it works , so . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  <other> Absolutely , and it's kept us within budget . 
D:  Yes . 
C:  Yeah . So we do count as I think excellent or one . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
topic_description:	evaluation of project process_None


A:  Alright . And we've therefore  we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary , I have a final report to present , um and then we're done . 
C:   . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  We done good , and we're finished in time . 
C:  Bring on the ice sculptures . 
D:  Nice . 
topic_description:	closing_None


B:  And then we get the product launch party . Product launch party ? <laugh> Absolutely . <laugh> 
D:  So we might have to wait . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  That's what I said , ice sculptures . 
D:  Um I  one thing I want to do is  oh , I think the meeting's done . 
C:  Is that the end of the meeting ? 
A:  I believe that is the end of our meeting . Thank you , Melissa . <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	discussion_None


D:  Um one thing I wa I wanna do is save everything in the right files , because I don't think everything is saved . The right files . Final meeting market 
topic_description:	agenda/equipment issues_None


