E:  I haven't heard that one . 
E:  Oh there we go . 
E:  This looks good . 
E:  Was it a pause , or  ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Was it on " pause " or something ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Don't know . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Can I  can I say about that  that the  the issues that I think Adam and I raised were more a matter of advertising so that you get more native speakers . 
E:  Because I think if you just say  
E:  an And in particular , my suggestion was to advertise to linguistics grad students because there you 'd have so people who 'd have proficiency enough in English that  that uh , it would be useful for  for purposes  You know . 
E:  But you know , I think I 've been  I 've I  I 've gathered data from undergrads at  on campus 
E:  and if you just post randomly to undergrads I think you 'd get such a mixed bag that it would be hard to know how much conversation you 'd have at all . And  and the English you 'd have  The language models would be really hard to build 
E:  because it would not really be  it would be an interlanguage rather than  than a  
E:  OK . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Oh , interesting ! 
E:  Oh , I see . 
E:  Oh , interesting ! 
E:  Oh , oh . I 'm not saying accents . 
E:  u The accent 's not the problem . 
E:  No , it 's more a matter of uh , proficiency , 
E:  e e just simply fluency . 
E:  I mean , I deal with people on  on campus who  I think sometimes people , undergraduates um in computer science uh , have language skills that make , you know  that their  their fluency and writing skills are not so strong . 
E:  Well , e I just think , 
E:  but you know , it 's like when you get into the graduate level , uh , no problem . 
E:  I mean , I 'm not saying accents . 
E:  I 'm say I 'm saying fluency . 
E:  Well , yeah . 
E:  I 'm just saying fluency . 
E:  OK , now can I  can I say the other aspect of this from my perspective 
E:  which is that um , there 's  there 's this  this issue , you have a corpus out there , it should be used for  for multiple things 
E:  cuz it 's so expensive to put together . 
E:  And if people want to approach  
E:  Um , 
E:  i so I know  e e  You know this  
E:  The idea of computational linguistics and probabilistic grammars and all may not be the focus of this group , 
E:  but the idea of language models , which are fund you know generally speaking uh , you know , t t terms of like the amount of benefit per dollar spent or an hour invested in preparing the data , 
E:  if you have a choice between people who are pr more proficient in  <tap> um , i more fluent , more  more close to being academic English , then it would seem to me to be a good thing . 
E:  Because otherwise y you don't have the ability to have  
E:  Uh , so if  if you have a bunch of idiolects that 's the worst possible case . 
E:  If you have people who are using English as a  as an interlanguage because they  they don't  uh , they can't speak in their native languages and  but their interlanguage isn't really a match to any existing , uh , language model , 
E:  this is the worst case scenario . 
E:  And  
E:  Well 
E:  Oh . 
E:  But the thing is , I think that these people are of high enough level in their  in their language proficiency that  
E:  And I 'm not objecting to accents . 
E:  I  I 'm  I 'm just thinking that we have to think at a  at a higher level view , could we have a language model , a  a grammar  a grammar , basically , that um , wo would be a  a possibility . 
E:  So y so if you wanted to bring in a model like Dan Jurafsky 's model , an and do some top - down stuff , it  to help th the bottom - up and merge the things or whatever , uh , it seems like um , I don't see that there 's an argument  
E:  I 'm  I  what I think is that why not have the corpus , since it 's so expensive to put together , uh , useful for the widest range of  of central corp things that people generally use corpora for and which are , you know , used in computational linguistics . 
E:  That 's  that 's my point . Which  which includes both top - down and bottom - up . 
E:  Yes , that 's fine . 
E:  That 's fine . 
E:  Exactly . 
E:  And my point in m in my note to Liz was I think that undergrads are an iff iffy population . 
E:  Grads and professors , fine . 
E:  Age - ist . 
E:  Yeah , that 's true . 
E:  Which one did you mean ? 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I thought the free lunch idea was a great idea . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Alth 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  I hav I have to uh raise a little eensy - weensy concern about doing th giving them the CD immediately , because of these issues of , you know , this kind of stuff ,  where maybe  <inbreath> You know ? 
E:  So . 
E:  We could burn it after it 's been cleared with the transcript stage . 
E:  And then they  they get a CD , but just not the same day . 
E:  There we go . 
E:  Oh , I like that . 
E:  Well put . Well put . 
E:  So , after the transcript screening phase . 
E:  Things have been weeded out . 
E:  Yeah , that 's right , say  " Yeah , well , I got this CD , and , Your Honor , I  " 
E:  Yeah , the archiving m  program does take a long time . 
E:  One thing  The good news about that  that is that once  once it 's archived , it 's pretty quick to get back . 
E:  I mean , it  it  it  The other direction is fast , but this direction is really slow . 
E:  Yeah , OK . 
E:  Yeah , that 's a good point . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Now , what will uh  Is the plan to g  to  So  stuff will be saved , it 's just that you 're relocating it ? 
E:  I mean , so we 're gonna get more disk space ? 
E:  Or did I  ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Oh , good . 
E:  I see . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Wow . 
E:  Wow . 
E:  Wonderful . 
E:  Wow . 
E:  I 'm glad to hear it . Glad to hear it . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Duration . 
E:  Which means that we 'd still  You 'd hear the  
E:  Yeah .  That 's interesting . 
E:  This is like a ground level , with  It 's not it 's not total silence . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Great . Great . 
E:  Excellent . 
E:  Glad to hear it . 
E:  Good . 
E:  I 've gotta ask you . So , uh , the difference between the top two , i 
E:  So  so  I start at the bottom , so " silence " is clear . 
E:  By " speech " do you mean speech by one sp by one person only ? 
E:  So this is un OK , and then and then the top includes people speaking at the same time , or  or a speaker and a breath overlapping , someone else 's breath , or  or clicking , overlapping with speech  So , that  that 's all those possibilities in the top one . 
E:  OK . 
E:  So it 's basi it 's basically speech wi som with  with something overlapping , which could be speech but doesn't need to be . 
E:  Yeah , that 's right . That 's my question . 
E:  Oh ! 
E:  Like a c 
E:  Oh . 
E:  So you don't  i i it 's not in that  
E:  So you 're ignoring overlapping events unless they 're speech with speech . 
E:  OK . 
E:  We 're just 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah cuz you 've talked about other overlapping events in the past . 
E:  So , this is  this is  a subset . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , we just wanted to know what the category was here . 
E:  So it 's like a signal - noise situation . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Well , steady state . 
E:  Well , we needed to get the categories , yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Can I ask ? 
E:  It strikes me that there 's another piece of information um , that might be useful and that 's simply the transition . 
E:  So , w if you go from a transition of silence to overlap versus a transition from silence to speech , there 's gonna be a b a big informative area there , it seems to me . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Clustering . 
E:  OK . 

E:  So p 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  With what ? 
E:  With what ? 
E:  " Mixed " . Thank you . 
E:  So it 's messier . 
E:  The  the PDA is messier . 
E:  That 's good . 
E:  There  there is a complication though , and that is if a person turns their back to the  to the PDA , then some of the positional information goes away ? 
E:  And then , And if they 're on the access   on the axis of it , that was the other thing I was thinking . 
E:  He  You mentioned this last time , that  that if  if you 're straight down the midline , then  then  the r the left - right 's gonna be different , 
E:  and  and  and in his case , I mean , he 's closer to it anyway . 
E:  It seems to me that  that it 's not  a p uh , you know , it 's  this  the topograph the topology of it is  is a little bit complicated . 
E:  Oh yeah ! Oh I agree ! And we use it ourselves . 
E:  I mean , I know  I n I know that 's a very important cue . 
E:  But I 'm just  I 'm just saying that the way we 're seated around a table , is not the same with respect to each  to each person with respect to the PDA , 
E:  so we 're gonna have a lot of differences with ref respect to the speaker . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Yeah . OK , it just  it just seemed to me that  uh , that this isn't the ideal type of separation . 
E:  I mean , I  I think it 's  I can see the value o 
E:  Yeah , OK . 
E:  Oh yeah yeah . OK . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Uh , his a web page . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Well , let me ask you , if  if both people were over there , it would be less effective than if one was there and one was across , catty - corner ? 
E:  No ? 
E:  Next  next one over n over  on this side of the P  PDA . 
E:  There we go . 
E:  Good example , the same one I 'm asking . 
E:  Versus you  versus  you know , and we 're catty - corner across the table , and I 'm farther away from this one and you 're farther away from that one . 
E:  It seems like that would be pretty strong . 
E:  Across  the same axis , you don't have as much to differentiate . 
E:  And so my point was just that it 's  it 's gonna be differentially  differentially varia valuable . 
E:  I mean , it 's not to say  I mean , I certainly think it 's extremely val  And we  we humans  n n depend on  you know , these  these binaural cues . 
E:  But . 
E:  Yes . Yeah . 
E:  OK . 
E:  and i and if there  So it  And if it 's the two of you guys on the same side  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Yeah yeah , OK . Yeah . 
E:  Oh I 'm not  I 'm not trying to argue against using it , by any means . I just wanted to point out that  that weakness , that it 's topo topologically impossible to get it perfect for everybody . 
E:  Great . 
E:  No , I don't mean to discourage that at all . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Interesting . 
E:  Hmm . 
E:  Ah ! 
E:  Well , you could have strips that you stick to your clothing . 
E:  Well , it 's slightly different . So I  I would say it would be a good idea . 
E:  Cuz  it  it 's slightly different . 
E:  It 's slightly different . 
E:  I had to make one  
E:  Well , should I  I mean I have some results to present , but I mean I guess we won't have time to do that this time . 
E:  But it seems like um the anonymization is uh , is also something that we might wanna discuss in greater length . 
E:  If  if we 're about to wind down , I think  what I would prefer is that we uh , delay the anonymization thing till next week , 
E:  and I would like to present the results that I have on the overlaps . 
E:  I 'd  Oh , I 'd prefer to have more time for my results . 
E:  e Could I do that next week maybe ? 
E:  OK , that 's what I 'm asking . 
E:  And I think the anonymization , if y if you want to proceed with that now , I just think that that 's  that 's a discussion which also n really deserves a lo a  you know , more that just a minute . 
E:  I really do think that , 
E:  because you raised a couple of possibilities yourself , 
E:  you and I have discussed it previously , 
E:  and there are different ways that people approach it , e and I think we should  
E:  Well , OK . 
E:  It 's just  
E:  Yeah . OK . I  I 'll give you the short version , 
E:  but I do think it 's an issue that we can't resolve in five minutes . 
E:  OK , so  the  the short thing is um , we have uh , tape recording uh , uh , sorry , digitized recor recordings . 
E:  Those we won't be able to change . 
E:  If someone says " Hey , Roger so - and - so " . 
E:  So that 's gonna stay that person 's name . 
E:  Now , in terms of like the transcript , 
E:  the question becomes what symbol are you gonna put in there for everybody 's name , 
E:  and whether you 're gonna put it in the text where he says " Hey Roger " or are we gonna put that person 's anonymized name in instead ? 
E:  OK , so first decision is , we 're gonna anonymize the same name for the speaker identifier and also in the text whenever the speaker 's name is mentioned . 
E:  I  I don't think you understood what I  what I said . 
E:  So  uh , so in  within the context of an utterance , someone says " So , Roger , what do you think ? " 
E:  OK . 
E:  Then , uh , it seems to me that  Well , maybe I  uh it seems to me that if you change the name , the transcript 's gonna disagree with the audio , and you won't be able to use that . 
E:  OK , well , but then there 's this issue of if we 're gonna use this for a discourse type of thing , then  and , you know , Liz was mentioning stuff in a previous meeting about gaze direction and who 's  who 's the addressee and all , then to have " Roger " be the thing in the utterance and then actually have the speaker identifier who was " Roger " be " Frank " , that 's going to be really confusing and make it pretty much useless for discourse analysis . 
E:  Now , if you want to , you know , I mean , in some cases , I  I  I know that Susan Ervin - Tripp in some of hers , uh , actually did do uh , um , a filter of the s signal where the person 's name was mentioned , except 
E:  And  and I  cer and I  So , I mean , the question then becomes one level back . 
E:  Um , how important is it for a person to be identified by first name versus full name ? 
E:  Well , on the one hand , uh , it 's not a full identity , 
E:  we 're taking all these precautions , um and they 'll be taking precautions , which are probably even the more important ones , to  they 'll be reviewing the transcripts , to see if there 's something they don't like   OK . 
E:  So , maybe , uh , maybe that 's enough protection . 
E:  On the other hand , this is a small  this is a small pool , and people who say things about topic X e who are researchers and well - known in the field , they 'll be identifiable and simply from the  from the first name . 
E:  However , taking one step further back , they 'd be identifiable anyway , even if we changed all the names . 
E:  So , is it really , um   You know ? 
E:  Now , in terms of like  so I  I did some results , which I 'll report on n next time , which do mention individual speakers by name . 
E:  Now , there , the Human Subjects Committee is very precise . 
E:  You don't wanna mention subjects by name in published reports . 
E:  Now , it would be very possible for me to take those data put them in a  in a study , and just change everybody 's name for the purpose of the publication . 
E:  And someone who looked  
E:  Yeah , exactly . 
E:  Doesn't matter if  
E:  That 's the same thing you saw . 
E:  Yeah , and  and in the form that they sign , it does say " your first name may arise in the course of the meetings " . 
E:  Or " your name " . 
E:  Yeah , and  and  you know , even more i i uh , immediate than that just being able to , uh  Well , it just seems like to track  track from one utterance to the next utterance who 's speaking and who 's speaking to whom , cuz that can be important . 
E:  S i You know , " You raised the point , So - and - so " , it 's be kind of nice to be able to know who " you " was . 
E:  And ac  and actually you remember  furthermore , you remember last time we had this discussion of how you know , I was sort of avoiding mentioning people 's names , 
E:  and  and it was  and we made the decision that was kind of artificial . 
E:  Well , I mean , if we 're going to step in after the fact and change people 's names in the transcript , we 've basically done something one step worse . 
E:  Misleading . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Sure . 
E:  Oh , it 's not a problem . Not a problem . Yeah . 
E:  I just  I just couldn't do it in two minutes . 
E:  How do you mean , who  what they 're  who they 're talking about ? 
E:  How do you mean ? 
E:  They won't be able to change it themselves . 
E:  Well , I  I 'm betting we 're gonna have huge chunks that are just totally un untranscribable by them . 
E:  Oh . <inbreath> I think that  My understanding from Yen 
E:  Is it Yen - Ching ? 
E:  Is that how you pronounce her name ? 
E:  Oh , uh Yu - Ching ? 
E:  Yu - Ching ? 
E:  was that um , they will  that they will adopt the  part of the conventions that  that we discussed , where they put speaker identifier down . 
E:  But , you know , h they won't know these people , 
E:  so I think it 's  Well , they 'll  they 'll adopt some convention 
E:  but we haven't specified to them  
E:  So they 'll do something like speaker - one , speaker - two , is what 
E:  I bet , but I 'm betting there 'll be huge variations in the accuracy of  of their labeling the speakers . 
E:  We 'll have to review the transcripts in any case . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  You know  
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  You know , that would be a very practical solution on their part . 
E:  And  and  but then we would need to label it . 
E:  And that 's OK . 
E:  Yes , I was thinking , the temp the time values of when it changes . 
E:  That 'd be very efficient . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Unless we adopt a different set of norms which is to not id to make a point of not identifying people by name , which then leads you to be more contextually ex explicit . 
E:  Well , people are very flexible . You know ? I mean , so when we did this las last week , I felt that you know , now , Andreas may , uh , @ @  uh , he  he  i sometimes people think of something else at the same time and they miss a sentence or something , and  and because he missed something , then he missed the r the initial introduction of who we were talking about , and was  was unable to do the tracking . 
E:  But I felt like most of us were doing the tracking and knew who we were talking about and we just weren't mentioning the name . 
E:  So , people are really flexible . 
E:  Yeah ? 
E:  Well , it 
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  That 's  that 's the issue . 
E:  Well . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Now , I  I think that we have these two phases in the  in the data , which is the one which is o our use , University of Washington 's use , IBM , SRI . 
E:  And within that , it may be that it 's sufficient to not uh change the  to not incorporate anonymization yet , but always , always in the publications we have to . 
E:  And I think also , when we take it that next step and distribute it to the world , we have to . 
E:  But I  but I don that 's  that 's a long way from now and  and it 's a matter of  between now and then of d of deciding how  
E:  i i it  You know , it may be s that we we 'll need to do something like actually X out that part of the um  the audio , and just put in brackets " speaker - one " . 
E:  You know . 
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  I think that 's risky . I think that the public should be the same . 
E:  I think that when we do that world release , it should be the same . 
E:  For a bunch of reasons , legal . 
E:  But I also think a consistent licensing policy is important . 
E:  Excuse me . We  we do need audio for discourse . 
E:  Yeah . But I   I also wanna say that people  
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  Yeah . That 's good . 
E:  Well , you see ? So , it 's complicated . 
E:  Mm - hmm . Yeah . 
E:  I think we have to think about w @ @  how . I think that this can't be decided today . 
E:  But it 's g but I think it was good to introduce the thing and we can do it next time . 
E:  Well it  Discourse , you know  Also I wanted to make the point that  that discourse is gonna be more than just looking at a transcript . 
E:  It 's gonna be looking at a t You know , and prosod prosodic stuff is involved , 
E:  and that means you 're going to be listening to the audio , 
E:  and then you come directly into this  confronting this problem . 
E:  So . 
E:  Yeah , we should just market it to non - English speaking countries . 
E:  We could have little labels . 
E:  I  I  I wanna introduce my Reservoir Dogs solution again , which is everyone has like " Mister White " , " Mister Pink " , <laugh> " Mister Blue " . 
E:  Oh , do we do digits ? Or  ? 
E:  What do we do ? 
E:  Or do we just quit ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Well , you know , in the  in the one I transcribed , I did find a couple instances   I found one instance of contrastive stress , where it was like the string had a  li So it was like " nine eight two four , nine nine two four " . 
E:  And  
E:  Well , they differed . 
E:  I mean , at that  that session I did feel like they did it more as sentences . 
E:  But , um , sometimes people do it as phone numbers .  I mean , I 've  I  am sort of interested in  in  And sometimes , you know , I s And I  I never know . When I do it , I  I ask myself what I 'm doing each time . 
E:  and I  
E:  I like your question intonation . 
E:  That 's very funny . 
E:  I haven't heard that one . 
