A:  They may as well throw in some interesting intonations . 
A:  That is weird . 
A:  It 's like when it 's been sitting for a long time or something . 
A:  Next time you get it maybe we should write it down . 
A:  Well , great . 
A:  Great . 
A:  What a deal . 
A:  No crunchy food . 
A:  " Beep . " 
A:  Oh , that 's a good idea . 
A:  What if you could tell them that you 'll give them the  the transcripts when they come back ? 
A:  See you . 
A:  Where did you copy it to ? 
A:  Oh , on the tape . 
A:  Ah ! 
A:  Wow ! 
A:  Generating a clone ? 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  Hunh ! 
A:  Is there a difference in price or something ? 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . I 've been looking at the , uh , Aurora data and , um , first  first look at it , there were basically three directories on there that could be moved . 
A:  One was called Aurora , one was Spanish , which was Carmen 's Spanish stuff , and the other one was , um , SPINE . 
A:  And so , um , I wrote to Dan and he was very concerned that the SPINE stuff was moving to a non - backed - up disk . 
A:  So , um , I realized that well , probably not all of that should be moved , just  the  CD - ROM type data , the   the static data . 
A:  So I moved that , and then um , I asked him to check out and see if it was OK . 
A:  before I actually deleted the old stuff , um , but I haven't heard back yet . 
A:  I told him he could delete it if he wanted to , I haven't checked  today to see if he 's deleted it or not . 
A:  And then Carmen 's stuff , I realized that when I had copied all of her stuff to XA , I had copied stuff there that was dynamic data . 
A:  And so , I had to redo that one and just copy over the static data . 
A:  And so I need to get with her now and delete the old stuff off the disk . 
A:  And then I lo haven't done any of the Aurora stuff . 
A:  I have to meet with , uh , Stephane to do that . 
A:  So . 
A:  Is that the one that has  is that DC ? 
A:  OK , 
A:  I  but the stuff I 'm moving from Aurora is on the DC disk that we  
A:  OK , DC . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So should , um  One question I had for you was , um , we need   we sh probably should move the Aurora an and all that other stuff off of the Meeting Recorder disk . 
A:  Is there another backed - up  disk that you know of that would  ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Do you know what  happen to know what disk that is off  ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Alright , I 'll find out from you . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Wow ! 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  These will be assigned by hand ? 
A:  Based on the  
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  You need truth . Hmm . 
A:  So you 're not using all of the data . 
A:  Is  is  
A:  Is your silence category pure silence , or  ? 
A:  What if there was a door - slam or something ? 
A:  Pure silence . 
A:  OK . 
A:  You have your own ? 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  What 's it written in ? 
A:  Ah . 
A:  I 've got a question . 
A:  Yeah , I  maybe this is a dumb question , 
A:  but w I thought it would be  <laugh> I thought it would be easier if you used a PDA 
A:  because can't you , couldn't you like use beam - forming or something to detect speaker overlaps ? 
A:  I mean  
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  Is that not allowed with this project ? 
A:  But I didn't mean  I w  Given  given the goal . 
A:  I mean , is  is that violation of the  
A:  Mm - hmm 
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  OK . 
A:  I see . 
A:  OK . 
A:  No , it 's not  it 's not that so much as  
A:  Well , it 's 
A:  I don't  I don't know ho 
A:  I would guess  
A:  But th I don't think that matters , though . 
A:  Right . 
A:  So it 's sort of like how  how confused is it about where the beam is . 
A:  What looked different ? 
A:  Did - Sorry , b uh I 'm not sure what Dan 's page is that you mean . He was looking at the two  
A:  OK . 
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  OK . OK . 
A:  So  so if there 's two  
A:  If I was  if I was here and Morgan was there and we were both talking , it wouldn't work . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  Once you got two  
A:  Well what about just doing it from these mikes ? 
A:  You know ? 
A:  That 's what I was asking about , what are the constraints ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Didn't they have something at Cape ? 
A:  Oh ! I saw a demo . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  And you could  In a noisy room , they could have all kinds of noises and you can zoom right in on somebody . 
A:  That is cool . 
A:  No , what you need to do is you 'd have a little fabric thing that you unroll and hang on a wall . 
A:  It has all these mikes and it has a plug - in jack to the PDA . 
A:  Ooo ! 
A:  Network ! 
A:  I still like my rug on the wall idea , so if anybody patents that , then  
A:  Yeah ! 
A:  Hats ? 
A:  Shirts . 
A:  Are they new ? 
A:  Oh . 
A:  We still have to do this , too , right ? 
A:  Digits ? 
A:  I don't  
A:  Right , you don't wanna do that . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well  
A:  " The person who 's doing the transcript  "  The IBM people ? 
A:  They 're just gonna write " Bob " on it or do @ @  
A:  They can't do that . 
A:  That would be hard . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  But , you know , like , at the beginning of this meeting  Or , you I think said ,  you know , or s Liz , said something about um , uh , " is Mari gonna use the equipment ? " 
A:  I mean , how would you say that ? 
A:  I mean , you have to really think , you know , about what you 're saying bef 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
A:  I think it would be really hard if we made a policy where we didn't say names , plus we 'd have to tell everybody else . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I  I think the  I think  I don't know , my own two cents worth is that you don't do anything about what 's in the recordings , you only anonymize to the extent you can , the speakers have signed the forms and all . 
A:  Why ? 
A:  I thought we were gonna get it labelled speaker - one , speaker - two  
A:  Why do you have to know his name ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Oh , I see , you wanna associated the word " Jose " in the dialogue with the fact that then he responded . 
A:  Well , one thing to to take into consideration is w are there any um  For example , the people who are funding this work , they want this work to get out and be useful for discourse . 
A:  If we all of a sudden do this and then release it to the public and it 's not longer useful for discourse , 
A:  you know  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  But if you release both  
A:  But if both of those are publically available  
A:  Maybe we should just not allow anybody to do research on discourse , 
A:  and then , we wouldn't have to worry about it . 
A:  Mister White . 
A:  But  so , the syllables were in the same order , with respect to each other , but the acous 
A:  What did it sound like ? 
A:  I think it would be fun sometime to read them with different intonations . 
A:  like as if you were talking like , " nine eight six eight seven ? " 
A:  Oh , really . 
A:  So they were like looking ahead , 
A:  huh ? 
A:  Yeah , yeah . 
A:  Well , I was thinking that it must get kind of boring for the people who are gonna have to transcribe this 
A:  They may as well throw in some interesting intonations . 
