F:  I will be here full - time next week . 
F:  That 's looks strange . 
F:  Uh , well , OK , I 'll back up . 
F:  Um , at the previous  at last week 's meeting , this meeting I was griping <laugh> about wanting to get more data 
F:  and I  I talked about this with Jane and Adam , 
F:  um , and was thinking of this mostly just so that we could do research on this data um , since we 'll have a new  this new student di does wanna work with us , 
F:  th the guy that was at the last meeting . 
F:  And he 's already funded part - time , 
F:  so we 'll only be paying him for sort of for half of the normal part - time , 
F:  uh  Yeah . 
F:  So 
F:  he 's  comes from a signal - processing background , 
F:  but I liked him a lot 
F:  cuz he 's very interested in higher level things , like language , and disfluencies and all kinds of eb maybe prosody , 
F:  so he 's just getting his feet wet in that . 
F:  Anyway , I thought OK , maybe we should have enough data so that if he starts  he 'd be starting in January , next semester that we 'd have , you know , enough data to work with . 
F:  But , um , Jane and Adam brought up a lot of good points that just posting a note to Berkeley people to have them come down here has some problems in that you m you need to make sure that the speakers are who you want and that the meeting type is what you want , and so forth . 
F:  So , I thought about that and I think it 's still possible , 
F:  um , but I 'd rather try to get more regular meetings of types that we know about , and hear , then sort of a mish - mosh of a bunch of one  one - time  
F:  Yeah , just because it would be very hard to process the data in all senses , 
F:  both to get the , um  to figure out what type of meeting it is and to do any kind of higher level work on it , like well , I was talking to Morgan about 
F:  things like summarization , or what 's this meeting about . 
F:  I mean it 's very different if you have a group that 's just giving a report on what they did that week , versus coming to a decision and so forth . 
F:  So . Then I was um , talking to Morgan about some  new proposed work in this area , sort of a separate issue from what the student would be working on where I was thinking of doing some kind of summarization of meetings or trying to find cues in both the utterances and in the utterance patterns , 
F:  like in numbers of overlaps and amount of speech , 
F:  sort of raw cues from the interaction that can be measured from the signals and from the diff different microphones that point to sort of hot spots in the meeting , or things where stuff is going on that might be important for someone who didn't attend to  listen to . 
F:  And in that uh , regard , I thought we definitely w will need  it 'd b it 'd be nice for us to have a bunch of data from a few different domains , or a few different kinds of meetings . 
F:  So this  this meeting is one of them , 
F:  although I 'm not sure I can participate if I  
F:  You know , I would feel very strange being part of a meeting that you were then analysing later for things like summarization . 
F:  Um , and then there are some others that menti that Morgan mentioned , 
F:  like the front - end meeting  and maybe a networking  group meeting . 
F:  So  So if that were the case then I think we 'd have enough . 
F:  But basically , for anything where you 're trying to get a summarization of some kind of meeting    meaning out of the meeting , um , it would be too hard to have fifty different kinds of meetings where we didn't really have a good grasp on what does it mean to summarize , 
F:  but  rather we should have different meetings by the same group but hopefully that have different summaries . 
F:  And then we need a couple that  of   We don't wanna just have one group 
F:  because that might be specific to that particular group , but @ @ three or four different kinds . 
F:  See , I 've never listened to the data for the front - end  meeting . 
F:  OK . 
F:  But maybe that 's enough . 
F:  So , in general , I was thinking more data 
F:  but also data where we hold some parameters constant or fairly similar , 
F:  like a meeting about of people doing a certain kind of work where at least half the participants each time are the same . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah , I definitely agree with that . 
F:  Definitely . 
F:  It has to be a  a pre - existing meeting ,  like a meeting that would otherwise happen anyway . 
F:  That 's I think what we  and I agree with . 
F:  I definitely agree with that , I mean , for this purpose . 
F:  Right , Yeah . 
F:  I have a  uh , um , question . 
F:  Well , Morgan , you were mentioning that Mari may not use the k equipment from IBM if they found something else , cuz there 's a  
F:  Cuz I mean , one remote possibility is that if we st if we inherited that equipment , if she weren't using it , could we set up a room in the linguistics department ? 
F:  And  and I mean , there  there may be a lot more  or  or in psych , or in comp wherever , in another building where we could um , record people there . 
F:  I think we 'd have a better chance 
F:  Right , 
F:  but  
F:  Right . 
F:  But if there were such a  
F:  I mean it 's a remote possibility , then um , you know , one of us could you know , go up there and record the meeting or something rather than bring all of them down here . 
F:  So it 's just a just a thought if they end up not using the  the hardware . 
F:  But you may not need a separate room , you know , 
F:  the idea is , if they have a meeting room and they can guarantee that the equipment will be safe and so forth , and if one of us is up there once a week to record the meeting or something  
F:  Huh . 
F:  I  I think it 's not out of the question . 
F:  Um . 
F:  So . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right , 
F:  I mean , I c I think there 's  
F:  Yea - yeah yeah , you actually don't really even need any fancy microphone . 
F:  You can use found data . 
F:  You  you can . 
F:  You can 
F:  use  Um , but I think that any  data that we spend a lot of effort <click> to collect , 
F:  you know , each person who 's interested in  I mean , we have a cou we have a bunch of different , um , slants and perspectives on what it 's useful for , um , they need to be taking charge of making sure they 're getting enough of the kind of data that they want . 
F:  And  So in my case , um , I think there w there is enough data for some kinds of projects and not enough for others . 
F:  And so <click> I 'm looking and thinking , " Well I 'd be glad to walk over and record people and so <click> forth if it 's  to help th in my interest . " 
F:  And other people need to do that for themselves , uh , h or at least discuss it so that we can find some optimal  
F:  Right . 
F:  Well , I agree with <click> Jane , though , on the other hand that  
F:  So that might be true , you may say for instance , summarization , or something that sounds very language oriented . 
F:  You may say well , " Oh yeah , you just do that from transcripts of a radio show . " 
F:  I mean , you don't even need the speech signal . 
F:  But what you  what I was thinking is long term what would be neat is to be able to pick up on um  
F:  Suppose you just had a distant microphone there and you really wanted to be able to determine this . 
F:  There 's lots of cues you 're not gonna have . 
F:  So I  do think that long term you should always try to satisfy the greatest number of  of interests and have this parallel information , which is really what makes this corpus powerful . 
F:  Otherwise , you know , lots of other sites can propose  individual studies , so  
F:  OK . 
F:  So then maybe we should <mike noise>  try to bring people here . 
F:  I mean , that 's that 's  
F:  OK , so 
F:  OK . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah , I  And I think we can get people to come here , that  
F:  But the issue is you definitely wanna make sure that the kind of group you 're getting is the right group 
F:  so that you don't waste a lot of your time <mike noise> and the overhead in bringing people down . 
F:  So   Well , it would be  lunch afterwards . 
F:  Right . 
F:  And they 'd have to do their digits or they don't get dessert . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Oh , definitely , yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I 'd love to get people that are not linguists or engineers , cuz these are both weird  
F:  well , I know , I shouldn't say that . 
F:  We need a wider sampling . 
F:  Well , I thought that was  I thought he meant , " Give them a music CD , " like they g <laugh> Then he said a CD of the  of their speech 
F:  and I guess it depends of what kind of audience you 're talking to , 
F:  but  <inbreath> You know , I personally <mike noise> would not want a <mike noise> CD  of my meeting , 
F:  but <inbreath> maybe  yeah ,  maybe you 're 
F:  right .  Right . Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  No , I think that 's a great idea , actually . 
F:  But we might need a little more to incentivize them ,  that 's all . 
F:  Well , that 's interesting . 
F:  Oh , right . 
F:  If  It should be the same CD - ROM that we distribute publically , 
F:  right ? 
F:  Otherwise they 're not allowed to play it for anyone . 
F:  Otherwise we 'd need two lawyer stages . 
F:  That 's a good point . 
F:  Sorry to have to  <mike spike> Sorry I have to  leave . 
F:  I will be here full - time next week . 
