A:  <laugh> I just forgot their name , so uh you're i sorry , I just forgot them all . So  <laugh> I have to write it down . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . 
A:  So  
D:  Fine . 
A:  Do you know them or  
D:  The names ? 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  For for for my sur um Jens . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah , no , but your b your surname . 
D:  Uh Damman . D_ A_ W_ . 
A:  W_O_ da . Okay . 
D:  Uh uh M_ M_ . I mean M_ . Double M_ . 
A:  Okay . And what's your name ? 
B:  Paul Wiezer . Paul Wiezer . 
A:  W_I_E_S_ z Z_ or S_ ? Uh uh zee  . Okay . What's your name ? 
B:  A_ E_ Z_ zee zee E_ R_ . 
C:  Uh Martijn . 
A:  Yeah , but your surname . <laugh> 
C:  What ? 
A:  Your surname . 
C:  Uh Abbing . A_ B_ B_ I_ N_ G_ . 
A:  Okay , thanks . 
B:  Uh . 
topic_description:	other_particpant names


C:  I was a little short on time , but  
A:  Yeah , me too , so that's not  No no no , I just fi first my  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , same here . 
D:  Oh . <laugh> Sorry . 
B:  Uh let's see . Which one was mine ? 
A:  So let's have a look , we have forty minutes , so it's it's more than enough .  Okay , perfect . So we have  Oh no , what's that ? So so we have uh forty minutes for this uh for this second meeting , and we have to make uh sure that we going t that we are sure , that we are , 
B:  Good . 
A:  that we know what we're going to make uh th what the product is going to like  look like . Uh first I have the notes of the last meeting , so I showed uh show them to you . Oh , sorry about that , I just escape this one . How do I escape this ? 
C:  What ? 
A:  How do I I escape this s uh presentation ? 
B:  Uh left . So  
C:  Uh  
A:  Ah okay . And show , sorry . Okay , so let's have a look s at this one . 
C:  Just  Yeah . 
A:  Okay , so the f the f the points we had last meeting was the um  Should be a univ uh universal remote control  
topic_description:	opening_None


A:  No , that's  I uh s I just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a T_V_ remote control only . So have you changed that part ? Um so  yeah , it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly . It's it's still the same . Um  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Okay . <laugh> 
A:  All these points uh we have to look at . You all know them . But uh there's another point . The um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people . So they're old and not younger people . So we have to look at that as well . 'Specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons or something , I dunno . 
B:  Yeah , okay . 
A:  Uh so  
topic_description:	new requirements_None


A:  So  yeah , that's it , so just you can do your presentation for uh  
B:  Which one first ? 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Oh it doesn't matter , just start with the  
B:  Okay . 
D:  Mm . Uh  
B:  Functional requirements , yeah . 
D:  Okay . Well my name is Jens Damman , but we're in a group , and I I will start it . Wait . Um I've used a marketing report on uh the site . Uh I think you've uh read it too . Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site . 
A:  I I didn't read i read it , so it's not for me , I didn't get it uh anyway . It's only for you . 
D:  You didn't read it ? 
B:  No , I didn don't thing we got it . Yes . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Oh okay , I I was the only one who get it . 
D:  Okay , this was uh my presentation . 
A:  Thanks . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  I don't  Yeah . You can ask some questions or something . 
topic_description:	marketing expert presentation_None


D:  Okay it was uh uh uh um um <other> a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users . And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof . So I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings . So we can use this uh to uh create our own remote control . Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly . Yeah , I think uh uh that's a lot , so we have to make a beautiful remote control . Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy . I think this fits uh at the <other> uh what what uh Michael said about uh older people . Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good . Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at . Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot . Well okay , that's uh normal . I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons . But that's one of our requirements . 
A:  The last point is quite an interesting  <laugh> 
D:  Yes , fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . Um Martijn alr already said it . And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one , but  
A:  So if we  Yeah . 
D:  I don't think it's uh 
A:  Yeah , we should have the ten percent on the on the top , then you're you're  
D:  reachable . Yeah , the ten percent on the top , yeah . That that's a good one . Um uh page two . Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system , so when you <claps twice> clap your hands it will beep or something . Uh you must find it uh quickly . 
B:  Uh . Maybe just a button on the home station . So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station . 
D:  Okay , yeah . Yeah , we can uh combine that . Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control . Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this . It's only uh th thirty four of the <other> thirty four percent . But it's uh a tough one . Because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we we c uh this is so difficult , uh a difficulty I think . Uh next , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . Yeah , but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something . I don't  We we haven't  Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point . Okay , last page . Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets , like uh speech recognition . We didn't uh think about that already . And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control . We already thought about that . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features . And but they're more critical . And older people uh want to spend uh more money . <other> But uh they uh they don't want to uh have a lot of uh new features , because they're in their old uh thinking way . And they want to keep the old uh things the old things .  
A:  So we have uh a new uh age of forty plus . 
D:  But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients ? 
A:  People . So yeah , so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control , because  
D:  I I think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros . Um then  
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . It's too  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
topic_description:	user requirements_None


D:  I have my personal uh preference . Okay , that's <laugh> not very good , because I thought about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ . I had a question about . But it's already out of the question , this . Um my point is , well , I <other>  If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros . But it's the exercise . 
A:  Because it's too expensive . Yeah , probably . 
D:  Yeah , only only for television uh  On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything . And we only make it for television , so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special . 
B:  Yeah , but good usability , so you can use it . 
D:  Okay , I told about the home station . Uh it must be simple , because uh our the the elderly people uh needs to use it . And I I found a motto . And we put the fashion in electronics . And that's uh the motto we are uh referenced to uh for our uh our style . We we have to make a <other> a new product . We have to be um  Yeah . One of a kind , I think . 
A:  So it has to look uh uh uh unique , but  
B:  Unique . 
D:  <other> The company is about our uh th th their own fashion , their own style . 
B:  Yeah , I reckon  
A:  Yeah . But old people are not looking for that . 
B:  Uh I think mm  
A:  Not really . 
C:  Yeah . I think the main thing is the usability , that's where we can uh make it a special product . Yeah . 
B:  Uh  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , to k to keep it simple when you  Sorry I thought about it , yes . 
A:  Okay . Yeah . 
B:  But uh we also have to stand out , 'cause there are already , like you said , so many controls out that support lot of stuff . But we have to make sure that we're better usability , and stand out by just looks of it . So make it just a different colour or different shape , so  
A:  Yeah . Okay . 
topic_description:	other_marketing strategy


A:  So Paul , you can do the next one if you want . 
B:  Okay . Yeah well  Uh . 
A:  It's on the on the uh net net uh thing , isn't it ? 
B:  There it is . Okay . Technical functions design . 
A:  Okay ,  we hurry up a bit , because otherwise we won't make it . Is it fin Are you finished ? Okay . 
B:  Okay , sorry . Well uh  Yeah , I I'm finished . I think we discussed everything . 
topic_description:	interface specialist presentation_None


B:  Okay , well , so we have s mm uh broad audience . Isn't  that isn't true anymore . But um we have elderly people , so we need to keep it simple . Uh the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen uh standard . So standardised uh methods like uh on all uh remote controls . Not too full , like uh Jens already said , only ten percent is being used . 
A:  So what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or  
B:  Yeah , I have it on the next page . But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff . Um so the options that we put on there should be easy to use , and 'cause you have more room then , and for elderly people big buttons . Uh an icon on it or text on it , so it's very clear what that buttons does . So it doesn't take much time to figure out uh how to use it . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet or just ask some random people , elderly people what they use , what they want on a remote control 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  to find out . But there is already in a one done . Of functions I could think of . Uh volume , channels , the the basic according to  . Just one two three etcetera . Uh text service options . Um basic on-off . And I found an uh  Could I think of favourites ? I always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number . But if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button and you get on your  
A:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah , but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel . So you might as well remember the number . Or not ? 
B:  No y 
A:  Maybe i maybe it's too complicated , but not sure  . It's a good idea , but  
B:  Well it's  It was just a thought . So I'm , I u  I would find it handy , I think , when you just press one button and you get on six six six . 
C:  Yeah , okay . But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button ? 
B:  Well uh what I was reading on the page . Uh a remote control just sends commands , basics commands to uh the television . So switch to channel six . So uh button six says says six . And if you make favourites , it can say six six six in a row . Just numbers . That can be in the in the  
A:  Uh   
C:  Yeah ? Yeah okay . But uh uh for a user to to remember , if I press that button it goes to that channel . 
B:  Well if you said a favourite  
C:  Yeah , but isn't it hard to remember ? Like favourite one and  
A:  Uh mayb for me it's  If I use my telephone , I never use those buttons to to to call sh Never . 
B:  Well i 
C:  Mm as as hard as  
B:  Never ? Oh . 
C:  No , neither do I . 
B:  Oh are you ? 
A:  So  And  
B:  Okay now , m maybe not . 
A:  If I don't do it , maybe old people  <laugh> 
B:  No , maybe elderly people uh . Right . They don't like new features . So maybe not . 
C:  Yeah , I dunno . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um well play , pause . I dunno if that's usable when  
A:  It's not , it's still not  It's not anymore n uh  
B:  Not anymore for T_V_ . Right , on off . <other> I dunno , miss  Did I miss any other buttons , basic buttons ? 
A:   
D:  Um  
B:  I couldn't think of any other , 'specially not for T_V_ . 
A:  Just on the front as well . No , that's the only th the only thing you need . 
B:  Is  
C:  Uh uh the p uh next and previous . Previous I know , but next channel ? I don't thi 
B:  Just the channel um uh  What I mean is uh  
D:  Forward . 
C:  Li like a web browser , so  Oh , okay . But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before . 
B:  Six seven eight or five . 
A:  Just very simple . 
C:  Like a web browser back button . 
B:  Um I dunno . I don't have  Uh I did  
A:  Uh  Yeah , I know what it is , but I think it's all too difficult for old people . <laugh> 
D:  No . Uh  
B:  Yeah , I don't think you use that . Y only when you want to go to  
C:  Yeah , okay . 
B:  Yeah , just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time . 
A:  And how do you want to uh do it , like if you have a channel above ten ? Normally you can press one , zero or  
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons . So you have that uh  
A:  A ten plus or  
B:  Yeah , the ten plus button . Just uh one one pressing , or quickly after each other . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  To just keep it simple and standard uh features . 
C:  Yeah , w wouldn't it be a problem to uh  Because you h have to be fast enough . Maybe the elderly people  
B:  Uh yeah mayb But I think that's in the T_V_ as well . That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it . But you can have a button that says um 
D:  It gets some seconds . 
B:  two two st two stripes . So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons . 
D:  Yeah , it's it's no it's not a  
C:  Oh okay . Yeah . Yeah , but that's th mm  
D:  It's what Paul says . It's not a remote control uh uh that um uh makes the T_V_ um do one two . It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . So we have a a period of , I dunno , five seconds to press those buttons , and that  And not for elderly people to look , one two uh press and aim and  
C:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . 
A:  But do we still need a two level remote control ? Because if we only have that l only f No . 
D:  It's only for television now . 
B:  So I I don't think so . Uh I just thought of another one . Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu . So you also need a menu button . And then uh navigation uh  
D:  No . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next , so you have 
C:  Yeah . I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things , and uh the menu button . Because you n almost never use menu button . So  
B:  four arrows . Yeah , okay , but um  
A:  Maybe it's still still a good idea , I'm not sure . You'll also have to use a mute button to to  
B:  Yeah , a mute button . Yes . Don't think so . 
A:  Maybe , not  I don't know where where you have to put it . 
D:  <other> 
B:  Yeah well , that's that's  I think that's the layers that produce . Now I have to figure out what's uh what to put on . What we're gonna use . And later we can d uh do the design . 
A:  Okay . Yeah . Yeah . That's right . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Okay , uh now my personal preferences . Uh using the standards , basic  Um I think that we should stand out uh unique , being unique with the design . So we have to , I dunno , uh make a different shape than usual . So when you are in the shop and you see our T_V_ controller hanging , that it stands out . Not just in in the row when you see all the same uh remote controls . 
A:  Yeah . Does it have to be  Uh it has to be uh with different colours or  
B:  Um  I dunno . Different colours um  
D:  Maybe we can give it out in different colours . You can choose blue or yellow or  
A:  It's like a iMac or something . <laugh> Just to make it  <laugh> 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Well why not ? Or  Yeah . 
D:  That's fa That's fancy . That's uh fashion . 
A:  But it looks cheap as well , because it's a small thing . It's only twenty five Euros . It looks very cheap if you make it  
B:  Well , maybe you can look at uh mobile phones . Oh . 
A:  Oh , you just  I dunno what happened . 
D:   
B:  Who ? 
A:  Yeah , we have to look at mobile phones , that's right . Just  
B:  They they're uh designed very well . And well basically are the same , just a bit smaller . You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small , 'cause then you will always lo always lose it . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  But uh well , I think that's a good example . 
D:  Okay . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Okay . Well , the working design . The method I used is uh search the web . Just the web page provided . 
A:  Yeah , I just want to talk some  about some more . So maybe you have to  Yeah ? Okay . 
C:  Yeah ? Okay . 
topic_description:	industrial designer presentation_None


C:  Um  Basically I'm I'm not very technical uh uh educated , but uh I could figure it out . Um basically what happens is you press a button , uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , uh like a switch . And by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed . So like you press a one , that circuit is closed and uh  Then the chip produces a pattern . Like a Morse code to uh  And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_ . That's the uh light emitting diode , I think . Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light . That's un uh invisible to the human eye . And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_ . However it has also an uh a visible uh diode that's uh blinking red if you look in it . And that's uh another diode , I believe . Because infrared is not visible . So that's er uh do two different things but  
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  So we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it ? 
C:  Yeah . I I think so . <other> I I'm not sure if it's the same thing . 
B:  Uh j Is  Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting ? 
A:  Yeah , it's  I think it's usable . 
D:  Yeah , that's active . 
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


A:  Yeah . Or just a green one , because it's  If you use it , it's green or the red , it's r green . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  So  Yeah . Maybe uh  
D:  I I think it's in the case that it's active . It's not uh  
C:  Yeah , when you press it . So  
A:  Yeah , that's right . But if you  
D:  I it's it's just uh the the  
C:  Two ? 
A:  Red's l shows up like something's wrong , and green is like it's okay , you press the button . 
D:  Mm . 
C:  Yeah , I dunno . Ma on on most on most uh uh remote controls it's red . So  
B:  Maybe depends on uh  
A:  Yeah , I know . Okay , we make it red . 
B:  Yes . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  So I know . 
B:  But maybe  Well we don't have to make it red . Maybe integrate it in the design as well . 
A:  You have to  The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons . Uh that's cool . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> I I think uh the batteries will be uh <laugh> a little  Yeah , okay . Uh maybe . 
B:  Uh <laugh>  Oh , maybe it's it is would an e No . Just uh  
D:  <laugh> Empty . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  No , we have a recharger in it , so  
B:  Oh . 
A:  If we can still make that then  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah , but it doesn't have to be red . It's just to indicate something's on . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . That it's working . That it's not not the batteries are low . 
B:  Yeah . It's it's not very important , so yeah . 
A:  But it's cool if it was green . Green or red or whatever , it is cool . <laugh> 
C:  Yeah , I know . Just to indicate it's working . 
B:  So mm  
C:  And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern . So we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . So that it can be used with all the T_V_s . We have to really understand what patterns are used , so we can uh o On the  Otherwise it won't work . 
B:  So we have to uh make buttons for that as well , to make it uh  
C:  No . I I uh  The chip um uh is producing the pattern . So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to  Yeah . That are working . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  An automatically search function for each television , or something . 
C:  Yeah , or  I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works . It wasn't explained there . 
B:  Well , I I use a universal uh remote control , and  list of all the T_V_s you have , etcetera . And you have to put in a number , so it works on your T_V_ . 
D:  Uh I kno 
C:  Yeah ? Okay . 
D:  Oh , I have a modern one . And the modern one you you uh you type uh search , and the LED began to blink blink blink . And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . And then you know , oh it it's the right one . And you can stop it , and then it's okay . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Ah okay . 
D:  So you don't have to search for your television or your code . It uh search uh the pattern for itself . 
C:  Okay . Okay , yeah . So it uh  We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one . Because you have to  Yeah . 
B:  Okay , so we use that . 
D:  Yes . 
B:  Yep . 
A:  I just say  Can you s just say it again , because I was just looking  There's just a short  
C:  Uh okay . Well uh y you have this chip . That's uh when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern . But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different . 
A:  Yeah . Mm-hmm . 
C:  So like when you press a one on one T_V_ it go go to one . And on the other T_V_ it won't work , basically . So uh basically what you have to do is uh get these patterns right . And uh by d uh that can be done by uh just uh cha yeah , changing this pattern all the time . And um  
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Changing the signal . 
C:  What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern , this chip , uh is trying to switch off the television . And when it's uh switched off , you can push a button as uh it's working now , so  And then he saves that setting and then um it's working . 
A:  Okay . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , that's the right uh option . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


C:  Okay . Well uh the components . Yeah , that's a bit technical , and I hadn't  I w I was a little short on time . 
D:  <whistling> 
C:  Um but I think I understand it . Um the energy source is uh the battery , basically . Um that's connecting to all the components . 
A:  Yeah . <cough> 
C:  Because it has to be fed with energy . Okay . Uh the subcomponent is uh w I I think it is uh the button pressed . So basically when you press a button , a switch get closed . Um that's connecting to a chip . So the chip knows what button you pressed . And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb . I didn didn't put the description by this one . Th this is a normal bulb . So the normal flashing light . 
A:  Okay . So that's the LED , L_E_D_ . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah , and this is a LED too . But this one is producing infrared light that's invisible . And this one is producing normal light . 
D:   
A:  Yeah , okay . So we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one . 
C:  Yeah  
A:  To flash up your  <laugh> 
D:  Uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . But one you can't see and one indicates that you use a button . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , presu Yeah yeah yeah . Because uh when you button press a button and it doesn't work , it can  Basically if the battery is low , it won't work . So you have to indicate that it's  
D:  Yeah . Yeah , and  
topic_description:	components, materials and energy sources_None


A:  Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . So you see green if you push that button . 
C:  Huh , that's a good idea . 
D:  Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then . 
A:  Yeah , but if you u if you do that , you know that you're uh sending a signal . And it's  you also know which button you p 
B:  No , y Yeah . 
D:  Okay . But then have to be on the in the all uh remote control have to be LEDs . 
A:  Yeah , that's right . But it  
D:  Everywhere in the r 
A:  But does it make any difference for the energy you use ? You got still one LED . 
B:  No I don't think so , but  Yeah , i it it will look different , and I think we need to find something else . Yeah . 
A:  That looks different , yeah . 
C:  Hmm . 
B:  'Cause otherwise we will just make another standard , and our uh motto also is  
D:  Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons ? 
B:  Yeah , w around the buttons , or in the buttons even . 
D:  Yeah , okay . 
C:  Yeah , but mm like when you push it n n Yeah . You have your finger over the button . So you can see  Yeah . Or or m maybe on top of the  A green light is flashing or  
B:   Yeah , then then won't  Then you won't see it . 
D:  It must be around it then . Yeah , then  Yeah . Not not not not here , but here . 
C:  Yeah . There . Yeah . 
D:  Maybe uh  
B:   
A:  The same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ? If you push  
B:  Yeah , we're thinking about it . Uh on a mobile phone , in the dark uh 
A:  It lights up . Everything lights up . That's a good idea . 
B:  everything lights up . Why ain't that on a remote control ? 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much . 
B:  Yeah , if uh a mobile phone a phone can do it , it's  
D:  Okay . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  It's f Yeah . Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well . 
B:  Yeah , i if you're in the dark , you can't see the remote . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  It's only few LEDs . Only four or something . Four LED . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  No , I dunno . But if we use a battery station , which I think we will use  
D:  Yeah , I uh  
A:  Yeah , that's a good idea , okay . 
C:  Yeah . We'll have enough power to  
A:  Everything agre Everyone agrees with that , or  Okay . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Yep . 
D:  Maybe what Paul said , uh under the  on the on the home station , uh a button to uh to call your uh remote control , that it beeps . 
A:  Yeah , and then you  Okay , yeah . 
B:  And also it's  
A:  But you have to make a sound device in it then . 
D:  Yeah , there must be sound in it . 
C:  Hmm . 
A:  But  Yeah . 
B:  Okay , it shouldn't take much  
D:  I dunno . 
C:  Yeah . B maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make . Especially for that kind of money . Because it's i it has to be  Yeah . Production cost is uh t uh twelve and a half . 
D:  Mm uh , twenty five Euros , I think we can make it . Bec 
B:  Uh I th 
D:  Twelve and a half , okay . But but we only have to make it for television , and um we must have something special . So  
C:  Yeah , okay . 
B:  I think uh you also have uh <other> remote controls with a lot of options . But we lose about ninety percent of those options . So I think you can uh  
D:  Uh . We have to give our customers some extras . 
B:  Yeah . I think we will save money with that . 
C:  Yeah , okay . 
A:  Okay . Are you almost finished or just  
C:  Yeah , the the personal preference , I didn't fill it out . Because I was short on time . But um  
A:  Okay . Okay . No worry . 
C:  Basically what we could do too is uh have a Bluetooth uh integration . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


A:  So this  Oh , sorry . Wh what's that ? So uh  Oh , sorry . We have some new uh project requirements . We have to have a look what they are . They're still in um  Uh teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet . So a teletext option , maybe we have to skip that one . I'm not sure . I don't think so , but  
C:  No , and I I think a lot of people use uh teletext , still use . 
D:  No . 
A:  Yeah , and it's it's on your comp it's on your television . It's only one button . So I don't think it is  We definitely should use it . Um  
D:  Uh . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah , that's uh what I told you . The remote control should only be used for a television . So that's maybe easier . And um the the forty plus people , I already told you . Oh no , sorry . Oh , this is a problem . Oh sorry about that . The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . So it should be flashy or just more interesting . I'm sorry about that . I just I just didn't read it well . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . 
C:  Oh . Mm . 
B:  Okay , that's  It changes things . 
D:  <tongue clicking> 
topic_description:	new requirements_None


A:  So does it make some decision about that ? <laugh> 
D:  Changes . 
B:  <cough> 
C:  <laugh> Yeah . That kinda changes the whole situation . 
B:  Um  
D:  Uh  
B:  Well yeah , then we have to make some nice features . I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way , to make it more like a mobile phone . More modern . 
A:  That still stays . Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  That's important I think and  
D:  L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think . 
B:  And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control , especially when you only have T_V_ functions on it . 
D:  Oh . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm ah  I I don't y you'll use it often , because you can see on the television wh what channel you  
B:  So  
D:  Oh , I'm watching uh the channel one . Okay . <laugh> No , it's not  
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Yeah , I tho I think that's not usable . So , but uh  Yeah . What other features can we put in ? 
C:  No . Yeah . I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular . And uh then the usability is not that required , because the  Like in the mobile phones , usability is not that good I think . 
D:  But uh some of you had uh something to read about um <other> uh speech uh recognition . About you said one and the television turns on one . Is that reachable maybe ? That's very  That's fancy . That's cool . Twelve and you've got twelve . 
C:  I didn't read  
B:  It's very fashion . 
C:  I didn't read any b Yeah . Yeah okay . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Only the numbers , only numbers . Uh furthermore nothing . But only the numbers , one to twenty or something . That should be cool . 
C:  I I know . Mm . 
A:  Yeah , maybe we have to integrate that as well . If it's possible . But  
D:  If it's possible , I dunno . I didn't read it . 
C:  Yeah , I don't know . 
A:  I don't think it's very expensive actually . Why should it ? You only have a microphone in it . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Uh if i if i I didn't have information about that . 
B:  Yeah , I think it's  
C:  Yeah . But it has to work . And and and does it have to work only in English , or in Dutch too or  
A:  Nah , maybe  
D:  Ah that's a problem , but  
C:  And and uh w Yeah ? 
D:  Uh only in English . Only in English I think . 
B:  What  But uh I dunno how that works then . Uh does your uh  Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever 
C:  Yeah , it's probably my job to figure that out , but  
D:  No , that  
B:  uh one to have in channel one ? 
D:  Yeah , then th we have to think about that . But do <laugh> do we do it ? It's more if we if we do it . 
B:  Yeah , I dunno . So , is it very usable ? That's what I'm looking at . 
C:  And and do you have to speak in in like in a thing or  
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Is  
A:  Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that . It  We have short time to to put it on the market , so that  
C:  Yeah , I dunno . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  We have to do a lot of testing before we can do that . 
B:  Mm  Yeah well  <other> 
C:  Yeah , I think so .  
A:  We make uh make uh , we can make th th the new remote control very flashy .  
D:  Yeah , and uh and uh  
B:  It's  
D:  In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing . Uh because we we have a lot of languages . 
B:  I d Yeah . I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  And and  Yeah , and also if if you have a good speech uh speech recognition , you can just throw the uh <laugh> 
A:  Yeah . I think so . 
D:  Yeah . A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke , and the T_V_ turns uh to one . Yeah , it's not uh  
C:  the remote away . Mm . Hmm . Mm . Yeah , okay . 
B:  Yeah . Well yeah , that's the right command . And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one , or something . Not just one , but  
C:  But  Hmm yeah , T_V_ one . 
D:  Okay , but th that becomes your f Uh uh because that's very hard for uh speech recognition . 
B:  Well I dunno . But I don't think , it just ain't useful enough . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  So we have to make some decisions . So you can see on the uh  So we have to know what we're going to put on . Do we , do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything ? Do  If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , so you can see what other but buttons there are , okay ? 
D:  Okay , no speech recognition . 
B:  Yeah , I think so . 
C:  Yeah , that's good . 
B:  Yep . 
A:  Okay , we just take that one . And what else , we have  
B:  Also the one in the dark . So uh  It lights up when it's dark ? I didn't  
A:  Yeah , but it's  Oh th I thought would , that that would be the same . If you push something , it it all lights up . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah . Yeah yeah , it it mustn't work all the time . It uh uh it have to work only when you use it . So if you  No , if you use one button , it must turn uh on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off . 
B:  Yeah , but um  Yes , that's what I mean . 
A:  Or you can switch it on or something . 
B:  Or maybe when you  yeah . It lights up all . 
A:  Yeah , that's right . You have to  Yeah , that's right . That's what I said . It's the same as the telephone . Yeah . 
B:  Okay yeah . D Yeah , alright . Yeah . 
A:  And do we use a a  Uh what's it called ? Like a iMac ,  if you can look through it . Or just a normal remote control . 
B:  Maybe just as an option , w like we discussed , like iPod . Different colours , uh maybe use even different fonts . 
C:  Mm , maybe it's a good idea . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Oh yeah . 
B:  Like uh phones . 
A:  Different colours . Okay , so y you just make it th through  You look through it ? Okay . 
C:  Hmm . 
D:  A see-through . Mm , that's cool . 
B:  Yeah . Uh as an option maybe . 
A:  And so the buttons we have , this is , yeah , this is normal . We put in the the simple buttons on the top , and probably the the the more complicated buttons down there . 
B:  It's the standard  Yeah , uh  
D:  But you have  You had a lot of different buttons . 
B:  Yeah , we but we don't  We don't really have any complicated buttons . 
C:  Hmm . 
A:  Yeah , maybe you have you have to  Uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . 
B:  Yeah okay , but  Yeah , well w I think the buttons are very easy . With just uh standard buttons we just have so little  
A:  O but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . Because you ne almost never use it . 
B:  No , I don't need don't need  Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something . 
C:  Yeah , but younger people I think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext . So uh  
A:  Yeah , that's right . 
B:  I use teletext as well . 
D:  No , I use te teletext every day , I think . 
C:  Hmm . Okay . 
A:  Yeah . For me too , it is . So we just keep it one level then ? Okay . 
B:  Yeah yeah , one level . And I think , uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons , I think the design is most important . You can d uh integrate the buttons in the design very much . 
D:  Mm . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  'Cause  simple buttons . If you put one above it , it's clear . 
A:  Okay . Okay . 
topic_description:	look and usability_None


A:  So that's it for toda for  We're going to have a lunch lunch break . Um  
D:  <laugh> 
B:  How long is lunch break ? 
A:  So yeah , you know what you have to do . This is uh this is it . You get your meal and everything , so  
D:  Trendwatching . Okay . That's fine . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Yo . 
A:  So , we're finished for t for this time . We're going to have some lunch . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  <singing?> <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> Bye . <laugh> 
D:   
B:  <laugh> 
D:   
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah .  
B:   
D:  Mm . Uh . 
B:   
D:   
A:   
C:   
D:   <laugh>  
topic_description:	closing_None


