A:  Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group . 

A:  Um I'll again very quickly uh just present some notes of that meeting . 

A:  Um they've got lots of buttons on them 

A:  Um and people lose them . 

A:  um <other> that we're  <other> we should look at speech recognition rather than r rather than buttons , 

A:  um <other> we want to go for uh a long lasting battery 

A:  and a shape that will be instantly recognisable , A_ um as uh a trendy remote control , and and B_ as uh a Real Reaction product . 

A:  again um , I'll  we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you 

A:  And uh I I think our discussion was around the fact that uh if we're gonna go for uh a long lasting power supply , then basically it's uh sealed for life 

A:  um  and uh this is where I need uh uh Kate's expert advice 

A:  um d d do we go for a custom designed chip ? 

A:  <other> we we had some discussions last time as as to uh how we might go forward 

A:  Uh and then uh , you know , f for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the s the look , feel and design , 

B:  I'll just be talking about the components design . 

B:  basically I just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do . 

B:  the chip then senses this connection 

B:  and then sends it on to the light emitting diode 

B:  which is then trai changed into a infrared light 

B:  as for how we should end up uh using this in our remote uh t couple of main questions are the buttons . 

B:  Also we have to work within the company constraints , 

B:  <other> Um we also need to look at the chips , uh v custom-designed versus off the shelf , 

B:  but it's going to be less flexible with the features , especially things like uh voice activation , 

B:  so if we were uh definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design um our own chip . 

A:  Do we do we know uh by how much ? 

A:  inevitably a b a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive . 

B:  I don't actually have any price information , 

A:  And and do we know how long it'll take to uh develop a a custom chip . 

B:  a lot longer than an off the shelf chip . 

A:  I think we need to make a a decision here . 

C:  Um does it make a difference if there are just a few commands , 

C:  and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one 

B:  Once you've got the whole voice chip in there , then it's pretty much the the world  the the sky is your limit , 

A:  given that , you know , mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling . 

A:  speak somebody's name and it'll dial the number for you , 

C:  Of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive , 

D:  maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost . 

C:  I kinda think if we're gonna have the voice recognition for part of it , then maybe we should have it for the whole thing . 

A:  given that the um the technology is not well developed 

A:  uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons , 

C:  Anyway , I'm I'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it . 

A:  it will have voice recognition um uh 

C:  so I did some research on the internet 

C:  the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users , 

C:  a lot of times they tend to look cluttered 

C:  <laugh> Bring a little picture of what I thought ours could look like <laugh> . 

C:  just kind of minimise the clutter , 

A:  I mean I think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they're they're si simple , cheap and reliable . 

B:  I think they're they're about the same cost really . 

B:  there's a lot of slide buttons out there . 

A:  Okay , fair enough , fine . 

C:  for example if I'm using a mouse I like to be able to slide it up and down 

A:  So three three  there's three buttons on a slider . 

C:  The only advantage I was thinking of to having the buttons , like the buttons on one side for the channel , and then the slider is that if you're just holding in your hand , and you pick it up , it's easy to n s know , okay , this is just the volume and this is the channel . 

B:  'cause I've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume , or vice versa , 

D:  like the shape of it almost like a mouse , 

A:  we have to come up with is the the actual shape 

A:  so we we're looking at sliders for both a  uh volume and channel change 

C:  I was thinking kind of just for the volume , 

B:  in that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and the  that for rolling , 

D:  this is my report on trend watching . 

D:  I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect , 

D:  and the third being easy to use is probably a given , 

A:  I think that what we're suggesting ought to address all three of those . 

D:  from the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes , et cetera . 

D:  clothes , shoes and furniture 

A:  that's different , certainly . 

D:  if we're going for the it looks fancy , then fashion is obviously the line we gotta be going through . 

B:  that can kinda tie into our changing uh face things , 

D:  we can have a sp like a spongy skin on it 

A:  Also means you can drop it without damaging it . 

D:  depending on the cost of the product itself , you know , could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed ? Instead of having a ten year guarantee ? 

A:  it's like the old Swatch watch 

C:  What if we included the batteries in the cover ? 

B:  Oh yeah . I like that . 

A:  Um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better . 

A:  I mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last , you know , a long time . 

B:  I  I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one , 

B:  That all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers 

A:  I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it  y you've then got the connection 

A:  whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all , you know , completely soldered together 

A:  um and , you know giving people the option of buying a new uh  a a complete new thing , 

B:  that that's just it with the covers , you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product . 

A:  it's it's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item . 

C:  like they have for mobile phones 

A:  And you know , th the the design that I've got , and and it could be a a home-made design , um you know this says this is not just a a television remote control , 

D:  the fashions apply to furniture , 

A:  It's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their um coffee table to say this says something about me . 

A:  I mean given that we've got you know one one on off button presumably , two buttons for uh channel change and one slider and basically nothing else , 

A:  um w we need to decide on the  just the basic shape of the thing . 

A:  And , know whether we go down the fruit and veg route , 

A:  and I don't suggest we make it look like a banana , 

A:  t to deliberately get away from the uh um <other> uh you know , the the the the square look of most um current uh remotes 

A:  'cause there's certainly you know , the the corporate logo needs to be prominently uh displayed 

B:  I dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow 

B:  yellow seems a bit of a strong colour 

A:  I mean we're we're we're simply  it's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently um . 

C:  I was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um <other> a shape that's almost like a mouse . 

C:  because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand 

C:  but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and 

A:  my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape 

B:  you'd want it narrower than a mouse though 

A:  so it's  you sorta hold it in your hand like that , i with , you know , and fiddling with the buttons . 

C:  kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this , 

B:  and then it widens up top 

C:  And then it would have a l uh wider thing to uh have the light , the infrared light at the T_V_ and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume 

D:  Um I'm just  I'm suddenly realising that yeah we're discussing how much  how good it's gonna be to change channels 

D:  I mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it ? 

A:  I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes . 

A:  we need the the manual controls 

D:  we're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff , 

D:  but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice . 

A:  my personal view is that if it's not there , people wouldn't use it anyway um . 

B:  you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons . 

B:  if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that and  or do voice commands , 

A:  I'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available . 

C:  We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume . 

A:  if we if we're going down that route , then we need some sort of display . 

B:  But the television would be the display 

A:  We actually use the television , okay . Okay , okay , okay . 

B:  like you hit menu 

C:  so if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select . 

A:  I think we've actually very conveniently just uh come to uh a good point to s to sum up um . 

A:  Kate and Kendra now go away 

A:  Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh  I was gonna say concrete , 

D:  Our energy source is gonna be 

A:  for simplicity of , you know , manufacturing and uh maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source um , 

A:  and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control . 

A:  and um <other> make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for uh we'll say at least five five ten years 

D:  And interchangeable case ? 

A:  I i interchangeable case seems to be um <other> um important to the concept . 

A:  i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want , then uh  I mean uh uh this is totally new . 

A:  so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to um a any of the famous supermarkets , 

D:  And uh are we gonna have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or  

A:  because we've got so few buttons 

A:  no , 

A:   cer certainly wider angle than than current , 

A:  I sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing , then sort of the the whole of the top would be the uh the infrared uh . 

A:  we're all clear where we go from here . 

A:  thank you very much indeed 

