B:  Right ? 
B:  Oh ! 
B:  Should we , uh , close the door , maybe ? 
B:  So it 's  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Huh . 
B:  Well , that 's a 
B:  OK . 
B:  So , just to repeat the thing bef that we said last week , 
B:  it was there 's this suggestion of alternating weeks on <inbreath> more , uh , automatic speech recognition related or not ? 
B:  Was that sort of  the division ? 
B:  So which week are we in ? 
B:  I thought we had a thing about speech recognition last week too . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Um . Yeah . 
B:  Um . <breath> So , w what follows ? 
B:  At some point y you go around and get people to sign something ? 
B:  Yeah , but I 've forgotten . 
B:  And how long of an opportunity did you tell them ? 
B:  July fifteenth . 
B:  Oh , so they have a plenty of time , 
B:  and y 
B:  Given that it 's that long , 
B:  um , um  
B:  Why was that date chosen ? 
B:  You just felt you wanted to  ? 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  I don't  
B:  No , the only  th the only  mention I recall about that was just that July fifteenth or so is when <inbreath> this meeting starts . 
B:  Oh , I see . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
B:  w 
B:  Right . 
B:  We probably should have talked about it , 
B:  cuz i because if we wanna be able to give it to people July fifteenth , 
B:  if somebody 's gonna come back and say " OK , I don't want this and this and this used " , uh , clearly we need some time to respond to that . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  I just didn't remember , 
B:  but  
B:  OK . 
B:  NSA . 
B:  German , Dutch , Swiss and Spanish . 
B:  I It was the network  network services group . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Otherwise known as the German , Dutch , and Spanish . 
B:  I mean , I would suggest we discuss  
B:  I mean , if we 're going to have a policy on it , 
B:  that we discuss the length of time that we want to give people , 
B:  so that we have a uniform thing . 
B:  So , tha that 's a month , 
B:  which is fine . 
B:  I mean , it seems  
B:  I mean , 
B:  um , 
B:  I  I  <inbreath> i I think that somebody might  request something 
B:  even though we say that . 
B:  But I think it 's good to at least start some place like that . 
B:  So if we agreed , <inbreath> OK , how long is a reasonable amount of time for people to have  
B:  if we say two weeks , or if we say a month , 
B:  I think we should just say that  
B:  say that , you know , i a as  um , <mouth> " per the  the  the , uh , page you signed , you have the ability to look over this stuff " and so forth 
B:  " and , uh , because we w " these , uh  
B:  I would  I would imagine some sort of generic thing that would say " because we , uh , will continually be making these things available <inbreath> to other researchers , uh , this can't be open - ended 
B:  and so , uh , uh , please give us back your response within this am you know , within this amount of time " , whatever time we agree upon . 
B:  Did I ? 
B:  No , I haven't yet . 
B:  No , just  
B:  No , no . I 'm not saying that you should change anything . 
B:  I I 'm  what I 'm  what I 'm  <inbreath> I 'm trying to spark a discussion hopefully among people who have read it 
B:  so that  that you can  <inbreath> you can , uh , decide on something . 
B:  So I 'm not telling you what to decide . 
B:  I 'm just saying you should decide something , 
B:  and then  
B:  Well , the one thing that I did read and that you just repeated to me  was that you gave the specific date of July fifteenth . 
B:  And you also just said that the reason you said that was because someone said it to you . 
B:  So what I 'm telling you  is that what you should do is come up with a length of time that you guys think is enough 
B:  and you should use that rather than  this date that you just got from somewhere . 
B:  That 's all I 'm saying . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  It  well , it  well , you 're right . Sometimes somebody will be  away 
B:  and , uh , you know , there 's , uh  for any length of time that you <breath> uh , choose  there is some person sometime who will not  end up reading it . 
B:  That 's  it 's , you know , just a certain risk to take . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Well , we  we haven't experienced it before . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  So  
B:  If this is a purely administrative task , we can actually have administration do it . 
B:  But the thing is that , you know , I  I  I think , without going through a whole expensive thing with our lawyers , <inbreath> from my previous conversations with them , my  my sense very  much is that we would want something on record  as indicating that they actually were aware of this . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . We never really talked about that . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We certainly didn't talk , uh , about  with them at all about , uh , the manner of them being  <inbreath> made the , uh , uh , materials available . 
B:  That was something that was sort of just within our implementation . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well . 
B:  Let me look at this again . 
B:  Yeah . My  Adam , my  my view before was about  the nature of what was  of the presentation , 
B:  of  of how  my  my  
B:  the things that we 're questioning were along the lines of how easy  
B:  uh , 
B:  h how m how much implication would there be that it 's likely you 're going to be changing something , as opposed to  
B:  That was the kind of dispute I was making before . 
B:  But , um , the attorneys , I  uh , I can guarantee you , the attorneys will always come back with  
B:  and we have to decide how stringent we want to be in these things , 
B:  but they will always come back with saying <inbreath> that , um , you need to  you want to have someth some paper trail or  which includes electronic trail  <inbreath> that they have , uh , in fact  O K 'd it . 
B:  So , um , 
B:  I think that if you f i if  we send the email as you have 
B:  and if there 's half the people , say , who don't respond  at all by , you know , some period of time , <breath> we can just make a list of these people 
B:  and hand it to , uh  
B:  you know , just give it to me 
B:  and I 'll hand it to administrative staff or whatever , 
B:  and they 'll just call them up and say , you know , " have you  
B:  Is  is this OK ? And would you please mail  you know , mail Adam that it is , if i if it , you know , is or not . " 
B:  So , you know , we can  we can do that . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I think the main thing is  I mean , what lawyers do is they always look at worst cases . 
B:  So they s so  so  Tha - that 's what they 're paid to do . 
B:  And so , <inbreath> it is certainly possible that , uh , somebody 's server would be down or something 
B:  and they wouldn't actually hear from us , 
B:  and then they find this thing is in there 
B:  and we 've already distributed it to someone . 
B:  So , <inbreath> what it says in there , in fact , is that they will be given an opportunity to blah - blah - blah , 
B:  but if in fact  if we sent them something or we thought we sent them something but they didn't actually receive it for some reason , <inbreath> um , then we haven't given them that . 
B:  I i i em email is enough . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean , I 've been through this  
B:  I mean , I 'm not a lawyer , 
B:  but I 've been through these things a f things f like this a few times with lawyers now 
B:  so I  I <inbreath> I I 'm pretty comfortable with that . 
B:  So again , hopefully , um , this shouldn't be quite as odious a problem either way , 
B:  uh , in any of the extremes we 've talked about 
B:  because <breath> uh , we 're talking a pretty small  number of people . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yeah . Cuz it  what it  what it really does promise here is that we will ask their permission . 
B:  Um , and I think , you know , if you go into a room and close the door and  and ask their permission <laugh> and they 're not there , it doesn't seem  that 
B:  that 's the intent of , uh , meaning here . 
B:  So . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Well , the way ICSI goes , people , uh , who , uh , were here ten years ago still have acc <laugh> have forwards to other accounts and so on . 
B:  So it 's unusual that  that they , uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So if we get to a boundary case like that then maybe I will call the attorney about it . 
B:  But , you know , hopefully we won't need to . 
B:  So we 'll  we 'll see if we do or not . 
B:  Yeah . I think very few people will 
B:  and  and  and , you know , people  people see long emails about things that they don't think <breath> is gonna be high priority , they typically , uh , don't  don't read it , or half read it . 
B:  Cuz people are swamped . 
B:  But  
B:  Uh , or e well , maybe even additionally , uh , um , 
B:  " Even if you 've decided you have no changes you 'd like to make , if you could tell us that " . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I mean , the other thing I 've learned from dealing with  dealing with people sending in reviews and so forth , uh , is , um , <inbreath> if you say " you 've got three months to do this review " , <breath> um , people do it , you know , <mouth> two and seven eighths months from now . 
B:  If you say " you 've got three weeks to do this review " , they do  do it , you know , two and seven eighths weeks from now  <inbreath> they do the review . 
B:  And , um  So , 
B:  if we make it  a little less time , I don't think it 'll be that much  
B:  There 's the responding part 
B:  and there 's also what if , 
B:  uh , I mean , I hope this doesn't happen , 
B:  what if there are a bunch of deletions that have to get put in and changes ? 
B:  Then <inbreath> we actually have to deal with that 
B:  if we want it to  
B:  Are you del are you bleeping it by adding ? 
B:  I I 
B:  I I understand , 
B:  but is  is it summing signals 
B:  or do you  delete the old one and put the new one in ? 
B:  Oh , OK . 
B:  Cuz  
B:  Oh . Cuz if you were summing , you could  
B:  No . But anyway  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Encrypt it . 
B:  Yeah . You could encrypt it , 
B:  you know , with a  with a two hundred bit  <laugh> thousand bit , uh  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , but we never also  we 've also never done it . 
B:  So . <inbreath> And , uh  and I 'm sorry responding without , uh , having much knowledge , 
B:  but the thing is , uh , I am , like , one of these people who gets a gazillion mails 
B:  and  and stuff comes in as 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  So  so the only thing we 're missing is  is some way to respond to easily to say , uh , " OK , go ahead " or something . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . It 's converging . 
B:  And  
B:  And we actually need a third thing . 
B:  It 's not that you 've looked at it , 
B:  it 's that you 've looked at it and  and  and agree with one of the possible actions . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  Oh ? 
B:  Oh , I see . 
B:  That i i my first - born children are yours , 
B:  and  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Wow . That 's  that 's my guy . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  Wow . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  We heard anything from IBM ? 
B:  at all ? 
B:  But I think  Yeah . Like you said , I mean , that 's  that 's gonna be our standard proc 
B:  that 's what the transcribers are gonna be spending most of their time doing , I would imagine , 
B:  once  once we  
B:  It 's gonna  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . That would be a shame if people said " well , I don't approve it because  the  it 's not what I said " . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Could be . 
B:  No , but you 'd  If you  Yeah , w we should get it . 
B:  Yeah . If you need it . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  They 're  they 're  they 're  they 're pretty inexpensive . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No . Just  just  just  just buy them . 
B:  Just buy them . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I realized something I should talk about . 
B:  So what 's the other thing on the agenda actually ? 
B:  No , no . Why don't you  why don't you go ahead 
B:  since it 's short . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 's  
B:  I i i it i 
B:  Yeah , it 's great . 
B:  Yeah , 
B:  double  double  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We 've just ordered a hundred gigabytes . 
B:  Well , we 're getting three thirty  thirty - sixes . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  That are going into the main f file server . 
B:  So . 
B:  Onto Abbott , 
B:  the file server . 
B:  So there 's another hundred gig . 
B:  So . 
B:  OK . 
B:  It 's great to be able to do it , 
B:  just say " oh yeah , a hundred gig , 
B:  no big deal " . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Um . Yeah . I was just going to comment that I I 'm going to , uh , be on the phone with Mari tomorrow , late afternoon . 
B:  We 're supposed to <inbreath> get together and talk about , uh , where we are on things . 
B:  Uh , there 's this meeting coming up , 
B:  uh , and there 's also an annual report . Now , 
B:  I never actually  
B:  I  I was asking about this . 
B:  I don't really quite understand this . 
B:  She was re she was referring to it as  
B:  I think this actually  didn't just come from her , 
B:  but this is  what , uh , DARPA had asked for . 
B:  Um , she 's referring to it as the an annual report for the fiscal year . 
B:  But of course the fiscal year starts in October , 
B:  so I don't quite understand w w why we do an annual report that we 're writing in July . 
B:  Uh , I think basically it it 's none of those . 
B:  It 's that the meeting is in July 
B:  so they  so DARPA just said do an annual report . 
B:  So . 
B:  So . 
B:  So anyway , I 'll be putting together stuff . 
B:  I 'll do it , uh , you know , as much as I can without bothering people , 
B:  just by looking at  at papers and status reports . 
B:  I mean , the status reports you do are very helpful . 
B:  Uh , so I can grab stuff there . 
B:  And if , uh  if I have some questions I 'll  
B:  Yeah . If  people could do it as soon as  as you can , if you haven't done one si recently . 
B:  Uh . <inbreath> Uh , 
B:  but , you know , I 'm  I 'm sure before  it 's all done , I 'll end up bugging people for  for more clarification about stuff . 
B:  Um . <mouth> But , um , 
B:  I don't know , 
B:  I guess  I guess I know pretty much what people have been doing . 
B:  We have these meetings and  and there 's the status reports . 
B:  Uh . But , um . Um . 
B:  Yeah . So that wasn't a long one . Just to tell you that . And if something <inbreath> hasn't , uh  
B:  I 'll be talking to her late tomorrow afternoon , 
B:  and if something hasn't been in a status report and you think it 's important thing to mention on <inbreath> this kind of thing , uh , uh , just pop me a one - liner 
B:  and  and  and I 'll  I 'll have it in front of me for the phone conversation . 
B:  Uh . 
B:  I guess , uh , you you 're still pecking away at the  demos and all that , probably . 
B:  Oh , that 's right . 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah , I might want to get updated about it in about a week 
B:  cuz , um , I 'm actually gonna have a  <inbreath> a few days off the following week , 
B:  a after the  after the picnic . 
B:  So . 
B:  That 's all I had . 
B:  Uh  
B:  And there 's the digits to do . 
B:  So maybe  may maybe  maybe  
B:  We could . 
B:  Fi - five minute report or something . 
B:  Yeah , yeah . 
B:  Well , I would love to hear about it , 
B:  especially since  
B:  Yeah . Well , I 'm gonna be on the phone tomorrow , 
B:  so this is just a  good example of  the sort of thing I 'd like to  hear about . 
B:  Cuz he looked at you 
B:  and says you 're sketching . 
B:  I thought we did . 
B:  OK . Whew ! 
B:  That was  
B:  Yeah . Nicely done , Liz . 
B:  But  but lots of prosody . 
B:  OK . <laugh> OK . 
B:  Y you going to , uh , Eurospeech ? 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  We 'll discuss it . 
B:  My  my  my car  my car needs a good wash , by the way . 
B:  Um . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So you get to be the one who has all the paper rustling . 
B:  Right ? 
