A:  Good . 
A:  Ear - plug . 
A:  Is that  Does that mean you can't hear anything during the meeting ? 
A:  Oh . I just meant that that was  the release date that you had on the  data . 
A:  I , uh  
A:  I thought  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  That 's right . 
A:  That 's why . 
A:  You said you wanted it to be available then . 
A:  I didn't mean it to be the hard deadline . 
A:  It 's fine with me if it is , 
A:  or we cou 
A:  But I thought it might be good to remind people two weeks prior to that 
A:  in case , uh  you know , " by the way  this is your last  " 
A:  Uh . Yeah . 
A:  That 's right . 
A:  And he 's got it so that the default thing you see when you look at the page is " OK " . 
A:  So that 's very clear 
A:  all the way down the page , " OK " . 
A:  And they have two options 
A:  they can change it to . One of them is  " censor " , and the other one is " incorrect " . 
A:  Is it  is  your word is " incorrect " ? 
A:  Which means also we get feedback on  if  um , there 's something that they w that needs to be  adjusted , 
A:  because , I mean , these are very highly technical things . 
A:  I mean , it 's an added , uh , level of checking on the accuracy of the transcription , as I see it . 
A:  But in any case , people can agree to things that are wrong . 
A:  So . 
A:  And the reason I liked it was because  
A:  was because it , um  it gives them the option of , uh , being able to correct it . 
A:  Approve it and correct it . 
A:  And  um . 
A:  So , you have  it nicely set up so they email you 
A:  and , uh  
A:  Mm - hmm . Mm - hmm . 
A:  And I wanted to say the meetings that are involved in that set are Robustness and Meeting Recorder . 
A:  The German ones will be ready for next week . 
A:  Those are three  three of those . 
A:  A different set of people . 
A:  And we can impose  
A:  Uh , well . 
A:  OK . I spoke loosely . 
A:  The  the German , French  Sorry , the German , <laugh> Dutch , and Spanish ones . 
A:  Yeah . Uh - huh . 
A:  That 's  that 's  that 's r 
A:  Yeah .  It 's the other group . 
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  Yeah , exactly . Yeah . 
A:  I didn't mean to  isolate them . 
A:  Yeah . Sorry . 
A:  It was  it was not the best characterization . 
A:  But what  <inbreath> what I meant to say was that it 's the other group that 's not  n no m no overlap with our present members . 
A:  And then maybe it 'd be good to set an explicit deadline , 
A:  something like  a week  before that , 
A:  uh , J July fifteenth date , 
A:  or two weeks before . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . That 's a little bit difficult . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well .  That 's true . 
A:  I  I agree with that part , 
A:  but I think that it would  it , uh  we need to have , uh , a  a  a message to them very clearly that <inbreath> beyond this date , you can't make additional changes . 
A:  Mm - hmm . Good . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah , yeah . OK , so  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well  
A:  I  I think that there 's one missing line . 
A:  I ha I have one question . 
A:  This is in the summer period 
A:  and presumably people may be out of town . 
A:  But we can make the assumption , can't we ? that , um , they will be receiving email , uh , most of the month . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Because if someone  
A:  OK . 
A:  We did that , I  I believe . 
A:  And the form says  
A:  Uh , the f 
A:  Well , the form  Well , the form doesn't say , if  uh , you know , " if you don't respond by X number of days or X number of weeks  " 
A:  It doesn't have a time limit . 
A:  That you 'll be provided access to the transcripts 
A:  and then , uh , allowed to  remove things that you 'd like to remove , before it goes to the general  uh , larger audience . 
A:  There you go . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I  I kind of like this . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well   <mouth> Most  
A:  But the ones that we 're dealing with now are all local , 
A:  except the ones who  
A:  I mean , we  we 're totally in contact with all the ones in those two groups . 
A:  So maybe , uh , I  you know , that 's not that many people 
A:  and if I  if , uh  
A:  i i there is an advantage to having them admit  
A:  and if I can help with  with processing that , I will . 
A:  It 's  it 's  there is an advantage to having them be on record as having received the mail and indicating  
A:  Yes , we did . 
A:  You 're right . 
A:  Well , I  you know . But sometimes  
A:  That 's right . 
A:  Need to get it right . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  It 's much easier to explain  this way . 
A:  T t to have it on record . 
A:  Yeah , but w Mmm . 
A:  Well , then we make the effort . 
A:  We make the effort . 
A:  Except I really think in this case  
A:  I  I 'm agr I agree with Liz , that we need to be  in the clear 
A:  and not have to after the fact say " oh , but I assumed " , 
A:  and " oh , I 'm sorry that your email address was just accumulating mail without notifying you " , 
A:  you know . 
A:  Oh , excellent . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  I don't remember that this issue of  the time period allowed for response was ever covered . 
A:  Or  or how they would indicate  
A:  That one . 
A:  Well , it doesn't matter . 
A:  And how many people ? 
A:  Al - altogether we 've got twenty people . These people are people who read their email almost all the time . 
A:  I  I really don't see that it 's a problem . 
A:  I  I think that it 's a common courtesy to ask them  uh , to expect for them to , uh , be able to have @ @  us try to contact them , 
A:  u just in case they hadn't gotten their email . 
A:  I think they 'd appreciate it . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I remember that . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I also think they 'd just simply appreciate it . 
A:  I think it 's a good  a good way of  of fostering goodwill among our subjects . 
A:  Well , our participants . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . That 's right . 
A:  I  I could get you on the notify list if you want me to . 
A:  For that directory ? 
A:  OK , great . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  I don't think , uh  They 're so recent , these visitors . 
A:  I  and  and I  they 're also so  
A:  They 're prominent enough that they 're easy to find through  
A:  I  I mean , I  I w I 'll be able to  if you have any trouble finding them , I really think I could find them . 
A:  I just  
A:  I d I just don't think we will . 
A:  For all the reasons that we 've discussed . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  And actually , 
A:  um , I  I  didn't anticipate this 
A:  so I  that 's why I didn't give this comment , 
A:  and it  I  this discussion has made me think it might be nice to have a follow - up email within the next couple of days saying " by the way , you know , we wanna hear back from you by X date 
A:  and please  " , 
A:  and then add what Liz said  
A:  " please , uh , respond to  please indicate you received this mail . " 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  It is the first time through the cycle . 
A:  Mm - hmm . Some lead time . 
A:  By the way , has  has Jeremy signed the form ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Well  
A:  Well  <inbreath> I  you know , I think at a certain point , that copy that has the deletions will become the master copy . 
A:  But  <outbreath> And then w I was gonna say also that the they don't have to stay on the system , as you know , 
A:  cuz  cuz the  the ones  
A:  Once it 's been successfully bleeped , can't you rely on the  ? 
A:  Can't you rely on the archiving to preserve the older version ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  This is the first cycle . 
A:  There 're bound to be some glitches the first time through . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And it also doesn't give a  a specific  I didn't think of it . 
A:  S I think it 's a good idea  an ex explicit time by which this will be considered definite . 
A:  And  and it has to be a time earlier than that endpoint . 
A:  Yeah . That 's right . 
A:  Oh , that 's interesting . 
A:  Could do that . 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  But why shouldn't they just  email back ? 
A:  I don't see there 's a problem . 
A:  It 's very nice . 
A:  I  I like the high - tech aspect of it , 
A:  but I think  
A:  I appreciate it . 
A:  Yeah . <laugh> I like VI . 
A:  Six . 
A:  I agree with you . 
A:  It 's  we could do it , uh  I I could  I 'd be happy with either way , 
A:  batch - wise  
A:  What I was thinking  
A:  Uh , so this one  
A:  That was exactly right , 
A:  that we had a  uh , uh  
A:  I  I had wanted to get the entire set of twelve hours ready . 
A:  Don't have it . 
A:  But , uh , this was the biggest clump I could do by a time where I thought it was reasonable . 
A:  People would be able to check it and still have it ready by then . 
A:  My , um  I was thinking that with the  NSA meetings , I 'd like  there are three of them , 
A:  and they 're  uh , I  I will have them done by Monday . 
A:  Uh , unfortunately the time is later 
A:  and I don't know how that 's gonna work out , 
A:  but I thought it 'd be good to have that released as a clump , too , 
A:  because then , <inbreath> you know , they 're  they  they have a  it it 's in a category , 
A:  it 's not quite so distracting to them , is what I was thinking , 
A:  and it 's all in one chu 
A:  But after that , when we 're caught up a bit on this process , then , um , I could imagine sending them out periodically as they become available . 
A:  I could do it either way . 
A:  I mean , it 's a question of how distracting it is to the people who have to do the checking . 
A:  That 's on my list . 
A:  Well , that 's on my list . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm , mm - hmm . 
A:  One question about the backchannels . 
A:  Do you suppose that was because they weren't caught by the pre - segmenter ? 
A:  Oh , interesting . 
A:  Oh , interesting . OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . So maybe when the detector for that gets better or something  
A:  I w I  
A:  There 's another issue which is this  
A:  we 've been , uh , contacted by University of Washington now , of course , to , um  
A:  We sent them the transcripts that correspond to those  six meetings 
A:  and they 're downloading the audio files . 
A:  So they 'll be doing that . 
A:  Chuck 's  Chuck 's , uh , put that in . 
A:  This is to show you , uh , some of the things that turn up during the checking procedure . 
A:  Um @ @  So , this is from one of the NSA meetings 
A:  and , uh , i if you 're familiar with the diff format , the arrow to the left is what it was , 
A:  and the arrow to the right is  what it was changed to . 
A:  So , 
A:  um . <inbreath> And now the first one . 
A:  " OK . So , then we started a weekly meeting . 
A:  The last time , uh  " And the transcriber thought " little too much " 
A:  But , <inbreath> uh , 
A:  really , um , it was " we learned too much " , 
A:  which makes more sense syntactically as well . 
A:  Then  
A:  Oh , this  that 's the convention for indicating uncertain . 
A:  So the transcriber was right . 
A:  You know , she was uncertain about that . 
A:  So she 's right to be uncertain . 
A:  And it 's also a g a good indication of the  of that . 
A:  The next one . This was about , uh , Claudia 
A:  and  she 'd been really b busy with stuff , such as waivers . 
A:  Uh , OK . 
A:  Um , next one . 
A:  Um . <inbreath> This was  an interesting one . 
A:  So the original was " So that 's not  so Claudia 's not the bad master here " , 
A:  and then he laughs , 
A:  but it really " web master " . 
A:  And then you see another type of uncertainty which is , you know , they just didn't know what to make out of that . 
A:  So instead of " split upon unknown " ,  it 's " split in principle " . 
A:  No , no . These are  these are our local transcriptions of the NSA meetings . 
A:  The transcribers  transcriber 's version ver versus the checked version . 
A:  My  my checked version , after I go through it . 
A:  Um , then you get down here . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Sometimes some speakers will insert foreign language terms . 
A:  That 's the next example , 
A:  the next one . 
A:  The , uh , version beyond this is  
A:  So instead of saying " or " , 
A:  especially those words , " also " and " oder " and some other ones . 
A:  Those sneak in . 
A:  Um , the next one  
A:  S 
A:  Sorry , what ? 
A:  Discourse markers ? 
A:  Sure . Sure , sure , sure . 
A:  And it 's  and it makes sense 
A:  cuz it 's , like , below this  it 's a little subliminal there . 
A:  Um . OK , the next one , 
A:  uh , <laugh> this is a term . 
A:  The problem with terminology . 
A:  Description with th the transcriber has " X as an advance " . 
A:  But really it 's " QS in advance " . 
A:  I mean , I  I 've benefited from some of these , uh , cross - group meetings . 
A:  OK , then you got , 
A:  um , <inbreath> uh , 
A:  instead of " from something - or - other cards " ,  it 's " for multicast " . 
A:  And instead of " ANN system related " , it 's " end system related " . 
A:  This was changed to an acronym initially 
A:  and it should shouldn't have been . 
A:  And then , you can see here " GPS " was misinterpreted . 
A:  It 's just totally understanda 
A:  This is  this is a lot of jargon . 
A:  Um , and the final one , 
A:  the transcriber had th " in the core network itself 
A:  or the exit unknown , 
A:  not the internet unknown " . 
A:  And it  it comes through as " in the core network itself of the access provider , 
A:  not the internet backbone core " . 
A:  Now this is a lot of  terminology . 
A:  And they 're generally extremely good , 
A:  but , you know in this  this area it really does pay to , um  to double check 
A:  and I 'm hoping that when the checked versions are run through the recognizer that you 'll see s substantial improvements in performance 
A:  cuz the  you know , there 're a lot of these in there . 
A:  No , actually no . 
A:  Huh - uh . 
A:  It 's jargon . Yeah . 
A:  I mean this is  cuz , you know you don't realize in daily life how much you have top - down influences in what you 're hearing . 
A:  And it 's jar it 's jargon coupled with a foreign accent . 
A:  Well , also from the standpoint of getting people 's approval , 
A:  cuz if someone sees a page full of uh , um , barely decipherable w you know , sentences , and then is asked to approve of it or not , <laugh> it 's , uh , uh  
A:  OK . 
A:  Exactly . That 's why we discussed that . 
A:  And then I also  the final thing I have for transcription is that I made a purchase of some other headphones 
A:  because of the problem of low gain in the originals . 
A:  And  and they very much appro they mu much prefer the new ones , 
A:  and actually I  I mean , I  I think that there will be fewer things to correct because of the  the choice . 
A:  We 'd originally chosen , uh , very expensive head headsets 
A:  but , um , they 're just not as good as these , um , in this  with this respect to this particular task . 
A:  I don't know exactly , 
A:  but we chose them because that 's what 's been used here by prominent projects in transcription . 
A:  So it i we had every reason to think they would work . 
A:  Sorry , what ? 
A:  We have actua actually I have  
A:  W Well , the thing is , that if we have four people come to work  for a day , I was  I was hanging on to the others for , eh  for spares , 
A:  but I can tell you what I recommend . 
A:  It 'd just have to be a s a separate order  an added order . 
A:  Cambridge SoundWorks , just down the street . 
A:  Yeah . They always have them in stock . 
A:  Oh , sure . Yeah . OK . 
A:  It 's made a difference in  in how easy . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  A woman of few words . 
A:  Well , since last week . 
A:  I 'll be interested . 
A:  What 's the name of the meeting ? 
A:  Good . 
