F:  OK . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Great . Great . 
F:  So the  what w we h have been doing i 
F:  they would like us all to read these digits . 
F:  But we don't all read them 
F:  but a couple people read them . 
F:  Uh , wanna give them all with German accents today or  ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  OK . Let 's be done with this . 
F:  OK . 
F:  this is Ami , who  
F:  And this is Tilman and Ralf . 
F:  Hi . 
F:  OK . 
F:  So we 're gonna try to finish by five so people who want to can go hear Nancy Chang 's talk , uh downstairs . 
F:  And you guys are g giving talks on tomorrow and Wednesday lunch times , 
F:  right ? 
F:  That 's great . 
F:  OK so , do y do you know what we 're gonna do ? 
F:  OK So That sounds good . 
F:  Johno , are you gonna have some time t to do that uh w with these guys ? 
F:  cuz y you 're the grammar maven . 
F:  I mean it makes sense , 
F:  doesn't it ? 
F:  Yeah Good . 
F:  OK . 
F:  So , I think that 's probably the  the right way to do that . 
F:  And an 
F:  Yeah , so I  I actually wanna f to find out about it too , 
F:  but I may not have time to get in . 
F:  OK that sounds great . 
F:  Great . 
F:  So , you guys enjoy your weekend ? 
F:  OK , before  before you got put to work ? 
F:  Great . 
F:  OK , so that 's  
F:  Sort of one branch is to get us caught up on what 's going on . 
F:  Also of course it would be really nice to know what the plans are , in addition to what 's sort of already in code . 
F:  and we can d 
F:  I dunno 
F:  w w was there uh a time when we were set up to do that ? 
F:  It probably will work better if we do it later in the week , after  we actually understand uh better what 's going on . 
F:  So when do you guys leave ? 
F:  Oh , OK , 
F:  so  
F:  OK , So  
F:  so anyt we 'll find a time later in the week to uh get together and talk about  your understanding of what SmartKom plans are . 
F:  and how we can change them . 
F:  Uh , 
F:  OK ? 
F:  um What  what does not work for me is Thursday afternoon . 
F:  I can do earlier in the day on Thursday , or  um  most of the time on Friday , 
F:  not all . 
F:  Wha - but , Johno , 
F:  what are your constraints ? 
F:  Eleven ? 
F:  Eleven on Thursday ? 
F:  Right . Right . 
F:  This is then out of deference to our non - morning people . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  And actually we can invite um Andreas as well . 
F:  Oh that 's true . 
F:  He 's off  off on his trip already . 
F:  Thilo . 
F:  OK well yeah 
F:  maybe we 'll see if David could make it . 
F:  That would be good . 
F:  Well th uh 
F:  No no . 
F:  It 's a good time to pause . 
F:  I s I see  questions on peoples ' faces , 
F:  so why don't  
F:  let 's  let 's  Let 's hear  
F:  That 's what it should do . 
F:  Right , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  let 's  let 's 
F:  That w 
F:  OK that was one question . 
F:  Is there other  other things that 
F:  cuz  we wanna not Pa - pass over any  you know , questions or concerns that you have . 
F:  Right . 
F:  So  well , let me  Let me s  expand on that a little bit from the point of view of the generation . 
F:  So the idea is that we 've actually got this all laid out an and we could show it to you ig 
F:  um Robert didn't bring it today but there 's a  a belief - net which is  
F:  There 's a first cut at a belief - net that  that doesn't  it  isn't fully uh instantiated , 
F:  and in particular some of the  the combination rules and ways of getting the  the conditional probabilities aren't there . 
F:  But we believe that we have laid out the fundamental decisions in this little space 
F:  and the things that influence them . 
F:  So one of the decisions is what we call this AVE thing . 
F:  Do you want to um access , view or enter a thing . 
F:  So that 's a a discrete decision . 
F:  There are only three possibilities and the uh  
F:  what one would like is for this uh , knowledge modeling module to add which of those it is and give it to the planner . 
F:  But , uh th the current design suggests that if it seems to be an important decision and if the belief - net is equivocal so that it doesn't say that one of these is much more probable than the other , then an option is to go back and ask for the information you want . 
F:  Alright ? 
F:  Now there are two ways one can go  a imagine doing that . 
F:  For the debugging we 'll probably just have a  a drop - down menu 
F:  and the  while you 're debugging you will just  
F:  OK . 
F:  But for a full system , then one might very well formulate a query , 
F:  give it to the dialogue planner and say this , you know ar are you know you  are you planning to enter ? 
F:  Or whatever it  whatever that might be . 
F:  So that 's  under that model 
F:  then , There would be a  uh  um a loop in which this thing would formulate a query , 
F:  presumably give it to you . 
F:  That would get expressed and then hopefully you know , you 'd get an answer  back . 
F:  And that would of course  the answer would have to be parsed . 
F:  right 
F:  and  
F:  OK so ,  th  that uh , 
F:  We probably won't do this early on , because the current focus is more on the decision making and stuff like that . 
F:  But While we 're on the subject I just wanted to give you a sort of head 's up that it could be that some months from now we said " OK we 're now ready to try to close that loop " in terms of querying about some of these decisions . 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  D did you know this Robert ? 
F:  So we ha we have to get in on that . 
F:  because um partly those are like X - schemas . 
F:  the transition diagrams . 
F:  And it may be that  that um we should early on make sure that they have the flexibility that we need . 
F:  So there 's ac so there  th the word " action " , OK , is  is what 's ambiguous here . 
F:  So , um one thing is there 's an actual planner that tells the person in the tourist domain now , 
F:  per tells the person how to go , 
F:  " First go here , 
F:  first go there 
F:  uh , you know , take a bus " , 
F:  whatever it is . 
F:  So that 's that form of planning , and action , and a route planner and GIS , all sort of stuff . 
F:  uh But I think that isn't what you mean . 
F:  Well , OK , 
F:  so that 's what I thought . 
F:  So action he action here means dia uh speech ac uh you know dialogue act . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Um , I think tha I think it 's not going to  I think that 's not going to be good enough . 
F:  I I don what uh  what I meant by that . 
F:  So I think the idea of having a , you know , transition diagram for the grammar of conversations is a good idea . 
F:  OK ? 
F:  And I think that we do hav definitely have to get in on it and find out  OK . 
F:  But I think that um 
F:  when  so , when you get to the tourist domain it 's not just an information retrieval system . 
F:  Right ? 
F:  So this i this is where I think this  
F:  people are gonna have to think this through a bit more carefully . 
F:  So , if it 's only like in  in the  in the film and T V thing , 
F:  OK , you can do this . 
F:  And you just get information and give it to people . 
F:  But what happens when you actually get them moving and so forth and so on 
F:  Uh , y y your  I d I think the notion of this as a self contained uh module 
F:  you know th the functional module that  that interacts with  with where the tourism g stuff is going  probably is too restrictive . 
F:  Now I dunno how much people have thought ahead to the tourist domain in this 
F:  Yeah 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Indeed . 
F:  Right . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Could you  could you put a message into the right place to see if we can at least ask that question ? 
F:  Yeah , th there  there  I think there are a lot of reasons why it matters . 
F:  OK , 
F:  so that 
F:  uh , 
F:  for example , the i it 's the action planner is going to take some spec and s make some suggestions about what the user should do . 
F:  What the user says after that is going to be very much caught up with what the action planner told it . 
F:  If the  If the parser and the language end doesn't know what the person 's been told 
F:  OK 
F:  th it 's you 're making your life much more difficult than it has to be . 
F:  Right ? 
F:  So if someone says the best t to uh go there is by taxi , 
F:  let 's say . 
F:  Now the planner comes out and says you wanna get there fast , 
F:  take a taxi . 
F:  OK . 
F:  And the language end doesn't know that . 
F:  OK , there 's all sorts of dialogues that won't make any sense which would be just fine . 
F:  uh 
F:  Yeah , but this is not the st this is not just the state of the discourse . 
F:  This is actually the state of the plan . 
F:  That 's why 
F:  OK so it  z 
F:  and s 
F:  uh , It 's great if people are already taking that into account . 
F:  But One would have t have to see  see the details . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  So anyway , Robert , that 's why I was thinking that 
F:  um 
F:  I think you 're gonna need  
F:  We talked about this several times that  that  the  the input end is gonna need a fair amount of feedback from the planning end . 
F:  In  in one of these things which are  are much more continuous than the  just the dialogue over movies and stuff . 
F:  Hmm ? 
F:  Would there be any chance of getting the terminology changed so that the dialogue planner was called a " dialogue planner " ? 
F:  Because there 's this other thing The o There 's this other thing in  in the tourist domain which is gonna be a route planner 
F:  or  It 's really gonna be an action planner . 
F:  And  i it  
F:  I would think , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  Huh ? 
F:  So , s So what would happen if we sent a note saying " Gee we 've talked about this and couldn't we change this uh th the whole word ? " 
F:  I have no idea how complicated these things are . 
F:  OK , 
F:  anyway . 
F:  I if  if that c in persists then we 're gonna need another term . for the thing that actually does the planning of the uh routes and whatever we are doing for the tourist . 
F:  Yeah , but that 's not g eh tha 
F:  That ha has all the wrong connotations . 
F:  it 's  it sounds like it 's you know stand alone . 
F:  It doesn't interact , 
F:  it doesn't 
F:  That 's why I 'm saying . 
F:  I think you can't  
F:  it 's fine for looking up when T you know when the show 's on TV . 
F:  You go to th 
F:  but I  I  I  I think it 's really  really wrong headed for something that you  that has a lot of state , 
F:  it 's gonna interact co in a complicated way with the uh understanding parts . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I I totally agree . 
F:  Sure . 
F:  Yeah I  I agree . 
F:  There is  there 's a logic to dialogue which  which is  is separable . 
F:  I 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  It 's tricky . 
F:  It 's tricky because one could well imagine  
F:  I think it will turn out to be the case that uh , this thing we 're talking about , th the extended n uh knowledge modeler will fill in some parameters about what the person wants . 
F:  One could well imagine that the next thing that 's trying to fill out the detailed uh , route planning , let 's say , will also have questions that it would like to ask the user . 
F:  You could well imagine you get to a point where it 's got a  a choice to make and it just doesn't know something . 
F:  And so y you would like it t also be able to uh formulate a query . 
F:  And to run that back through uh . the dialogue manager and to the output module and back around . 
F:  And a I a a good design would  would allow that to happen . 
F:  If  if you know if  if you can't make it happen then you  you do your best . 
F:  I totally agree . 
F:  But  but what it nee 
F:  but th what the point is the 
F:  in that case the dialogue manager is sort of event driven . 
F:  So the dialogue manager may think it 's in a dialogue state of one sort , 
F:  and this  one of these planning modules comes along and says " hey , right now we need to ask a question " . 
F:  So that forces the dialogue manager to change state . 
F:  OK . 
F:  It could be y 
F:  Yeah , yeah it  it  
F:  OK . 
F:  Oh , yeah , yeah . 
F:  How 's it  
F:  S so uh y we  we looked at the e current pattern matching thing . 
F:  And as you say it 's just a surface pattern matcher . 
F:  Uh , So what are  what are the plans roughly ? 
F:  So , the um  
F:  So the idea is to uh  have a pa y y a particular  
F:  Do you have a particular parser in mind ? 
F:  Is it uh  partic d 
F:  I mean have you thought through  ? 
F:  Is it an HPSG parser ? 
F:  Is it a whatever ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  Oh , you have to do it . 
F:  You have to do it , 
F:  yeah . 
F:  I see , 
F:  so 
F:  But the people at D F 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  People at DFKI have written a fair number of parsers . 
F:  Other  you know , people over the years . uh have written various parsers at DFKI . 
F:  None of them are suitable ? 
F:  I  I  I d I 'm asking . 
F:  I don't know . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  Mm - hmm . 
F:  OK . 
F:  So , um  So there was a chunk parser in Verbmobil , that was one of the uh branchers . 
F:  You know they  d th I c 
F:  There were these various uh , competing uh syntax modules . 
F:  And I know one of them was a chunk parser 
F:  and I don't remember  who did that . 
F:  Yeah I d I don't remember . 
F:  Uh . I see . 
F:  Yeah , that 's right . 
F:  There w 
F:  That 's right . 
F:  They w They had  There were  This was done with a two phase thing , where  the chunk parser itself was pretty stupid 
F:  and then there was a kind of trying to fit them together that h used more context . 
F:  Right ? 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  But is that the kind of thing y 
F:  It sounds like the kind of thing that you were thinking of . 
F:  What ? 
F:  Hmm . 
F:  Of course . 
F:  But  But uh given th the constraints , that you want it to be small and fast and so forth , my guess is you 're probably into some kind of chunk parsing . 
F:  And uh I 'm not a big believer in this um statistical you know , cleaning up 
F:  uh 
F:  It  That seems to me kind of a last resort if uh you can't do it any other way . 
F:  uh 
F:  but I dunno . 
F:  It may  i i may be that 's what you guys finally decide do . 
F:  Uh . 
F:  And have you looked  
F:  uh just  again for context  
F:  There is this  this one that they did at SRI some years ago  
F:  Fastus ? 
F:  a  
F:  ah ! 
F:  It is . 
F:  Yeah . 
F:  I mean  it 's  it was pretty ambitious . 
F:  And of course it was English oriented , 
F:  um w 
F:  Right . 
F:  Yeah , I guess that 's the point is  is all the morphology and stuff . 
F:  And English is all th all word order . 
F:  And it makes a lot more sense . 
F:  And  e 
F:  Yeah , OK . 
F:  Good point . 
F:  So in  in  in German you 've got uh most of this done with 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  So what about 
F:  Um 
F:  Did y 
F:  like Morfix ? 
F:  a a e y you 've got stemmers ? 
F:  Or is that something that  
F:  But did you have that ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  I see . 
F:  So , but  
F:  So y you just connect to the lexicon 
F:  and uh 
F:  at least for German you have all  all of the  uh the stemming information . 
F:  Yep . 
F:  Right . 
F:  But it  it  it doesn't look like i you 're using it . 
F:  I didn't n see it being used in the current template uh parser . 
F:  I  I didn't see any Uh  
F:  of course we l actually only looked at the English . 
F:  Did we look at the German ? 
F:  I don't remember . 
F:  So w wha 
F:  i 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  And that 's what you have . 
F:  OK . 
F:  What  
F:  uh I didn't reme 
F:  Huh ? 
F:  Oh OK , 
F:  so it  yeah , s s I thought I 'd  
F:  So in German then you actually do case matching and things like in the  in the pattern matcher or not ? 
F:  OK . 
F:  Cuz I r I didn't reme I didn't think I saw it . 
F:  Have we looked at the German ? 
F:  Oh , I haven 
F:  yeah 
F:  that 's  getting it from the lexicon is just fine . 
F:  Yeah , yeah , yeah . 
F:  No problem with that . 
F:  um 
F:  Yeah and here 's the case where the English and the German might really be significantly different . 
F:  In terms of if you 're trying to build some fast parser and so forth 
F:  and  
F:  You really might wanna do it in a significantly different way . 
F:  I don't know . 
F:  So you 've  you guys have looked at this ? 
F:  also ? 
F:  in terms of You know , w if you 're doing this for English as well as German 
F:  Um Do you think now that it would be this  doing it similarly ? 
F:  Set . 
F:  Mmm . 
F:  OK . 
F:  Interesting . 
F:  Not easy . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Right . 
F:  Now actually , 
F:  um 
F:  Are you guys free at five ? 
F:  Or  Do you have to go somewhere at five o ' clock tonight ? 
F:  W in ten minutes ? 
F:  Great . 
F:  So you 're going to that . 
F:  That 's good , because that will uh tell you a fair amount about The form of semantic construction grammar that we 're using . 
F:  so  So I th I think that probably as good an introduction as you 'll get . 
F:  Uh to the form of  of uh  conceptual grammar that  that w we have in mind for this . 
F:  It won't talk particularly about how that relates to what uh Robert was saying at the beginning . 
F:  But let me give you a very short version of this . 
F:  So we talked about the fact that There 're going to be a certain number of decisions That you want the knowledge modeler to make , that will be then fed to the function module , that does uh , route planning . 
F:  It 's called the " route planner " or something . 
F:  So there are these decisions . 
F:  And then one half of this we talked about at little bit is how if you had the right information , 
F:  if you knew something about what was said 
F:  and about th the something about was the agent a tourist or a native or a business person 
F:  or uh young or old , 
F:  whatever . 
F:  That information , 
F:  and also about the 
F:  Uh , what we 're calling " the entity " , 
F:  Is it a castle , 
F:  is it a bank ? 
F:  Is it a s town square , 
F:  is it a statue ? 
F:  Whatever . 
F:  So all that kind of information could be combined into decision networks and give you decisions . 
F:  But the other half of the problem is How would you get that kind of information from the parsed input ? 
F:  So , um 
F:  So what you might try to do is just build more templates , saying uh 
F:  we 're trying to build a templ 
F:  you know build a template that w uh somehow would capture the fact that he wants to take a picture . 
F:  OK ? 
F:  And  and we could  you could do this . 
F:  And it 's a small enough domain that probably you , you know  
F:  OK . 
F:  You could do this . 
F:  But uh from our point of view this is also a research project 
F:  and there are a couple of people not here for various reasons who are doing doctoral dissertations on this , 
F:  and the idea that we 're really after is a very deep semantics based on cognitive linguistics 
F:  and the notion that there are a relatively small number of primitive conceptual schemas that characterize a lot of activity . 
F:  So a typical one in this formulation is a container . 
F:  So this is a static thing . 
F:  And the notion is that all sorts of physical situations are characterized in terms of containers . 
F:  Going in and out the portals and con 
F:  OK . 
F:  But also , importantly for Lakoff and these guys is all sorts of metaphorical things are also characterized this way . 
F:  You get in trouble and you know et cetera 
F:  and so  s 
F:  So , what we 're really trying to do is to map from the discourse to the conceptual semantics level . 
F:  And from there to the appropriate decisions . 
F:  So another one of these primitive , what are called " image schemas " , is uh goal seeking . 
F:  So this a notion of a source , path , goal , trajector , possibly obstacles . 
F:  And the idea is this is another conceptual primitive . 
F:  And that all sorts of things , particularly in the tourist domain , can be represented in terms of uh source , path and goal . 
F:  So the idea would be could we build an analyser that would take an utterance 
F:  and say " Aha ! 
F:  th this utterance is talking about an attempt to reach a goal . 
F:  The goal is this , 
F:  the pers the , uh traveller is that , 
F:  uh 
F:  the sor w where we are at now is is this , 
F:  they 've mentioned possible obstacles , et cetera . " 
F:  So th the  and this is an  again attempt to get very wide coverage . 
F:  So if you can do this , then the notion would be that across a very large range of domains , you could use this deep conceptual basis as the interface . 
F:  And then , 
F:  uh 
F:  The processing of that , both on the input end , recognizing that certain words in a language talk about containers or goals , et cetera , 
F:  and on the output end , given this kind of information , you can then uh make decisions about what actions to take . 
F:  Provides , they claim , a very powerful , general notion of deep semantics . 
F:  So that 's what we 're really doing . 
F:  And 
F:  Nancy is going to  
F:  Her talk is going to be not about using this in applications , but about modeling how children might learn this kind of uh deep semantic grammar . 
F:  Well that 's  that 's  that 's where the belief - net comes in . 
F:  So th the idea is , 
F:  let 's take this business about going to the Powder - Tower . 
F:  So part of what you 'll get out of this will be the fact tha w 
F:  if it works right , 
F:  OK , that this is an agent that wants to go to this place 
F:  and that 's their goal 
F:  and there will be additional situational information . 
F:  Uh , OK , 
F:  part of it comes from the ontology . 
F:  The tower is this kind of object . 
F:  Part of it comes from the user model . 
F:  And the idea of the belief - net is it combines the information from the dialogue which comes across in this general way , 
F:  you know this is a  this is a goal seeking behavior , along with specific information from the ontology about the kinds of objects involved 
F:  and about the situation about " Is it raining ? " 
F:  I don't know . 
F:  Whatever it is . 
F:  And so that 's the belief - net that we 've laid out . 
F:  And so th the coupling to the situation comes in this model from , at th at th at the belief - net , combining evidence from the dialogue with the ontology with the situation . 
F:  But Nancy isn't gonna talk about that , 
F:  just about the um 
F:  Right . 
F:  The  the construction grammar . 
F:  In a minute . 
F:  OK . 
