D:  Mony on the mike . 
D:  Tasting one two three , tasting . 
D:  Can you see me on channel four ? 
D:  Really ? 
D:  My lucky day . 
D:  I like the high quality labelling . 
D:  David , can we borrow your labelling machine to improve the quality of the labelling a little bit here ? 
D:  How  how many are there , 
D:  one to five ? 
D:  Yeah , please . 
D:  Want to join the meeting , Dave ? 
D:  Do we  do  do we have a spare , uh  
D:  We ' r we 're  
D:  we ' r This is  this  this is a meeting meeting . 
D:  So , I don't understand 
D:  if it 's neck mounted you don't get very good performance . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  It  it should be head mounted . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  Cuz when you do this , you can  
D:  Rouww - Rouww . 
D:  Why ? 
D:  What do you mean it doesn't go over the ears ? 
D:  Somebody wanna  
D:  Somebody wanna close the door ? 
D:  Psss ! 
D:  Oh , that 's good . 
D:  But number has to be  ? 
D:  So we have to look up the number . 
D:  OK , good . 
D:  This is Beck on mike four . 
D:  Yeah , but Eric , uh , you didn't think that was a reasonable hypothesis , right ? 
D:  Oh , I 'm sorry y 
D:  That was malarkey . 
D:  No chance of that . 
D:  Are - are yo are you recording where the table mikes are by the way ? 
D:  Do you know which channels  
D:  Why not ? 
D:  Why don't you just do this ? 
D:  Four . 
D:  Three . 
D:  Wait till the projector gets installed . 
D:  Cuz it 's gonna hang down , make noise . 
D:  Well , <laugh> it depends on 
D:  Is this b is this being recorded ? 
D:  Uh , I think Lila actually is almost getting r pretty close to even getting ready to put out the purchase order . 
D:  I handed it off to her about a month ago . 
D:  u Using , like , audio D V Ds or something like that ? 
D:  Audio D V 
D:  Or t 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  tapes . 
D:  A field trip . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  An - and there 's interest up there ? 
D:  There 's interest up there ? 
D:  Including the fan . 
D:  Did you notice the fan difference ? 
D:  Hear the difference ? 
D:  Do you wanna leave it off or not ? 
D:  Yeah , the  You sure ? 
D:  You  <inbreath> You think that  
D:  things after the f then 
D:  This fan 's wired backwards by the way . 
D:  Uh , I think this is high speed here . 
D:  Well , not clear . 
D:  Maybe it  Maybe it isn't . 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  I was wondering also , Get ready .  whether the lights made any noise . 
D:  So , <laugh> do our meetings in the dark with no air conditioning in the future . 
D:  Short meetings , 
D:  that 's right . 
D:  Or  
D:  Yeah , sort of  r r 
D:  Tear t  Tear your clothing off to stay cool . 
D:  Actually , the a th air  the air conditioning 's still working , 
D:  that 's just an auxiliary fan . 
D:  Tr 
D:  But far field means great distance ? 
D:  I mean  
D:  Not head mounted ? 
D:  And so that 's why they 're getting away with just two channels or something , 
D:  or are they using multiple DATs ? 
D:  Still a point . 
D:  That would be a meeting meeting meeting ? 
D:  Thi - this is the process of converting audio to text ? 
D:  And this requires humans just like the  the STP stuff . 
D:  I is there already some sort of plan in place for how this gonna be staffed or done ? 
D:  Or is it real  is that what we 're talking about here ? 
D:  Yourself ? 
D:  It  this is  this is like five times real time or ten times real time  
D:  And so you make Jane do the first one 
D:  so then she can decide , oh , we don't need all this stuff , 
D:  just the words are fine . 
D:  Can't we get Joy to do it all ? 
D:  Is tha wasn't that what she was doing before ? 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  that 's right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , the answer is zero . 
D:  There 's a reason why he 's resisted . 
D:  But . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , we already  we already  <laugh> We already have a plan in place for the first meeting . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  That 's  
D:  Well , i b but seriously , I  I mean , Morgan 's obviously in a bind over this 
D:  and thing to do is just the field of dreams theory , 
D:  which is we we go ahead as though there will be money at the time that we need the money . 
D:  And that 's  that 's the best we can do . 
D:  i b To not do anything until we get money is  is ridiculous . 
D:  We 're not gonna do any  get anything done if we do that . 
D:  I d do  So until you actually <breath> have a little experience with what this  this French thing does we don't even have  
D:  Oh , we have . 
D:  I 'm sorry . 
D:  So that 's where you came up with the f the ten X number ? 
D:  Or is that really just a guess ? 
D:  Yeah i 
D:  D does uh  this tool you 're using is strictly  
D:  it doesn't do any speech recognition does it ? 
D:  But  but is there anyway to  to wire a speech recognizer up to it 
D:  and actually run it through  
D:  Well , a couple things . 
D:  First of all the time marking you 'd get  you could get by a tool . 
D:  And so if the  if  if the issue really 
D:  uh , I 'm think about the close caption that you see running by on  on live news casts . 
D:  You know , yo 
D:  I know  I know that . 
D:  No , I understand . 
D:  And  in a lot of them you see typos and things like that , 
D:  but it  but it occurs to me that <breath> it may be a lot easier to correct things than it is to do things from scratch , no matter how wonderful the tool is . 
D:  But if  if there was a way to merge the two  
D:  Well s but  but again the timing is for fr should be for free . 
D:  The timing should be  
D:  Well I thought you just  that 's  said that was a critical issue . 
D:  a 
D:  i a 
D:  ar but 
D:  Are  are those d delays adjustable ? 
D:  Those delays adjustable ? 
D:  See a lot of people who actually build stuff with human computer interfaces <breath> understand that delay , 
D:  and  and so when you  by the time you click it it 'll be right on because it 'll go back in time to put the  
D:  If  
D:  if we can go from ten X to five X we 're doing a big  
D:  Put  put it on your sweater . 
D:  Is this already in the past or already in the future ? 
D:  You 've already  you 've already done some ? 
D:  Oh - Oh , I see . 
D:  OK , 
D:  good . 
D:  And forgetting all the words because you 've been thr 
D:  And then  then w since we need some statistics do it three more . 
D:  And so you 'll get  you 'll get down to one point two X by the time you get done . 
D:  No , but the thing is the fact that she 's  she 's did it before just might give a lower bound . 
D:  That 's all . 
D:  Uh , which is fine . 
D:  It 's  
D:  And if the lower bound is nine X then w it 's a waste of time . 
D:  A little double - blind - ear kind of thing . 
D:  And the thing to keep in mind too about this tool , guys is that <breath> sure , you can do the computation for what we 're gonna do in the future 
D:  but if  if UW 's talking about doing two , or three , or five times as much stuff and they can use the same tool , then obviously there 's a real multiplier there . 
D:  Well , use it . 
D:  Yeah , that 's why we s bought the expensive microphones . 
D:  But you didn't say anything worth while anyway , right ? 
D:  Using wh using stone age 
D:  using stone age tools . 
D:  Right . 
D:  D did you talk to anybody that does closed captioning for  for uh , TV ? 
D:  Cuz they a usually at the end of the show they 'll tell what the name of the company is , the captioning company that 's doing it . 
D:  Well , you know , the  the thing  the thing about this is thinking kind of , maybe a little more globally than I should here 
D:  but  <breath> that really this could be a big contribution we could make . 
D:  Uh , I mean , we 've been through the STP thing , 
D:  we know what it  what it 's like to  to manage the  manage the process , 
D:  and admittedly they might have been looking for more detail than what we 're looking for here 
D:  but <breath> it was a  it was a big hassle , 
D:  right ? 
D:  I mean , uh , you know , they  they constantly could 've reminding people and going over it . 
D:  And clearly some new stuff needs to be done here . 
D:  And it 's  it 's only <breath> our time , where " our " of course includes Dan , <laugh> Dan and you guys . 
D:  It doesn't include me at all . 
D:  Uh . 
D:  j Just seems like  
D:  Bec 
D:  Why ? 
D:  Because they wanted a lot more detail ? 
D:  Only had two . 
D:  Oh , I see . 
D:  So what took them so long ? 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  I see . 
D:  But there 's still the same issue of managing the process , of  <breath> of reviewing and keeping the files straight , and all this stuff , that  which is clearly a hassle . 
D:  Well , they might  <breath> they might quote it  
D:  Th - th the th there may be just multiplier for five people costs twice as much and for ten people co  Something like that . 
D:  A lot of companies I 've worked for y the , uh  the person leading the meeting , the executive or whatever , would sort of go around the room and  and mentally calculate h how many dollars per hour this meeting was costing , 
D:  right ? 
D:  In university <laugh> atmosphere you get a little different thing . 
D:  But 
D:  you know , it 's a lot like , " he 's worth fifty an hour , 
D:  he 's worth  " 
D:  And so he so here we 're thinking , " well let 's see , if the meeting goes another hour it 's going to be another thousand dollars . " 
D:  You know ? 
D:  It 's  
D:  So ch <breath> So every everybody ta Talk really fast . 
D:  Let 's get it over with . 
D:  And 
D:  only talk when you 're pointed to . 

D:  And we 're talking about do doing how many hours worth of meetings ? 
D:  So thirty or forty thousand dollars . 
D:  Oh . 
D:  What  Well , it was thirty times  
D:  Oh , I 'm sorry , 
D:  three hundred . 
D:  Right , 
D:  I w got an extra factor of three there . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  The - these are not for engineering graduate students , right ? 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  Just hypoth hypothetically assuming that  that we go ahead and ended up using graduate students . 
D:  I who  who 's the person in charge ? 
D:  Who 's gonna be the Steve here ? 
D:  You ? 
D:  You know , it just means you have to stop working for Dave . 
D:  See ? 
D:  That 's why Dave should have been here . 
D:  To pr protect his people . 
D:  W we 'd like you to do it 
D:  and we 'd like to pay you . 
D:  Not being Morgan though , it 's  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And  and then  
D:  an an an and be and be sure and say , would you like fries with that when you 're thinking about your pay scale . 
D:  Is there a limit to the number of speakers ? 
D:  Do y is this a , uh , university project ? 
D:  Th - this is the French software , right ? 
D:  eh 
D:  Uh , did you ask them to change the interface for more speakers ? 
D:  Good . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Do - do you know what they 're using it for ? 
D:  Why 'd they develop it ? 
D:  Are they linguists ? 
D:  But I mean , are they  are they linguists or are they speech recognition people ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Great . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Good . 
D:  Their pre pre - lay . 
D:  Loop it ? 
D:  Yo - you n you know , there 's al also the  the user interface that 's missing . 
D:  It 's missing from all of our offices , 
D:  and that is some sort of analog input for something like this . 
D:  It 's what audio people actually use of course . 
D:  It 's something that wh <breath> when you move your hand further , the sound goes faster past it , 
D:  like fast forward . 
D:  You know , like a joy stick 
D:  or a  uh , you could wire a mouse or trackball to do something like that . 
D:  No , but I 'm saying if this is what professionals who actually do this kind of thing for  for  for  m for video or for audio  <breath> where you  you need to do this , 
D:  and so you get very good at sort of jostling back and forth , rather than hitting tab , and backspace , and carriage return , and enter , and things like that . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Ye - Yeah . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Cool . 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  Uh - huh . 
D:  I 'll be right back . 
D:  So you take a bathroom break in the middle and  and keep your head mount 
D:  Oh , you do ? 
D:  he he 
D:  It was a lot funnier if you were there though . 
D:  So th 
D:  So this is  this is gonna go on the meeting meeting transcriber bloopers tape , right ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Great . 
D:  I think whenever we use these speech words we should always <breath> do the thing like you 're talking about , accent , 
D:  Well , what 's that mean ? 
D:  You mean re 
D:  ye s Oh . 
D:  Silence all around . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  But you 're saying that by the time you call it back in to  from their saved format it opens up a window with window with five speakers ? 
D:  Oh ! 
D:  That is sort of  f 
D:  They didn't quite go the whole  
D:  Yeah , they didn't go the whole route , 
D:  did they ? 
D:  They just  
D:  Right . 
D:  So your  your script solves  Doesn't it solve all our problems , 
D:  cuz we 're always gonna wanna go through this preprocessing  
D:  uh , assuming it works . 
D:  I see . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Good . 
D:  It l ou 
D:  So thirty to one 's what you got ? 
D:  So that 's a new upper limit ? 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  a 
D:  It 'd b a a 
D:  d Doesn't it beep in the other room when you 're out of disk space ? 
D:  Get  get paid for click - throughs ? 
D:  You wanna word that won't be recognized ? 
D:  Web site 's what ? 
D:  But he does such a good job of it . 
D:  He should be allowed to  to , you know , w do it . 
D:  If you just did a crappy job , <laugh> no nobody would want you to do it . 
D:  Why ? 
D:  What  what 's  what 's the issue ? 
D:  No one what ? 
D:  W well  Do  But  
D:  But  
D:  b but  but  but what are you  what are you talking about for web site hacking ? 
D:  You 're talking about writing HTML , right ? 
D:  But , is it against the law to actually use a tool to help your job go easier ? 
D:  You y 
D:  No kidding ? 
D:  No , it it it 's obviously true that he hasn't found any he likes . 
D:  The question is what is  what 's he looked at . 
D:  I use something called Trellix . 
D:  And it  
D:  it 's - it it 's very powerful . 
D:  Well , yeah , 
D:  but what does internal mean ? 
D:  I mean , you 're leaving . 
D:  People at UW wanna look at it . 
D:  I mean , it 's  it 's internal  until  
D:  I see . 
D:  Right . 
D:  I agree . 
D:  Cuz you 're gonna have to wor do the work sooner or later . 
D:  Even if it 's just writing things up . 
D:  You know ? 
D:  d we  we out of tape  out of disk ? 
D:  I  I was looking for the actual box I plan to use , 
D:  uh , 
D:  but I  c all I could  I couldn't find it at the local store . 
D:  But this is <breath> the  the technology . It 's actually a little bit thinner than this . 
D:  And it 's two by two , by one , 
D:  and it would fit right under the  right under th the the  the  the lip , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  There 's a lip in these tables . 
D:  And , it oc I p especially brought the bottom along to try and generate some frequencies that you may not already have recorded . 
D:  Let 's see  <breath> see what it does to the  
D:  But this was the uh  just  just to review , 
D:  and I also brought this  along rather than the projector so we can put these on the table , and sort of w push them around . 
D:  That  that 's the six tables that we 're looking at . 
D:  These six tables here , <breath> with  with little boxes sort of , uh , in the middle here . 
D:  Which es would  
D:  I mean , the  the boxes are pretty much out of the way anyway . 
D:  I 'll - I 'll show you the  <breath> the cro 
D:  this is the table cross section . 
D:  I don't know if people realize what they 're looking at . 
D:  Well why not ? 
D:  I mean , cuz this is what 's gonna happen . 
D:  You got plenty of data . 
D:  I won't come to your next meeting . 
D:  And  and  
D:  and you So this is the box 's  
D:  That 's right . 
D:  " Or not to be " . 
D:  Yeah , yeah . 
D:  Uh , the box , uh  there 's a half inch lip here . 
D:  The box is an inch thick 
D:  so it hangs down a half an inch . 
D:  And so the  the two <breath> head set jacks would be in the front 
D:  and then the little LED to indicate that that box is live . 
D:  The  the important issue about the LED is the fact that we 're talking about eight of these total , which would be sixteen channels . 
D:  And , uh , even though we have sixteen channels back at the capture , they 're not all gonna be used for this . 
D:  So there 'd be a subset of them used for  obviously j just use the ones at this end for  <breath> for this many . 
D:  So  
D:  Excuse me . 
D:  you 'd like a  a way to tell whether your box is live , so the LED wouldn't be on . 
D:  So if you 're plugged in it doesn't work and the LED is off that 's  that 's a tip off . 
D:  And then the , uh  would wire the  all of the cables in a  in a bundle come through here and o obviously collect these cables at the same time . 
D:  Uh , so this  this notion of putting down the P Z Ms <breath> and taking them away would somehow have to be turned into leaving them on the table 
D:  or  or  
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  And so the  you  we just epoxy them down or something . 
D:  Big screw into the table . 
D:  Uh , 
D:  and even though there 's eight cables they 're not really very big around 
D:  so my model is to get a  a  a p piece of  
D:  yeah , that  that stuff that people put with the little  you slip the wires into that 's <breath> sort of shaped like that cross section . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I 'm  I 'm r a I 'm going up and then I 'm going down . 
D:  Yeah , it 's like a speed bum <breath> An 
D:  And they 're ac they 're actually ext extruded from plastic . 
D:  They sorta look like this . 
D:  So that the wires go through here . 
D:  So . 
D:  s 
D:  So it would c basically go on the diagonal here . 
D:  Uh , because the  
D:  Because they 're there . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And to  See , thi this is really the way people sit on this table . 
D:  Th 
D:  Uh . 
D:  Dot , dot , dot . 
D:  Well that  that 's the way people sit . 
D:  That 's how many chairs are in the room . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Right . 
D:  And certainly you could do a thing where all sixteen were plugged in . 
D:  Uh if  if you ha if you had nothing else . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  I agree . 
D:  Oh , true enough . 
D:  And actually , at the m my plan is to only bring eight wires out of this box . 
D:  This  this box  
D:  Thi - thi thi this box is a one off deal . 
D:  Uh . 
D:  And , uh , it 's function is to s to , uh , essentially a wire converter to go from these little blue wires to these black wires , 
D:  plus supply power to the microphones 
D:  cuz the  the  he the , uh , cheap head mounteds all require low voltage . 
D:  Well I w I I 
D:  the simplest thing I could imagine , i which is really , really simple is to  quite literally that these things plug in . 
D:  And there 's a  there 's a plug on the end of each of these  these , uh , ei eight cables . 
D:  An - and there 's only  there 's only four slots that are  you know , in  in the first version or the version we 're planning to  to build . 
D:  So <breath> that  that was the whole issue with the LED , 
D:  that you plug it in , the LED comes on , and  and  and you 're live . 
D:  Now the  the  <laugh> the subtle issue here is that  tha I  I haven't really figured out a solution for this . 
D:  So , we it 'll have to be convention . 
D:  What happens if somebody unplugs this because they plug in more of something else ? 
D:  Well the  there 's no clever way to let the up stream guys know that you 're really not being powered . 
D:  So  
D:  th there will be a certain amount of looking at cables has to be done if people , uh , rewire things . 
D:  But . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  How interesting . 
D:  D did you do any recognition on the mix  mix out ? 
D:  Wonder whether it works any  
D:  Got the fifth ? 
D:  Cool . 
D:  Is it  is  
D:  Ain't science wonderful ? 
D:  So  
D:  Uh , 
D:  well I was wrestling with th with literally the w number of connectors in the cable and the  <breath> the , uh , <breath> powering system . 
D:  And I  I was gonna do this very clever phantom power 
D:  and I decided a couple days ago not to do it . 
D:  So I 'm ready to build it . 
D:  Which is to say , uh , the neighborhood of a week to get the circuit board done . 
D:  I agree . 
D:  Well I can build a cabinet . 
D:  The  the difficulty for this kind of project is the intellectual capital to design the cabinet . 
D:  In other words , to figure out ex exactly what the right thing is . 
D:  That cabinet can  can go away . 
D:  We can use that for  for uh kindling or something . 
D:  But if you can imagine what the right form factor is . 
D:  Dan - Dan and I have sort of gone around on this , and we were thinking about something that opened up in the top <breath> to allow access to the mixer for example . 
D:  But there 's these things sticking out of the mixer which are kind of a pain , 
D:  so you end up with this thing that  
D:  if if you stuck the mixer up here and the top opened , it 'd be  it 'd be fine . 
D:  You wouldn't necessarily  
D:  Well , 
D:  you s understand what I 'm  
D:  the  the  you can  you can start  start s sketching it out , 
D:  and I can certainly build it out of oak 
D:  no problem , 
D:  would it  you know , arb you know , arbitrarily amount of  
D:  Well , the  as we found out with the  the thing that , uh , Jeff bought a long time ago to hold our stereo system <breath> the stuff you buy is total crap . 
D:  And I mean this is something you buy . 
D:  And  and  
D:  It 's total crap . 
D:  Well , it 's useless for this function . 
D:  Works fine for holding a Kleenex , 
D:  but it  
D:  Right . 
D:  Oh , 
D:  I  I 'm paid for . 
D:  I have no problem . 
D:  No , but w certainly one of the issues is  is the , uh  is security . 
D:  I mean , we 've been  been  been lax and lucky . 
D:  Really lucky with these things . 
D:  But they 're not ours , 
D:  so  
D:  the , uh  the flat panels . 
D:  Uh , let the record show at  uh <laugh> at f four thirty - five <laugh> Adam Janin says  
D:  Slipped  almost slipped it by Dan . 
D:  How about use the thing that um ACIRI 's doing . 
D:  Which is to say just laptop with a wireless . 
D:  What 's wrong with yours ? 
D:  If we bought you a  a  
D:  What ? 
D:  N no , 
D:  I 'm  I 'm  I 'm serious . 
D:  Does  does the wireless thing work on your  
D:  Yeah  no  no I 'm a I  I  I ain't joking here . 
D:  I 'm serious , that  that  <breath> it  it  
D:  It 's very convenient especially if Dan happens to be sitting at that end of the table to not have to run down here and  and look in the thing every so often , 
D:  but just have the  
D:  It 's right there . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  The antenna 's right there , 
D:  right outside the  
D:  Y I mean , we need  obviously need to clear this with ACIRI 
D:  but , uh , 
D:  how tough can that be ? 
D:  There  it you 'd  all you need 's web access , isn't it ? 
D:  In  in theory . 
D:  OK , 
D:  great , 
D:  great . 
D:  No , 
D:  and he  he had , reque @ @  
D:  my  my proposal is you have a laptop . 
D:  You don't ? 
D:  If  if we bought you the thing would you mind using it with i the  the  
D:  Really ? 
D:  Your new one ? 
D:  I 'm sorry ? 
D:  I thought it just came through a serial p or an Ethernet port . 
D:  I  e 
D:  But the two t 
D:  Well , uh , b that  to me that 's a whole nother . That 's a whole nother issue . 
D:  The  the idea of con convincing them that we should use their network i is fairly straight forward . 
D:  The idea of being able to walk into their office and say , " oh , can I borrow your machine for a while " , is  is  is a non - starter . 
D:  That  I  I don't think that 's gonna work . 
D:  So , I mean , either  either we figure out how to use a machine somebody already  in the group already owns , <breath> a a and the idea is that if it 's it perk , you know , it 's an advantage not  not a disadvan  <breath> or else we  we literally buy a machine e exactly for that purpose . 
D:  Certainly it solves a lot of the problems with leaving a monitor out here all the time . 
D:  I  I  I  I 'm  I 'm not a big fan of doing things to the room that make the room less attractive for other people , 
D:  right ? 
D:  Which is part of the reason for getting all this stuff out of the way 
D:  and  <breath> and , so a monitor sitting here all the time you know people are gonna walk up to it and go , " how come I can't get , you know , Pong on this " or , whatev 
D:  Right . 
D:  Well , the next conference they will . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Well , uh , the  certainly , u you should give it a shot first See whether you you can get compatible stuff . 
D:  Uh , ask them what it costs . 
D:  Ask them if they have an extra one . 
D:  Who knows , they might have an extra <breath> hardware s 
D:  Good . 
D:  Uh , the , uh  Tsk . 
D:  It 's gonna be hooked up to all sorts of junk . 
D:  There 's gonna be actually a  a plug at the front that 'll connect to people 's laptops so you can walk in and plug it in . 
D:  And it 's gonna be con connected to the machine at the back . 
D:  So we certainly could use that as  as a constant reminder of what the VU meters are doing . 
D:  So people sitting here  are going <breath> " testing , one , two , three " ! 
D:  It  a 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  But  but  but I think the idea of having a control panel it 's  that 's there in front of you is really cool . 
D:  R 
D:  As long as you d as l as long as you 're not tempted to sit there and f keep fiddling with the volume controls going , " can you talk a bit louder ? " 
D:  And  and it 's a  a PCMCIA card , right ? 
D:  PC card , 
D:  so you can have a slot , 
D:  right ? 
D:  In your new machine ? 
D:  Is it with s 
D:  Right , 
D:  i it 'll  it 'll work  
D:  It 'll work the first time . 
D:  I  I trust Steve Jobs . 
D:  Uh , y yeah . 
D:  We  we need to <breath> figure out what we want . 
D:  Uh  
D:  Hey , what are those green lights doing ? 
D:  Cut the red wire , 
D:  the red wire ! 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  And it  and the f the five thousand for the wires , 
D:  so if I 'm gonna do  
D:  No . 
D:  It 's a joke . 
D:  I have to do  
D:  Oh , of the  of the boards ? 
D:  Yeah , yeah , 
D:  sure , 
D:  right . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Peanuts . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Right . 
D:  What ? 
D:  Oh , I thought like if we talked softer the disk lasts longer . 
D:  It also helps if you talk in a monotone . 
D:  Constant volume all the time . 
D:  Uh . 
D:  Well it 's a choice  if we get a choice , let 's keep talking . 
D:  Sure . 
D:  No , 
D:  I 'm done . 
D:  But  you  you  you  there 's a problem  a structural problem with this though . 
D:  You really need an incentive at the end if you 're gonna do digits again . 
D:  Like , you know , candy bars or something , 
D:  or  or  or  or or a little , uh  you know , toothbrushes like they give you at the d dentist . 
D:  Or both . 
D:  Eric , you and I win . 
D:  We didn't make any mistakes . 
D:  No , I know . 
D:  I 'm just giving you a hard time . 
D:  Very good . 
D:  So Eric , you win . 
D:  But the other thing is that there 's a  there 's a colon for transcripts . 
D:  And there shouldn't be a colon . 
D:  Because see , everything else is stuff you fill in . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  Automatically . 
D:  But real 
D:  Where 'd they come from ? 
D:  Well , we think it doesn't matter . 
D:  But the real question I have is that , why bother with these ? 
D:  Why don't you just ask people to repeat numbers they already know ? 
D:  Like phone numbers , 
D:  you know , social security numbers . 
D:  I know . 
D:  I kn 
D:  Credit card numbers , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  Yeah , so you just say  <laugh> say your credit card numbers , 
D:  say your phone numbers , 
D:  say your mother 's maiden name . 
D:  You know pe 
D:  people off the street . 
D:  This  
D:  Mony on the mike . 
