G:  Do not  Don't switch it off . 
G:  OK , 
G:  should I next ? 
G:  Hey , Adam , you know what ? 
G:  It must be funny to do an a research on how people  behave while  reading these numbers . 
G:  That must be  
G:  Yeah ! 
G:  It must be much more interesting to  to see their behavior . 
G:  Oh y yeah ! 
G:  Oh , 
G:  OK . 
G:  Ah . 
G:  Sorry . 
G:  Can I ? 
G:  Maybe I can add something . 
G:  Yeah , if there 's anything else which we  what we could add on the web site . 
G:  So , p For example , if you have a small abstract or some pictures or whatever , about the work you did before , what you are planning to do here , that would be fine , 
G:  cuz now we can add some more  stuff there . 
G:  Or if you have something  or if somebody has some slides , o or articles , whatever he wants to be  published there . 
G:  Yeah 
G:  and 
G:  Yeah , it depends what  what everybody wants to do . 
G:  So 
G:  about the projects will be something , 
G:  then , about publications will be another point , 
G:  and  Yeah , additional information about how is life in Berkeley and i Yep . I don't know ,  some  some hints , some web sites or links which are useful when somebody arrives or stuff like that . 
G:  Oh , oh , no , I 'm not doing it for everybody 
G:  but what I can  
G:  Yeah , but  but what is planned is that I do something like a previous , you know , layout , and give everybody the , uh , opin uh , the possibility to  the chance to put his  content inside 
G:  so that the layout is for everybody the same , 
G:  so about the projects and stuff . 
G:  So , there will be something . 
G:  Hmm ? 
G:  Oh ! 
G:  OK . 
G:  Yeah , but the task changed really a lot , 
G:  so , I 'd  I rather would like to 
G:  Yeah , but I 'd rather like to follow the discussion before I gave any comments , 
G:  cuz it 's really The first point is it 's much more than it was before I left , 
G:  so it 's like five weeks in between , so it 's like that whew ! 
G:  that big now . 
G:  And it really changed a lot 
G:  cuz the  I mean I found the classroom inside 
G:  but , the thing where I left the discussion was that we are talking about uh a classroom where you know everybody could look on with any kind of device and follow lectures or do exercise or whatever . 
G:  So . 
G:  Now we are talking about something which is much more precise 
G:  and the  the range of stuff is maybe more  narrow than before 
G:  so I 'd rather like to  to follow it a bit , and then to get more into  the ideas . 
G:  What do you mean by " put together " ? 
G:  Ah . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  So why I wasn't , 
G:  well , yeah , uh hold myself back a bit with comments , is uh cuz when I left the discussion , the discussion was what to  to have something like a big umbrella about everybody  who was at this point , here . 
G:  And so the discussion was much broader than it is maybe right now . 
G:  And there I had the impression the umbrella was this kind of classroom  thing . 
G:  Right ? 
G:  Or  wrong ? 
G:  Yeah , yeah , yeah . It is . 
G:  Of course . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah , yeah , yeah . 
G:  That 's  that 's clear . 
G:  But 
G:  Yeah , that 's  that 's clear , 
G:  but then I don't get  
G:  because when we were discussion  discussing this uh stuff weeks ago , uh I had the impression that , you know , everything of these work packages  uh fit together under this one big umbrella . 
G:  And now it sounds different . 
G:  So that 's what I don't understand . 
G:  Ah but , it 's also because I missed  the last four weeks . 
G:  So . 
G:  It 's a  a bit hard for me to follow the development what happened in the last four weeks , 
G:  why it changed so . 
G:  So if I understandi it right , what has changed is before we were focussing on  
G:  So  Cuz what 's difficult for me is what is meant by " application " ? 
G:  So . Cuz I have sometimes the impression that everybody is defining " application " in different way . 
G:  So , what exactly is mean by " application " ? 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Oh , OK . 
G:  So , what has changed  
G:  So what has changed is that we 're not only focussing on this intelligent classroom , but on everything . 
G:  Mm - hmm . 
G:  Yeah . 
G:  Yeah but there 's something needed to sell it . 
G:  And I think  
G:  Bless you . 
G:  Do not  Don't switch it off . 
