D:  Hopefully everything went fine . 
D:  So 
D:  OK . 
D:  Thanks Adam . 
D:  We could start with our meeting ? 
D:  Yep ! 
D:  OK . 
D:  You have to stay all the time here ? 
D:  But ch you wanna do ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK . 
D:  We can do that . 
D:  Two nine seven seven ? 
D:  Right . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I will call you then . 
D:  Uh , OK . 
D:  So , then let 's start with  our weekly meeting . 
D:  The last time 's uh we learned too much , I believe , 
D:  so 
D:  uh , today , I have two topics . 
D:  And the first topic , um , we have a new member in our group , 
D:  Miguel Sanchez . 
D:  I believe everybody knows him very well in the meantime because he stayed here quite a little time 
D:  and I think he is talking to everybody in the meantime . 
D:  So , but , anyway , I would like that Miguel Sanchez will introduce himself a little bit , concerning his background , what he intend to do . 
D:  And   Because I discussing with him uh , uh many things concerning , uh , his skills and what the  NSA group intends to do . 
D:  I hope there will be a match , uh , then , for his future work . 
D:  And the second topic is then  to discuss a proposal in  much more detail . 
D:  I believe  we still haven't left our starting position . 
D:  And , um , yesterday I also discussed with Wilbert some things 
D:  and  I would like to focus on the question  " What problem we are going to solve with such a proposal . " 
D:  Not so will they have a common activity within the group itself and maybe with other partners outside , 
D:  but , the technical problem . 
D:  But that 's under the s second topic , 
D:  so first I would like that Miguel will told us a little bit about his skills and  and uh his background . 
D:  So , please . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  So , thanks , Miguel . 
D:  Yeah , we m discussed it yesterday that you 'll maybe  will have a talk  next Tuesday 
D:  But , Give me a sign and send me an abstract so that I can announce it , then , for the next meeting . 
D:  Um . 
D:  One short other topic is Uh . Claudia did a lot of work concerning the web pages in the meantime . 
D:  And , despite <laugh> busy stuff with waivers and uh <laugh> and visas and whatever , uh , she found the time to um  write , with what we discussed before and in  the form of HTML stuff . 
D:  And we wanna put it on the  web pages in the next days . 
D:  So , I will send an email , then , to everybody that they should check their web pages whether they 're aligned with , um , their own views and opinions of what we should  what should be presented on the web pages . 
D:  And any feedback is then , well appreciated . 
D:  No ? 
D:  So . 
D:  Let 's switch to the project proposal . 
D:  Um , I mentioned that it is still f 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  Claudia  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Then everybody sees the structure ,  how it is uh , structured  really structured . 
D:  Then  maybe you wi can easy offer some additional input which should be presented , then , on the web pages . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , it is . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Half collection of necessary information . 
D:  Yeah su You can have  
D:  Yeah , you can have it . 
D:  Because , as uh  Uh , uh , le 
D:  No , 
D:  but this is  oh , uh  Everybody 's obliged to do it for his own , you know . 
D:  So there is not uh  Claudia is not the webmaster here to , uh , <laugh>  get the collection for  for  for everything . 
D:  So . 
D:  This is responsible for  uh , everybody 's responsible for his own , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK , 
D:  thanks . 
D:  So , 
D:  let 's switch to the proposal . 
D:  I ask everybody whether  read it in the meantime , and understand everything . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Everybody say yes ? 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  Yes , 
D:  OK . 
D:  Um . 
D:  From my point of view , As I mentioned before , we still in the starting position . 
D:  I think the four building blocks on the network level will have really a major impact on  on f current um , available wireless networks and , uh , also for future generations . 
D:  And , what the missing thing is really what kind of problem we are  wan wanna s solve with such a project proposal . 
D:  And Wilbert yesterday mentioned , and he is right ,  <inbreath> that , what kind of , maybe , service we are really going to offer . 
D:  The linkage between such kind of application , also interactive multimedia application and , uh , this kind of networking stuff is , um , maybe not very well aligned , 
D:  because there will be of course , a portion of mobile access to such kind of application . 
D:  But , I think that 's not the majority 
D:  and that is not the major focus of um this kind of  um  this kind of application anyway . 
D:  So I would like to  to  uh split , in principle , the discussions of  what kind of application tsk  um f far away 
D:  and I would like to  more to focus if we have certain kind of vision t concerning these building blocks and the network , Um , What kind of problem we are going to solve . 
D:  What kind of , uh , um , um , glue between these four building blocks exists 
D:  and what kind of synergy effects , in principle , as if they work and fit very well together exists for networking stuff . 
D:  And what kind of service could we provide  in that area . 
D:  We will have these kind of , uh , really closely working together of these four building blocks . 
D:  So maybe uh , Wilbert , you can start to discu oder to  to tell the group about what you mentioned yesterday concerning certain kind of ideas . 
D:  Maybe it 's a brainstorming um , of  of these things 
D:  and maybe we can comment later on th these  uh these ideas . 
D:  And I saw you sk still discuss with  with  uh  Mark , right ? 
D:  some stuff . 
D:  Was it also related with  with these things . 
D:  No ? 
D:  OK , It was @ @ . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK 
D:  Yeah , yeah . 
D:  Then , maybe then , one  one w uh sentence before . 
D:  I believe everybody fits very well in these kind of things . 
D:  Because from the mathematical description with QS - in - Advance , me , as an expert for quality of service and , uh , Michael as an expert for uh , MPLS and Wilbert an expert for  for Multicast , and , uh , I discussed with Miguel . It 's uh maybe a little bit the shift to active routing , 
D:  but it is still in the area of routing . 
D:  So . My idea is , in principle , to have , independently of any funding , independently of any outer contact , such  such a  core activity , in principle . 
D:  And we can see how much from the outer world can fit in . 
D:  First of all , the first stage is the institution which is behind everybody . 
D:  That means uh KPN in your case and Siemens in our case . 
D:  And maybe , then , in the broader world here other partners registered in the proposal migh 
D:  Tomorrow , I will go to Cisco , for instance , 
D:  and I will discuss uh , all this kind of things . 
D:  Maybe they have certain additional activities and they 're interested in the results before  
D:  The benefit here is , in principle , that the results are available . 
D:  They are not restricted any way . 
D:  If you have your own common activity . That makes a little bit more easier . 
D:  And , uh , if there is a technical linkage between such , uh um , between the outer world and us OK , the better it is . 
D:  But , anyway , if we come to a certain kind of  uh , common work within the core of the NSA group , I think that 's really beneficial to everybody . 
D:  And  uh , especially , Wilbert , if you have in mind to go in the  mmm , uh , really from the project proposal view , I think we can build it on this  this core . 
D:  You know , 
D:  and go to the outer world with , and  and  and align it in a certain way . 
D:  For instance , that it also fit , maybe , to KPN , and Siemens , and in other companies . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Hmm . 
D:  Uh , maybe I will write a few keywords on the  on the whiteboard 
D:  OK . 
D:  Yet the basic idea is , in principle , to switch seamlessly between wireless  LAN technology , whatever and  UMTS , 
D:  right ? 
D:  And  you see the benefit that , in principle , the customer will save a lot of money . 
D:  Because if  in - house communication like WaveLAN or maybe I see it also in the American market , some WaveLAN communication in the outer world will be available , the  m and that is your assumption , that the more cost uh extensive um U M T S connection could be principle used , I would like to say , over WaveLAN , 
D:  and then I have a normal WaveLAN connection , right ? 
D:  And the router and the WaveLAN connection goes into the core internet elsewhere 
D:  and the connection is not dropped between this seamless hand off I would like to say . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  or what  or  
D:  What  
D:  Yeah , but if this is the final goal , 
D:  it should be as much as possible available that you do not have to break the connection if you switch between the subnets ' technology 
D:  Right ? 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  non - null 
D:  Yeah , but if your s 
D:  uh I believe everybody is aware about the USAIA architecture . 
D:  And uh this one is , here ,  this stuff is , here , also related to this kind what is mentioned there concerning the end system . 
D:  And in my conf uh considered end system , there is a certain kind of policy , concerning how to use subnets technologies and  and all these kind of things . 
D:  How to use quality of service , you know , in advance , 
D:  because you have to pay for certain technologies and maybe for certain services . 
D:  And that should not be done automatically . 
D:  But it could be done automatically . 
D:  But nevertheless there must be a certain kind of um user interaction always possible , that you could set up a certain kind of mini - database how to deal with all these kind of things . 
D:  I think that 's not a problem . 
D:  But uh what I  I would like to ask Wilbert here , and we discuss it yesterday , " Is it only the usage of that PCMCIA card where you have  instead of GSM today , UMTS , and instead of wireless LAN today also wireless LAN . 
D:  Remember your four and one  card uh concerning um , 
D:  what is the name , from Dataco - ? 
D:  No . 
D:  Dacom 
D:  Where you can enable four technologies , and you plug in , in your laptop 
D:  and then you have every four uh subnet layer technologies available in your laptop . 
D:  Is that the problem ? 
D:  Yeah , that 's not the problem . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Why ? 
D:  Yeah , but this i 
D:  Yeah , but this is th only the probing to figure out that you get at a certain location the information that a s certain coverage of a certain subnet techn technology is available . 
D:  And if so , then what Miguel mentions , then you add a certain kind of policy , to switch  or not to switch , to this kind of technology , 
D:  right ? 
D:  But this is end - system related . 
D:  That 's not network related . 
D:  I see no network related stuff within these  in this uh idea . 
D:  It 's only to set up i u 
D:  For me it 's like a laptop t to plug one PCMCIA  and currently will have two PCMCIA cards , and I compare GSM with UMTS . 
D:  And today I would like to have GSM , 
D:  and then I have my GSM connectivity . 
D:  And I cannot use it  other technology , 
D:  only GSM , because the interfaces , the driver interface , does not permit me to switch between the  between different technologies . 
D:  So if I want to go to wireless LAN I have to stop my connection and put in my wireless LAN PCMCIA card , 
D:  and then I can go on and set up the  the same connection one more time . 
D:  And what you have in mind , to do it a bit more seamlessly , and that makes an only sense for me if both technologies , in principle , were close together in that sense for application . 
D:  For instance , the application would be that I have my laptop here , 
D:  and I work here with  wi with my device , 
D:  any kind of device , 
D:  and I work here in wireless LAN area . 
D:  And then I go outside , and  want to go still on , leaving the coverage of  uh of the  uh wireless LAN . 
D:  And at a certain state , the device uh receives certain signals that the coverage of UMTS or GSM is available . 
D:  And at that state , you automatically , or based on the certain kind of user profile , switched to the um UMTS  or GSM st uh network . 
D:  That 's the only senseful application . 
D:  From my understanding , that means only to have a certain kind of control layer for the different drivers , 
D:  which you also mentioned as a USAIA architecture . 
D:  and uh then to do the  switching for an existing stream or application between these  uh , transparently to this application , between those uh these both technologies . 
D:  Maybe there 's more potential . 
D:  I don't s see it , 
D:  but maybe you have a additional idea . 
D:  And I don't think that this  end system device uh architecture , which will come automatically . 
D:  And I believe there 's a lot of activity throughout the world , 
D:  because this seamlessly communication is always mentioned elsewhere where you cou where you listen to . 
D:  So 
D:  uh  uh 
D:  Now , I would like not to hear only three opinions . 
D:  But maybe there are also other opinions . 
D:  And maybe everybody should uh give a short  
D:  Let us understand , built for everybody and their com whether their comments . 
D:  Oh , please come in . 
D:  Uh . 
D:  OK 
D:  Good luck . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  And the building blocks , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  Multicast , not a topic . 
D:  Routing ? 
D:  Well , what you  the pointer  the pointer you sent yesterday . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  I c I didn't find the time , yeah , to do so , 
D:  but , 
D:  uh 
D:  A Ricochet here , right ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Ah we just discussed a lot about proxies . 
D:  That 's a fun 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Uh maybe a few comments . 
D:  First of all , Um . Do you mind Mi - Miguel , to write the name of the project on the whiteboard ? 
D:  So that everybody  
D:  Uh  I  I will send also the pointer which Miguel sent to me , to everybody so that everybody can take a look to this uh , project . 
D:  And uh I don't know what avail information is available 
D:  because I didn't find the time currently to check it out . 
D:  But first of  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh , sorry ? 
D:  Uh do  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Ah ! 
D:  Ah ! 
D:  OK , 
D:  I see . 
D:  Yeah ?  @ @ 
D:  OK . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Then the second thing is that uh Daimler - Chrysler research here in Palo Alto as well as in Germany , Ulm , is doing , in principle , the same with a car . 
D:  They have a specific antenna for uh GSM  Oh , GPS and  and fu for future extended G - uh GSM networks and wireless LAN and  and other thi and other network technology . 
D:  In the roof of the car . They have a s lot of servers 
D:  in the  trunk of the car . Then they collect data how it is  with handoff and all these kind of things 
D:  and they are driving around the different areas . 
D:  And the same car exists here in Palo Alto uh based on wireless LAN , GSM and 2 x Ricochet networks . 
D:  They collect the dat collect  collecting a lot of data . concerning the seamless handoffs and whether it works very well with speed 
D:  and um 
D:  uh , Thomas is going to build mobile IP stuff in their servers . 
D:  uh 
D:  because they want to 
D:  use current technology with a c a combination of mobile IP . So I think there is a lot of activities in the area . 
D:  Uh . 
D:  And my third uh comment is uh if we are going  something in that direction that is quite different from this thing  here . 
D:  But , anyway , maybe as a core technology with a real product in mind . 
D:  I see some difficulty because nobody currently has here certain kind uh of UMTS know how . 
D:  And you need it definitely 
D:  because then  it j must be your uh Bible I would like to say that you are very familiar with UMTS if you wanna go in  in that way . 
D:  And As far as I know the UMTS standardization is not finished yet . 
D:  Ninety percent , maybe , or eighty percent . 
D:  I kno I 'm not sure . 
D:  But  uh 
D:  that  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Users of  of UMTS ? 
D:  You can request certain kind of QS . 
D:  You can even request it in GPS 
D:  but it 's not end - to - end quality of service . 
D:  It is only um  what the gateways get . 
D:  And within the core network  there are certain kind of tunnels set up in the core network itself of the access provider , 
D:  not the internet backbone core . 
D:  And you use certain kind of tunnel mechanism  to combine , in principle , the base station cluster control . 
D:  But this is  uh is controlled by a certain kind of  node . 
D:  And you have the gateway to the  PDN , or the Public Data Network . 
D:  And between both there 's a certain kind of tunnel set up . 
D:  You mean now for GSM , @ @ , 
D:  or  ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , what is  what means quality of service . 
D:  A certain degree . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  Uh . 
D:  Sometimes we have some  
D:  It 's packaged data oriented . 
D:  It 's not really circuit - switched . 
D:  In UMTS you have always GPS as a  a involvement in the core network . 
D:  You have , in principle , the path which still is available for  for the GSM network . 
D:  Also they use , in principle , the same uh the same mechanism . 
D:  But you also have a  dat uh packet oriented communication that 's on the GPS stuff . 
D:  And that 's also related to UMTS . 
D:  So , 
D:  that is  
D:  No , I think there 's a lot  
D:  Yeah .  
D:  I think there 's a lot of research . 
D:  But the question is " is this uh a research wh in which direction we are going ? " 
D:  And because  
D:  For inf 
D:  Right , 
D:  but bear in mind the picture is a  is a little bit different . 
D:  The picture I have in mind concerning UMTS is , first of all , if you use UMTS only for voice , Like you did it or are doing now for GSM , it 's not worth to have this kind of network . 
D:  And ,  currently in Europe , where it will be deployed first , I believe , it will be very hard , in principle , to get some money back if you have only for  using it for voice . 
D:  Because they paid a lot of money . 
D:  So . 
D:  What is the point ? 
D:  The point is that you use the UMTS to connect to the internet and have certain kind of services which are still not available up to now . 
D:  But the problem is if you have the internet content , and you have maybe your small uh um  device of maybe only evolution based for  for these uh new technologies , for  for  certain mobile phones , then you have certain kind of problems , 
D:  you know , 
D:  because you cannot use these things . 
D:  And WAP is not an answer for  for these kind of things , 
D:  you know . 
D:  So . 
D:  The  I believe there is a lot of research work 
D:  and also if you see the end - to - end scope of the internet , from the mobile node up to the certain kind of server , " correspondent node " , or whatever you call this  destination , then you have certain kind of models , for instance , for the quality of service and all these kind of things . 
D:  And then is UMTS only one link where you have certain kind of subnet layer technology . 
D:  And you have to match these things anyway . 
D:  It 's like a  normal ethernet . 
D:  Whatever you see , it is only an additional subnet layer technology . 
D:  And you have all the things mapped to the  uh to  to the  to the  the internet stuff , in principle , to this technology . 
D:  And furthermore , you see that the trend is to put more IP technology , really , really IP technology , and not certain kind of modifications and adaptations , to their access network itself . 
D:  And 
D:  th there 's a lot of potential , as I believe , for  for uh certain research work . 
D:  But the question is , first of all , " Do we have the competence to do something like that ? " 
D:  First of all . 
D:  Second , we are not hardware builders , in that sense to set up certain kind of end systems . 
D:  We can design them , yeah , from the protocol layering 
D:  and  and maybe have some simulations , or whatever . 
D:  But isn't the final outcome really such a device ? 
D:  Prototype , Linux based . 
D:  And we go around here and we have maybe a GPS - base station sponsored by Ericsson , 
D:  since they are living not so far away 
D:  and  and maybe WaveLAN connection , here 
D:  now a testbed 
D:  and then  then figure out that it works ? 
D:  So , that 's my point . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  But it 's really higher level . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  It 's no more related to a network . 
D:  We are leaving the network area . 
D:  That 's dangerous . 
D:  Cuz if you go to the app 
D:  If you  
D:  For me that 's starting with middleware aspects , 
D:  you know ? 
D:  And  
D:  No , I believe " network " is , if you see it really from  from the IP protocol suite , is then layer one , in principle , up t including layer four , 
D:  despite the fact that layer four is only residing , normally , in the end system and in the gateways . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , we have , I think , some . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Do you see this word " application " related to a network ? 
D:  Or do you see this word independently ? 
D:  That was never discussed in detail . 
D:  " Network  Services  and  Applications " . 
D:  So , everything in the world . 
D:  Or is the application related to the network ? 
D:  For my understanding and as far as we discussed , so  such a long time uh , these applications should  
D:  For instance , e - commerce . 
D:  And it 's really , really 
D:  yeah 
D:  You know ? 
D:  That  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  No no , uh that is a typical application , I think , 
D:  which is , in principle , also a little bit related to  uh to the network . 
D:  But not any application . 
D:  And we also have the aspects for security . 
D:  Miguel , you mentioned here authentication and  and triple - A , 
D:  but we do not have any expert anymore . 
D:  Because Hannes was an expert for that . 
D:  So the  problem for me , it still exists that we have , in principle , here  basic building blocks in the proposal from the networking side . 
D:  We could have a certain kind of application 
D:  and there 's a lot of activities in the outside world 
D:  and I believe there 's a lot of contacts . 
D:  Or there could be a lot of contacts uh with  with these people . 
D:  Especially at uh Georgia Tech . 
D:  I know on  next week on Tuesday . 
D:  Tuesday , right ? 
D:  We will go to UCB . 
D:  There are three guys . 
D:  Then Morgan mentioned one . 
D:  I do not know exactly um uh what he is doing , 
D:  but , he 's also interesting in some kind of collaboration . 
D:  He 's also a professor in the UCB . 
D:  And uh many universities 
D:  maybe  Claudia mentioned Duisburg . 
D:  And uh  in principle , most of the university have some activities in that area . 
D:  We will not take care about these one , 
D:  but we can use them as um  for field ex uh field trial access 
D:  and  and  and maybe some support 
D:  and  and whatever kind of thing . 
D:  And we focus really on the networking stuff 
D:  and going in more detail in this area . 
D:  And the alternative is maybe what uh 
D:  currently we have only uh this uh proposal from Wilbert to go more in the smaller scope . 
D:  Figure out some potential from maybe this uh WaveLAN UMTS stuff 
D:  and  and starting from that . 
D:  Or , are there other suggestions ? 
D:  Yeah , you know , it 's still mentioned in the proposal . 
D:  And 
D:  th um 
D:  I  I 'm sure , OK , that it is the wrong place to  get the foundation why we are use this kind of application , 
D:  but uh  And  In  in the end of the text  in the end of the pr text of the proposal . 
D:  But it is mentioned that it is only an example . 
D:  And that we use this application , in principle , while it is then very very easy to get a certain kind of access to these kind of things . 
D:  When you have a video game server and  and you want to have mobile access you must at least have one in your consortium , or as a partner whatever , who provides this service . 
D:  And then we  we are playing videos , in principle , if you have a field trial . 
D:  And that is , I think , much more harder than to have a certain kind of  certain kind of access to the University , 
D:  and uh to this server , which is run on the campus of the University . 
D:  And that is the point . 
D:  You can have this f to figure out all the things 
D:  and the  the um 
D:  and the  the um 
D:  um , now , how to say , the requirements of this application using this classroom scenario . 
D:  But nevertheless , it 's not the best for 
D:  and  and  and  and uh 
D:  s networking stuff . 
D:  You are right . 
D:  But it  Does anybody see certain kind of potential here to go on , 
D:  and to start the work maybe in this little bit smaller oh uh scope based on these building blocks ? 
D:  Because Multicast you still mentio uh you mentioned that there is no potential . 
D:  I think it 's described here that the potential , if you use it for the mapping to the next generation networks in the wireless access area they are still some potential to map Multicast 
D:  because they  do not use it . 
D:  And to figure out whether they 're useful inse instead of using certain kind of tunneling mechanism and to set up these tunnels 
D:  and have the mapping between a PSDN uh telephone number or whatever kind of number they are using to IP addresses and then there 's the tunnel I Ds , 
D:  and  and all this kind of things , I think , is very beneficial as well for  for telecommunication providers . 
D:  as well as for ISP 's . 
D:  I  I think the potential is still there . 
D:  You  you neglected that , 
D:  but I don't think that you are right in that sense . 
D:  In next generation ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Now what do you see about the 
D:  um , um , 
D:  KPN interests ? 
D:  Because , I believe s if the argument changes as follows that you are here and that you are very familiar with uh the Multicast stuff , and KPN is very interesting in UMTS stuff , and this is one potential target network environment we are focusing on , but only for the uh IP - layer technology , then , why do  the mapping of multica also potential mapping of Multicast , I think , must be of major interest for them . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Now , WAP is ja not only related now to available bandwidth . 
D:  That 's not the only thing . 
D:  It 's only the adaptation towards the capabilities of the end device . 
D:  Right ? 
D:  So . 
D:  uh  I never was a friend  
D:  Huh . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So  yeah . 
D:  Right . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  It 's transparent , in principle , what you can carry , 
D:  but  
D:  Anyway , you have the gateway . 
D:  It must be uh  The ca uh c uh t conversion of the media 
D:  of the contents , in principle . 
D:  But , I don't see that uh  
D:  It 's too late , I believe . 
D:  If WAP was available in the beginning of GSM , then I think it was there would be a good chance that it is well - deployed . 
D:  But now , the first generation of web - browsers are in the ha and  and uh I would say " handies " , 
D:  so that 's wrong <laugh>  in the mobile phones , 
D:  but the  the next generation of networks are still available . 
D:  and the ba uh the bandwidth constraints are no more applicable ? 
D:  And  
D:  Yeah , but  The hype 
D:  but 
D:  pffft 
D:  uh 
D:  I never saw a user using WAP . 
D:  Please raise your hand , who is using WAP . 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  OK , one of six . 
D:  So . 
D:  Oh . 
D:  Now , do you  yeah , do you see the chance for WAP ? 
D:  I don't see it . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  There 's a gate You can put the gateway  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yep . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  So maybe I would like to ask Claudia , 
D:  you read the proposal in the meantime ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yes , that 's right . 
D:  And do you have some comments on it 
D:  from the next  this is version zero dot five right , yeah . 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Also we want to go more in the triple - A area . Right ? 
D:  Because billing  alone 
D:  Or  or ac um Billing is related to accounting , 
D:  Accounting is related to  Authentification and Authorization . 
D:  So . 
D:  And then you are still at the triple - A service uh activity 
D:  and nobody is  has the skills to deal with that . 
D:  And then we are leaving our scope anyway . 
D:  Yeah . That 's  
D:  That is a  
D:  As it  What I mean , the synergy effect , right ? 
D:  From  from  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . I 
D:  Yeah , in principle , it is related to the current state . 
D:  But the networking stuff is more explained in much more detail 
D:  and the work packages are better ident oder what c could be derived for work packages is much better aligned . 
D:  But that has not changed , yeah ? 
D:  Yeah , the problem is if you  
D:  Yeah OK maybe one sentence  one sentence . 
D:  If you 're  focussing on the argument chain as follows . I have an application . 
D:  This application has certain kind of requirements . 
D:  These requirements are , maybe , Multicast and  and  and quality of service and mobility 
D:  access and then mobility management 
D:  and   That is it . 
D:  I want to focus on it . 
D:  Then you have in mind that  Or you must have in mind that all other applications and all other networking stuff is not affected by this . 
D:  That you can use it with every application 
D:  and if you introduce some new mechanism in the network , that is not related only to interactive multimedia applications like the classroom , it must be fit end to end . 
D:  And if you assume something , like we discussed it , very hard with  with Multicast , that you assume that Multicast will be available  at certain portions of the network or  if you  if you want to have it end to end , this mechanism must be applied really for  all throughout of the internet . 
D:  Otherwise it makes no sense , 
D:  and we come to the conclusion , " OK , uh Multicast , we must deal with both approaches " , 
D:  that you have eh application layer Multicast 
D:  as well as maybe some other Multicast and maybe really Multicast 
D:  and then the point is how to select these mechanism if you want to have not a certain kind of access to the server elsewhere in the network you want to use any application . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  and  
D:  The application , for instance , here , that eh the interactive classroom . 
D:  But elsewhere any application in in in any kind of video audio 
D:  or whatever kind of  game server 
D:  what - whatever kind of interactive multimedia especially do uh downstreaming applications maybe eh video on demand then , eh whatever kind of application you can consider . 
D:  Not on everything . 
D:  That 's not true . 
D:  But we s 
D:  That 's why we say here , that we have a certain kind of eh possibility to change in the access networks . 
D:  That means the wireless networks 
D:  because that provides , in principle , the mobility . 
D:  And these mechan 
D:  And you see that there 's a trend to provide IP functionality more and more in these kind of networks . 
D:  But the problem is that you could not focus  on this kind of um technology only for the access network . 
D:  You have to have in mind always the end to end scope . 
D:  And if you see , for instance  We have routing algorithm but different protocols and whatever kinds of things , u 
D:  especially also for Multicast , 
D:  different things really for different providers , 
D:  and uh and it 's uh very easy to change it , maybe in the access network , for novel things . 
D:  For instance , that 's one provider domain 
D:  and you can say well why not use active routing in that provider domain ? 
D:  So it means that  packet are delivering information , 
D:  and you do not have the separation of routing and  and  and forwarding process . 
D:  It 's impossible to deal with that in the whole internet , 
D:  because security reasons and whatever kinds of things make it impossible . 
D:  So how to combine these pos uh potential um extensions in the um access networks , and  
D:  without losing the end to end scope  in the internet . 
D:  Then you can have certain n novel features 
D:  give the providers like KPN or whatever , the po the potential , in principle , to  to uh  see the building blocks for the future networks 
D:  because  there 's a three g third generation like UMTS , a fourth generation more IP related . 
D:  There will be a fifth generation , I 'm sure . 
D:  And then you derive the certain kind of building blocks for this network , 
D:  if you ever really full I  uh uh full I P , end to end . 
D:  But nevertheless you can only  not only focus on " OK , I provide this mechanism " 
D:  because u you are accessing a certain kind of server node in the internet , using any application . 
D:  And then this mechanism must fit it there . 
D:  But nevertheless eh internet backbone is in the meantime , based on its success , 
D:  impossible to change . 
D:  You see the difficulties with IP version six , 
D:  eh eh you see the difficulties with Multicast . 
D:  They are discussed since , you know , ten years or whatever . 
D:  The specification are rather stable and  and available 
D:  but we have only islands in that . 
D:  We cannot assume that everything is end to end available . 
D:  And so you have to mi to have to have in mind  that certain kinds of mechanisms are  maybe at a certain stage end to end available , 
D:  maybe we have a lucky that  the islands are connected to each other 
D:  or  the same applies for MPLS , for instance , 
D:  maybe they are only portions available , 
D:  how to deal with that when the islands are not available 
D:  and maybe nothing is available . 
D:  But you have to select it 
D:  because I have a mobile phone , a mobile node or whatever kind of device , 
D:  and I want to contact a certain kind of  content in the internet . 
D:  So is it possible to d have certain kind of normal features in the access network without losing the end to end scope of  with these difficulties we are dealing with . 
D:  I always say that the success of internet make it unflexible . 
D:  It 's impossible to change something   very easy . s 
D:  s 
D:  It 's easy maybe more on the access network as in the internet backbone . 
D:  So that is eh overall picture that we have in mind with these things . 
D:  And we can not u 
D:  We  we are six people 
D:  or seven or whatever 
D:  if Hannes come , 
D:  We are not able to solve the problems uh in  in uh w in the few years or whatever 
D:  what the whole internet community has um done in  in  si since  uh since a decade . 
D:  But we can f pick up some f some um potential and  and  and  to start with something . 
D:  And that 's my missing point . 
D:  That we have here , in principle , really the description of this problem I mentioned 
D:  and focus really on the reasonable size of the project 
D:  maybe in the first stage fo for the NSA  core itself , 
D:  and maybe possible extension from , for instance , if KPN say " yes , that 's great , " 
D:  " that 's the right direction . 
D:  We will support that . " 
D:  And if Siemens say " OK , great , we will support it " , 
D:  and  and what  it  
D:  mmm University of Berlin or something 
D:  and maybe University of Mannheim or Duisburg 
D:  or  in Spain oder whatever . 
D:  So if we have all the similar project then you have only to take care about that 's  a little bit aligned , 
D:  that there 's some transparency concerning the results 
D:  and and the activities are literally going in the  in the same um pace . 
D:  So that 's the basic idea . 
D:  But really it 's to  to figure out certain kind of smaller activities where we can start it . 
D:  That 's the point . 
D:  And if we get some funding back , 
D:  and we have certain  potent uh potential partners in the boat , 
D:  OK , we can go to a broader scope of this  whole thing , yeah . 
D:  Yeah , but the problem is  that f f f funding is the second step . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , but we have no eh  current no public funding , 
D:  OK , everybody 's paid here . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Now , that 's the point why I am focussing on  more on the  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I want to have really the activities 
D:  you know , what is really the outcome 
D:  what is really the problem we are going to solve . 
D:  These are my questions . 
D:  And if we have identified this block then it is possible to raise some money . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  It 's clear . 
D:  Now from my point of view in the beginning , one more time , if I see the four building blocks , and eh I could speak only for my skills , I believe to derive a certain kind of QS Reservation - in - Advance scheme Much more uh general as it is done for  for USAIA , 
D:  but mapped then really to desired network subnet layer technologies . 

D:  Yes . 
D:  For  
D:  No , for y UMTS . 
D:  But first of all , a generic system , 
D:  but because you can have several mechanism 
D:  really using certain kind of  of um um quantitative description , 
D:  you can have more of a  qualitative description , 
D:  you can have taken into account moving patterns , 
D:  and  and  and  whatever kind of things , 
D:  but there are a lot of  lot of ways to have certain kind of QS Reservation - in - Advance , 
D:  and I see it as definitely is necessary to have this one 
D:  if I want be mobile and I want to have not a interruption of my  in my application qualities of service . 
D:  So . 
D:  Um 
D:  But then , to go , for instance , to UMTS , and figure out what is available within UMTS . 
D:  And if I really have an IP application , where I need this kind of  of  quality of service and having in mind that certain kind of  QS will be available in the  rest of the internet . 
D:  So how can I map these things uh to the UMTS stuff ? 
D:  And what is the trend towards UMTS to the first generation ? 
D:  And how it is possible to map this one to this technology ? 
D:  And if you have the building blocks identified , what is really necessary  for QS  eh QS - in - Advance for  for mobile systems , then you have , in principle , the ideas for the following generation what you could improve . 
D:  Because then you are  maybe no more related to this kind of thing . 
D:  I believe the same applies for Multicast . 
D:  And I believe the same applies for routing . 
D:  So , in principle , in the beginning , there would be a certain kind of uh paperwork anyway , 
D:  some theoretical examination of these problems , 
D:  and then  some prototypes must be derived from that . 
D:  And then  maybe we will start here with a certain kind of uh testbed equipment we still have here . 
D:  We have four uh P Cs available . 
D:  Maybe we have to extend it then , 
D:  and figure out some real scenarios , 
D:  and maybe then pfff ! 
D:  Because uh , despite the fa 
D:  uh uh Hopefully , then we have with the money also not eh only for the room , 
D:  that would be great , 
D:  but there are also some sponsors then then then we add a certain kind of field trial . 
D:  But I think that 's   pfff !  that 's years , you know . 
D:  That 's years . 
D:  But in the beginning we must have a certain kind of  theoretical framework with the relevant technology . 
D:  Real technology . 
D:  Maybe you can start with GPS or  or UMTS , or whatever . 
D:  because these technology will definitely available in Europe . 
D:  There 's some money  spent on it , 
D:  so that it will be in a certain kind of flavor . 
D:  It will be available . 
D:  And it will be also available in the USA . 
D:  Because there is a big eh harmonization effort , 
D:  despite the fact they are  not aligned to each other anyway , 
D:  but  they will have s also certain kind of thr third generation and fourth generation networks . 
D:  So . 
D:  And after this theoretical framework , if this one is aligned , OK you have some specification 
D:  and you set up some Linux or Free BSD or whatever kind of prototype . 
D:  So that is what I have in mind with that . 
D:  And then  OK , and then you will see . 
D:  The problem is  which I see is that it could be fruitful to standardization 
D:  that it could be fruitful to some extent to telecommunication providers . 
D:  But there 's not a real product like you say . 
D:  There 's not the selling idea behind it . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  if you go with something what  what Wilbert mentioned " OK , let 's have this one here " . We have a new PCMCIA card and  and extend something and the end system , or what you mentioned here was the seamless four technologies inter - working in the end s , then you have an  an  a device which you can sell . 
D:  If you go for a networking pfff  um uh improvements , in principle , and  and understanding next generation building blocks , uh there 's no product . 
D:  But it is a long term  it 's long term , I think , uh work you can do . 
D:  And it 's more related I believe to the skills 
D:  to what is available 
D:  and  and currently as I see what uh will be available within the NSA group . 
D:  And uh , the point is if we focus on  on this networking  small  more networking stuff and em some application guys came into the boat and they focus on their application stuff , whatever this means , It might be we have then the active classroom , 
D:  but it could be another one 
D:  that is not representative , 
D:  it 's only  
D:  Hmm ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Then  then is something available 
D:  but I don't know 
D:  you know , I 'm not an application expert , 
D:  I  
D:  We have some content . 
D:  We will then discuss it on next Tuesday as I mentioned . 
D:  Uh Anyway , but uh that were  is my answer to the question if some money is available . 
D:  The good thing is that the money is available , 
D:  because everybody is paid here . 
D:  So that is money that the  the smallest portion of money which is available . 
D:  But first of all Wilbert need more , definitely , 
D:  because maybe then KPN is uh no more interesting to go on with this work , 
D:  or we can convince with these kind of things which we have in mind , 
D:  uh companies like KPN . 
D:  So 
D:  And if we have other suggestions and eh have this as a long term 
D:  NSA core group activity , 
D:  and this theoretical framework , whether it is finished in half a year or one year doesn't matter , in principle , 
D:  because the road map for the  the next generation networks is  is eh  is for many years . 
D:  And b before UMTS will be deployed very well , I believe eh it will be common t uh two thousand four or something like that . 
D:  So . 
D:  And  and have  an intermediate project , which is related in this direction , something like the seamless handover for two technologies or whatever . 
D:  This is a smaller portion in the gen more generic framework , I would like to say , from this proposal . 
D:  Why not go in this way ? 
D:  I  I don't know . 
D:  But uh that 's the point eh we are sitting here together . 
D:  But for  for Dietmar I think eh eh he mentioned it to me , it 's very clear that he will go on with a portion of time , with this USAIA stuff , 
D:  in the matical sense 
D:  because that means for you in a certain kind  a certain extent , you are decoupled from networking stuff . 
D:  Because your focusing on the mathematical thing of whether it 's a network or other thing , 
D:  it doesn't matter  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  So . 
D:  There is it still ongoing activity with uh maybe a portion of time at the University of Berlin  Berlin . 
D:  And independently whether I will leave the uh uh ICSI in  in the mid of December or not , I will still focus on  on  on these QS - in - Advance schemes 
D:  eh also within Siemens 
D:  and also with some project there . 
D:  And I believe your routing stuff is also available , 
D:  uh , 
D:  And when you  when you will go back to Spain , right ? 
D:  Yeah , so . and  and that 's why , in principle , the skills will be always available I guess . 
D:  if there is a certain type of project in the home countries and then the  eh institutions and  
D:  yeah 
D:  maybe 
D:  Currently no money is available , you know . 
D:  Now , I will not prevent anybody from getting some cake 
D:  and we are sitting here together 
D:  it 's uh very uh very slow , in principle , 
D:  but my last question is for Wilbert . 
D:  Wilbert , you I  I think you got the basic idea 
D:  because it was mostly discussed with you here from this current available scrap project proposal . 
D:  Don't you think that KPN could be convinced to go on this way what I mentioned before ? 
D:  There 's no way ? 
D:  They needed definitely , in principle , some kind of service or device or product or whatever . 
D:  Can we both have together , maybe , I think it 's a little bit more easier , a discussion on Thursday ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Maybe that 's enough time for you to consider a little bit more in this direction ? 
D:  And then we could have eh discussion 
D:  and maybe this one is an overall work , in principle , where everybody could hook in and  and get certain kind of small portions to solve it 
D:  and 
D:  mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Can you consider poten also in the meantime , some potential UMTS services besides this one ? 
D:  And  
D:  No , but , uh fff  maybe based on this one and you see the networking stuff 
D:  that it is a little bit more evol evolved and  than in the  the core network technology in the access network , I would like to say . 
D:  And this is aligned then as much as possible to the internet . 
D:  That 's the basic idea , 
D:  that you can have a certain kind of service which make use of these novel things . 
D:  Because normally I  I believe the  the  the people are either on the application layer , 
D:  that means higher than layer four , 
D:  or they are on layer f one to l l up to layer four . 
D:  And the service people are considering 
D:  " OK , UMTS 
D:  you have some location information , 
D:  and maybe you are  have the infrastructure in the car , 
D:  so , if I provide a certain kind of service , independently what the network is offering , you know . 
D:  Because they do not consider it very well . 
D:  They know there is a certain kind of location information 
D:  and you have a GPS , 
D:  and they know , OK , it 's based on satellite . 
D:  And there 's UMTS , that is based on base station . 
D:  There 's all that they consider . 
D:  And then assume , OK , I can do that . 
D:  And the networking guy said OK it would be great to have Multicast and all these kind of things in the network , 
D:  but do not consider really what a sense of benefit uh for applications , 
D:  there were new app old application make use of it 
D:  and how can new application arise 
D:  which we haven't considered up to now based on this new network function , LAT enrich  enriched network function , LAT . 
D:  So , I think it 's worth to  to consider something in that way 
D:  Yeah , what is our  
D:  Not currently there is a techno technology split . 
D:  Of course you have IP in the mobile device 
D:  but if you see the strange protocols text 
D:  there 's IP over IP and tunnels and  and whatever , 
D:  so , but it 's uh looks very strange to me 
D:  because you have different numbering screens , concerning you have a phone number , 
D:  you have to map it to IP addresses 
D:  and  and so on , 
D:  but for me , you have not the end to end parts of for  for IP functionality . 
D:  We are far away from that . 
D:  And if you take a really look to the GPRS protocols texts and I believe also they apply for UMTS but I 'm not 
D:  eh very familiar with that , 
D:  and the next generations access network is  will come soon . 
D:  You see it 's every three years or four years they will have a new generation . 
D:  But anyway you  
D:  yeah ? 
D:  yeah ? 
D:  Why ? 
D:  What kind  what kind  IP over what do you call it ? 
D:  No net . 
D:  That would be great ! 
D:  Can you repeat it ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Something like that is my final vision . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 

D:  Yeah . 
D:  ATM stuff . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 

D:  There 's  the problem is  is , you see that the providers eh have always there broken view for  for the management . 
D:  If you have different kind of protocols texts and network management system , and the billing system and all these kinds of things which is besides the networking stuff , in principle , but you still need it , is eh not aligned . 
D:  We have it for different islands 
D:  and  and 
D:  Well , that 's my final vision you know . 
D:  If you have really then IP networks at a certain generation where you have really the physical media and where necessary uh additional maclear protocols , 
D:  and then you have really always end to end . 
D:  It makes you things much more simple much more easier , 
D:  uh , but is far far away , you know . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah but you have the extension for the eh quality of service mechanism 
D:  which you have to map then to the underlying technology . 
D:  And  
D:  Yeah but maybe in the LAN interface it makes 
D:  since to use it 
D:  And  and  But 
D:  yeah 
D:  but I think we sh we will miss the cake 
D:  and I think we should stop now but please everybody , 
D:  short 
D:  eh s 
D:  go on with considerations and potential 
D:  and  and uh 
D:  um we didn't make s much progress today in the meeting , 
D:  but anyway this kind of activity lives from all , from the input of all . 
D:  And so I really 
D:  if somebody has an idea send an email 
D:  and then I would like to enforce everybody 
D:  not that I 'm doing everything 
D:  I could not  I f didn't have the time in the past 
D:  and I will not have it in the future 
D:  and maybe I will stay here only s four weeks or five weeks . 
D:  So it would be really not the best thing if the activity is dead when I am leaving 
D:  and if I stay longer of course we can go on 
D:  but nevertheless I rely heavily uh also from the contributions of everybody , 
D:  and it 's in their own interest 
D:  of  of everybody , also from the institution behind . So If there is certain kind of idea or questions or whatever , we are s only a small group of people 
D:  we can easily join on a white board and  and start a discussion . 
D:  It must not be on every Tuesday , you know , 
D:  at a certain time . 
D:  And I try to motivate the people . 
D:  That it 's free . 
D:  That 's a starting . 
D:  That 's a ramp . 
D:  And we can go in different directions . 
D:  And if you have a real focus on the certain novel thing for the services or UMTS or whatever , great . 
D:  If not , the long term and then these things must be , nevertheless  must be defined in much more detail . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK ? 
D:  So , thanks 
D:  please do not , um what Adam mentioned to 
D:  uh switch off , 
D:  So maybe I will find him @ @ . 
D:  cake area . 
D:  and 
D:  now let me see whether he will be here , 
D:  and 
D:  We did not forget . 
D:  We are done . 
D:  OK  OK . 
D:  Hopefully everything went fine . 
