B:  Um I'm Sarah , 
B:  the Project Manager 
B:  Okay , this is our agenda , um <other> 
B:  get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other . 
B:  Um then we'll go do tool training , 
B:  talk about the project plan , 
B:  discuss our own ideas and everything um 
B:  Now , we're developing a remote control which you probably already know . 
B:  Um , we want it to be original , 
B:  um , trendy , 
B:  appealing to a wide market , 
B:  and user-friendly , 
B:  grannies to kids , maybe even pooches should be able to use it . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager gave an introduction to the goal of the project, to create a trendy yet user-friendly remote.

B:  Okay , um , first is the functional design , 
B:  um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , 
B:  um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , 
B:  Um , conceptual design , 
B:  and then the detailed design , 
B:  how we're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: She presented a long-range agenda for the whole project.

B:  We're gonna practice with the pens 
B:  and draw our favourite animal on the white board , 
B:  and um sum up the characteristics of that animal . 
B:  I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger . 
A:  Uh , maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make ? 
D:  A kind of dog ? 
C:  Okay , now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be 
C:  <cough> Yeah , it can be a crocodile , it can be a crocodile . 
D:  it's meant to be an eagle <laugh> 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Inform Assess Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The group introduced themselves to each other and practiced with the meeting room tools by drawing on the board.

B:  Um finance-wise , we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros , 
B:  which I don't actually know what that is in Pounds , at all . 
D:  Seventeen . 
B:  Okay , that's expensive . 
C:  Havi having said that though , if you wanna get one of those  the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway . 
B:  um production cost's at twelve fifty , so 
B:  Um , and profit aim is fifty million Euros , 
D:  You've got market range international 
D:  and you did say earlier it's got to be a  um accessible and usable by sort of all age groups 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The Project Manager presented the project budget, the projected price point, and the projected profit aim for the project.

B:  What are your experiences with remote controls ? 
B:  I mean I've got  we got um  we had three videos , a T_V_ and a sort of amp thing all set up 
B:  so we got one of the universal remote controls , um that you programme each of your things into , 
B:  but that kept losing the signals 
B:  but that was quite good , the fact that you could  You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you . 
D:  My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy , 
D:  not doing any tampering with it and programming , 
B:  I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do 
D:  And symbols that you don't necessarily understand , 
A:  So simplification of symbols you could think of . 
B:  and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording , things like that inside it . 
D:  The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: Then the group began a discussion about their own experiences with remote controls to generate initial design ideas for making the product user-friendly.

D:  but you know on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it's got a menu display , 
D:  I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful , 
D:  so you've got a little L_C_D_ display . 
A:  instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display or something like that , 
B:  What about the older generation ? 
D:  that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps , 
B:  I don't like the , you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system . 
B:  I find it really confusing , 
C:  Yeah , I don't I don't know how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , 
C:  you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway , I'd assume . 
descriptions: Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They discussed grouping features into a menu and adding an LCD display.

D:  And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone , 
D:  it can still be lightweight plastic , you know ? 
D:  Something that's easily moulded and produced . 
C:  about what you're saying about the uh  does does it need to be fashionable ? 
C:  I I had a quick look at the company website 
C:  and it's like the the uh  we put the fashion into electronics , 
C:  I mean you don't  you you can still have plastic 
D:  we don't have to use metal , 
B:  and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic , 
B:  I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything . 
B:  They're kind of moulded 
B:  so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: They also discussed the look of various materials that may be used in the design, in keeping with the company's goal to create fashionable electronics.

B:  so we're all gonna go off and do our individual things . Um 
B:  and then we'll come back and liaise again 
B:  Okay , um , first is the functional design , 
B:  um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , 
B:  um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , 
B:  um what effects the product has to have 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - action: The group will prepare for the functional design meeting to discuss the components and functions of the product.

None

abst_sum - decisions: NA.

C:  Yeah , I don't I don't know how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , 
C:  you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway , I'd assume . 
D:  The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control 
B:  I think that's a cost thing , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - problems: There may not be enough money in the budget to allow the addition of all the features the group discussed, such as the LCD display.

