B:  <laugh> 
A:  Hmm hmm hmm . 
B:  Are we  we're not allowed to dim the lights so people can see that a bit better ? 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay , that's fine . Am I supposed to be standing up there ? 
D:  So we've got both of these clipped on ? 
B:  Okay . 
D:  She gonna answer me or not ? 
B:  Yeah , I've got  <laugh> 
D:  Right , both of them , okay . 
B:  Yes . 
D:  God . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Jesus , it's gonna fall off  . 
A:  Okay . Yep , yep . <cough> Okay . 
B:  Okay . <other> Hello everybody . Um I'm Sarah , the Project Manager and this is our first meeting , surprisingly enough . Okay , this is our agenda , um <other> 
A:  Tu tu tu tu Hi , good morning . 
B:  we will do some stuff , get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other . Um then we'll go do tool training , talk about the project plan , discuss our own ideas and everything um and we've got twenty five minutes to do that , as far as I can understand . 


B:  Now , we're developing a remote control which you probably already know . Um , we want it to be original , something that's uh  people haven't thought of , that's not out in the shops , um , trendy , appealing to a wide market , but you know , not a hunk of metal , and user-friendly , grannies to kids , maybe even pooches should be able to use it . Okay , um , first is the functional design , um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , um what effects the product has to have and how it's actually going to do that . Um , conceptual design , what we're thinking , how it's gonna go and then the detailed design , how we're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work . 
A:  'Kay . 


B:  Okay , right . We're gonna practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the white board , I'll go first , and um sum up the characteristics of that animal . So  
A:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Oops . 
B:  Okay , I'll leave space for everyone else . Um  What's missing ? We're running out of blue . Okay . I'm not gonna ask you to guess , I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger . 
A:  Mm . 
B:  And I see them as majestic , 
A:  Oh sorry . Mm-hmm . 
B:  and independent , and proud . Now , who would like to go next ? 'Kay . 
A:  Yeah , me . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:   Cat . Where did this come from ? 
B:  Is that your lapel then ? There you go . 
A:  Uh , yep . Thank you . Uh , maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make ? 
D:  A kind of dog ? 
B:  <other> 
A:  Yep . It's actually sitting , so <laugh> it's sitting , it's not standing . Okay , I see it as one thing it's very supportive . 
C:  <laugh> It's sitting down . 
D:  Sorry ? Uh . 
A:  It's your best friend and your  you can talk to a dog , it can be your best friend , it doesn't discriminate between you , based on what you are . Second it's loyal and third thing it's got intuition .  dogs can som sometimes can make out between a thief and a person so basically these are the three unique features I think belong to a dog . Thank you . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Okay , thank you . 
C:  Yeah I'll have a go . 
A:  Okay . Sorry . 
D:  Please , please leave me a space at the bottom , I'm little , you can get to the top , with standing on a chair . 
C:  Thanks . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Alright , okay . Well since you guys have chosen the ones I wanted to do , I'll have to have to go for something a bit random . 
A:  <laugh> Does it look like a dog actually ? 
B:  <laugh> Okay . 
C:  And also , my drawing skill isn't that great so , yeah . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Well , as you can see , the quality of the work today is um  
A:  Mm . 
D:  I think it's outstandingly good . <laugh> 
B:   <laugh> 
C:  Okay , now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be because that looks like a beak now , so . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  <cough> Yeah , it can be a crocodile , it can be a crocodile . <laugh> Well it was it was an  at first  firstly it was an attempt at a T_ Rex and then it sort of changed into a pelican but it can be a crocodile now actually <laugh> . 
D:  Crocodile ? 
B:  Gonna be a bird . Is it gonna be  <laugh> it's gonna be a bird . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
D:  O <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> <laugh> That's lovely . 
C:  Yeah and uh I'll have to think on the spot of uh things that it is . Um 
D:  Beauti that's  
C:  uh scary , uh strong , yeah that's about it I think <laugh> . 
B:  Okay <laugh> it's fine . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . Um , I'm very impressed with your artistic skills , mine's  are dreadful . Oops this is now coming apart , let me just put the top in . 
C:  Uh uh  Wo <laugh> 
D:  I hope that clicks in , I'll just  I'll hold it on , okay . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  Oops , oh dear , what happened there ? 
B:  Technical help . 
D:  Hopefully that'll stay on , two-handed version . Okay , uh  
C:  Hmm . Okay . 
D:  Again this is off the top of my head , I was gonna do a big cat too , um . 
C:  Uh  
D:  Oh dear , it doesn't look what like what I want it to be <laugh> . 
B:  Hmm . 
C:  S 
D:  Uh . 
C:  Uh  
D:  It's not a vampire bat honestly <laugh> . 
C:   
B:  <laugh> Okay , yeah . 
D:  Uh and somewhere there's a body behind . That's my dreadful  that's the worst yet , that's  it's meant to be an eagle <laugh> you can tell it's a flying animal <laugh> could have been a seagull , I never thought of a seagull . An eagle , um again I'm thinking on my feet goodness . I suppose they're all so independent , I'd put that one down again . <other> Da dum um . 
C:  Okay , some sort of bird <laugh> . 
B:  A seagu right , not a seagull <laugh> . 
C:  Ah eagle , right okay . 
A:  Eagle , okay . 
C:  They're good at golf . 
D:  Indepen independent , right , did you say they're good at golf ? Are they ? Oh . Oh right , okay , I'm not good at golf . I'd say they're quite free-spirited , flying around everywhere , doing their own thing . 
B:  <laugh> Eagle . 
C:  Yeah , no yeah , an eagle .  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  And uh , birds of prey aren't they , oh dear , intrepid . I'll put that , intrepid . 
B:  Mm-hmm . <laugh> 
D:  There we go , hope that pen's gonna be okay . 
B:  That's lovely . <laugh> 
D:  Whoops . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . That was fun , right . 


B:  Um finance-wise , we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros , which I don't actually know what that is in Pounds , at all . Any ideas ? 
C:  It's about  mm , mm yeah . 
D:  Seventeen . 
A:  One point four or something like that . One point four Euro would make a Pound or something like that . 
C:  Yeah , yeah , something like that , so that  yeah about seventeen , seventeen Pounds , something like that . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  D fifteen ? Seventeen . Okay , that's expensive . 
D:  Seventeen Pounds . Should we be making notes of this ? We can just refer to this later can't we ? Yeah , okay . 
C:  But  
B:  I think so , I think so , I'll be able to um pull it up , or I could put it in the shared folder or something . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  Havi having said that though , if you wanna get one of those  the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway . So , it'd still be  yeah , we had to buy one <laugh> . 
D:  Right . 
B:  Really ? 
D:  So 
B:  Mm . 
D:  so I suppose later it depends if we want to undercut the price , we d or or is it going to make our product look a cheapie-cheapie option ? 
B:  I think  Yeah , um production cost's at twelve fifty , so 
C:  Hmm . 
A:  Okay , pretty huge margin . 
B:  half of the selling price is taken up by building it . Um , and profit aim is fifty million Euros , which is uh  
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm . Mm-hmm . In our first year ? 
B:  Yi yes , um yeah , I presume so . Um  
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  So then  
D:  You've got market range international and you did say earlier it's got to be a  um accessible and usable by sort of all age groups just t we're not focusing on business market , any particular thing , it's everyone  user-friendly to everyone . Okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . No , yeah . 
D:  Big target group <laugh> . 
B:  So  yes , yes , I don't think we have to  I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that , um making that a key point , just that it's going to be in the international market like Australia , America , things like that . Okay . 
D:  No . Mm . 


B:  What are your experiences with remote controls ? I mean I've got  we got um  we had three videos , a T_V_ and a sort of amp thing all set up so we got one of the universal remote controls , um that you programme each of your things into , but that kept losing the signals so we'd have to re-programme it every now and again . I think it was quite a cheapie as well , so that might have had something to do with it , but that was quite good , the fact that you could  
A:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Alright . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , that c 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Yeah uh . Use all the ones at the same time . 
B:  You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you . 
D:  Right . 
A:  Okay , you wanna integrate everything into one like  
C:  Yeah , 'cause you  
D:  Mm-hmm . My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy , not doing any tampering with it and programming , using it to programme T_V_ and uh uh videos and things . But basically on , off , volume up and down , channel one , two , th that basic functions , I don't think I could go any further with it than that , so , I suppose it's got to be something usable by someone like me as well . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Mm . Yeah , the main  that's the main stuff anyway , I mean  and you don't want to  I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do and just sitting there searching for the teletext button or something like that . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm . And symbols that you don't necessarily understand , symbols you're meant to understand that you don't . 
B:  Yeah . <other> Um . 
A:  So simplification of symbols you could think of . 
B:  When they're  when you've got the main things on the front of it and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording , things like that inside it . 'Cause it doesn't make  when you pick it up it doesn't make it really complicated to look at , it's obvious what you're doing , um . 
D:  Oh yeah . Mm-hmm . Mm . Mm-hmm . 
C:  Mm . 
D:  Actually that just raises a point , I wonder what our design people think , but you know on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it's got a menu display , I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful , so you've got a little L_C_D_ display . 
A:  Mm-hmm . Menu , alright . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh uh  Right , I was thinking on the same lines you , instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display or something like that , like a mobile , yeah and with menus . And if it's s somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone , people might find it easier to browse and navigate also maybe . 
D:  With menus , yeah , yeah . Yeah . 
B:  What about the older generation ? What about granny and grandads ? 
A:  <laugh> You mean to save it lesser number . 
B:  Um , my grandad can answer his mobile phone , but he couldn't even dream of texting or something like that . 
C:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Can he programme his remote control or is it basic with that too ? 
A:  Right . 
B:  I don't think they tape things , I don't think they use  
C:  Yeah , my grandad's actually better than me at using teletext , so <laugh> . 
D:  Right . Right . So that's a problem regardless of of any design modifications you you come up with , that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps , and that's another issue how we tackle that . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm , yeah , the age gap . 
C:  Yeah , what it just needs to be  as long as it's sort of self-intuitive and you can can work out what everything's doing , 'cause I mean , menus on sort of new phones now they've sort of got all these pictures and stuff which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do . 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  I don't know , I d I don't like the , you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system . 
C:  But I don't know how  Oh yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  I find it really confusing , I kept getting lost <other> in the phone , I di I've not got a new one but uh my friend got a new one and I was trying to do things with it and I just kept getting lost , but 
D:  Right . 
B:  that's just me . 
C:  Yeah , I don't I don't know how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway , I'd assume . 
D:  <laugh> 
B:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Is it possible that that for the older generation you could have like an extra button that you press for large print like you do in large print books ? Obviously it displays less on the screen , it displays less on the screen but as long as they can read it that's the main thing . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Teletext has got that option as well . Yeah . Or what about kind of a dual function ? In that you've got the basic buttons just for your play , volume , programme things and also  and then a menu to go into with obvious pictures , obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that . 
D:  Mm-hmm . <other> Yeah . Mm-hmm . Mm . The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top , your screen is  you can have a bigger screen in the the flip over . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Mm , okay . 
B:  I think that's a cost thing , I don't I don't know how much we're gonna know about  
A:  S 
C:  Y 
A:  It might it might save a b bit of space , it's i instead of looking bulky , it might look small . But it might have its cost implications . 
D:  Yeah ? Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yes , no that's important . 
D:  Yeah , like smaller . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone , it can still be lightweight plastic , you know ? Something that's easily moulded and produced . Sorry I'm treading on your territory guys . <laugh> 
B:  Mm . 
A:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  No uh uh  
B:  <laugh> 


B:  Um , right , okay we've got half an hour before the next meeting , so we're all gonna go off and do our individual things . Um I think that's probably about it and then we'll come back and liaise again and I get to do another fantastic PowerPoint presentation . 
C:  Yeah . 


C:  Just just a quick thing about the um <other> about what you're saying about the uh  does does it need to be fashionable ? The sort of  I I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the the uh  we put the fashion into electronics , so I think think the whole design thing might be qui I mean you don't  you you can still have plastic and it'd look quite good but  
B:  Sure . 
D:  Ah right . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Okay . Sure b y yeah . But  yeah , I mean it doesn't have to be that , you know <other> th that was my main point , we don't have to use metal , I don't know if using plastic does make it cheaper , I presume it would . Yeah , yeah , yeah . 
C:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  I would  it would probably . 
D:  Right . Okay . 
B:  I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything . They're kind of moulded and look a bit different , and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic , which looks a bit smarter , so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about . 


B:  Okay , so let's break it up there . 
D:  'Kay . 
B:  Okay ? So , see you in half an hour . 
C:  Okay . 
D:  Do we go back to our room ? Yep ? 
B:  I think so , yeah . 
A:  Mm , yeah . 


