A:  So today is um our third meeting . 

A:  um . We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons 

A:  Uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point . 

A:  So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform 

D:  I investigate deeper the preference of the users . 

D:  What I found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device . 

D:  what they what they find more more interesting , more  or more important it's uh a fancy look and feel instead of uh instead of the current the current trend which was f the functional look and feel . 

D:  all this fashion it's <cough> it's fruit and the the the theme is fruit and vegetables . 

B:  What what do you mean by <laugh> fruit and vegetables and spongy ? 

D:  I didn't miss and I saw that the fruit , there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes . 

B:  So we're not gonna have a remote control in the shape of of a banana , 

D:  Vegetable textures and all this kind . 

B:  So which fruit are you thinking of ? 

D:   I ha I haven't thought of any particular fruit , 

D:  instead of vegetable , some natur mm uh natural object or something . 

B:  or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the   

D:  No , not n not not too much focus , not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend the trend will be different . 

B:  I'm not , I'm not really sure if uh that would really appeal to everyone though , 

B:  like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner , 

B:  Is fruit cool ? 

B:  Okay , but it has to be easy to uh to use though and to hold you know , 

B:  Well , probably the only thing is a banana that I can think of , 

B:  a cucumber . 

A:  Maybe too long . 

A:  and you you you will not have pla enough  a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also . 

D:  and also it's  I'm not convinced about this L_C_D_ 

D:  Uh do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros ? <laugh> 

A:  you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons  with only a few buttons . 

B:  Okay . So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit , 

A:  So you are User Interface guy . 

B:  It means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that . 

B:  I guess you could build that in , you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control . 

B:  but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done . 

A:  Is this a technology that recognize keywords  speech keywords ? 

B:  it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords , but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase . 

A:  So this is not s really to do to to do control . 

B:  It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing , 

A:   yeah comp <laugh> completely pointless <laugh> for the inter for  from the interaction point of v point of view  . 

A:  So this is out of discussion . 

B:  I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so  

B:  I've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our <laugh> potential funky-looking uh remote control  

B:  But um , I've just indicated here , we could have actually two scroll wheels , 

B:  <other> But I think it's important , you know , to have two scroll wheels because , you know , you want one for for the channel , but you also want one for for the volume , 

B:  I've also included this turbo button 

B:  because I think , you know , every design should have a turbo button , 

B:  so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if uh , you know , if I'm if I'm going  if I'm scrolling past them 

B:  but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need , um . 

B:  it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana 

B:  well , I guess you need an on and off switch , 

A:  So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing . 

D:  I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so . 

A:  No we can we can't use that . 

B:  Well , I f I think it's probably more than , than our  can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine , you know , to say hello in the morning . 

B:  I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is , you know , even if we can do it , I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment . 

B:  It might be useful to have some kind of base station , 

C:  So this is going to be about the component design . 

B:  I guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy . 

C:  and then it should be double curve . 

C:  with plastic you can have double curve but with uh certain other materials we cannot have double curve . 

C:  but plastic is I think is the most appropriate one , 

A:  Yeah but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than uh in wood . 

B:  but are we set on the banana idea ? 

D:  the shape of a banana is not it's not really handy . 

A:  Yes it is . 

B:  Yeah , okay , so capsicum or pepper . Yeah . 

B:  But  like a banana you can you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top 

C:  Okay , so push buttons for the traditional users so that they don't feel they are alienated , 

C:  Then uh there are different kind of chips , 

C:  Pricing is a factor for us , that's why we'll go for the regular chip . 

B:  So are there any issues where we place this this chip to make sure you can actually hear the the speaker from the outside of the banana ? 

C:  Uh , so we can have it at one of the boundaries so that things are slightly better . 

C:  or as hearing is concerned , we can have some gap at some place , 

C:  so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_ , 

B:  It depends , if we like , if we are concentrating on like a fruit design , then maybe maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit , you know , like a different fruit for each device . 

C:  So you're having the basis station and there is a button , 

B:  <other> I think that's a pretty handy feature . 

D:  Yeah but I'm a bit worried about the budget .  

C:  basis station is nothing more , just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable and uh you're having one socket on which the thing sits . 

C:  L_C_D_ has already been ruled out , A_S_R_ has been ruled out . 

B:  I'm just wondering actually , 'cause , you know , I  this whole fruit thing with the banana , it's um it seemed like  it first seems a bit kind of uh niche , like only a few people would really want a banana , 

A:  If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana . 

B:  maybe  like still in the shape of a banana . 

B:  Um , but you know , just maybe maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana 

A:  Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype . 

A:  So we need to take some de decisions about um <other> about what we're going to do . 

A:  so we're going for a stylish banana shape . 

A:  <laugh> We'll have a base station extra uh on the side . 

A:  So we  that means we need a button on th on the on the basis . 

A:  and your tur turbo turbo uh button . 

B:  Yeah , which  I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , 

A:  And and you have two wheels . 

B:  Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well . 

B:  Well , I dunno if the traditional user is gonna buy a a banana remote 

C:  But you know our targets are very high , means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make . 

A:  You have to uh work on the look and feel uh design 

