A:  <other> Okay ? Good afternoon . Hope you have good lunch . 
C:  Afternoon . Yeah , we had falafel . 
B:  Hi . 
A:  Oh . Nice . And you ? 
B:  Uh , yes , I had something similar but non-vegetarian . 
A:  <other> 


A:  Okay . So today is um our third meeting . It will be about the conceptual design <other> uh . If I come back to uh the minutes of the last meetings um . We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons and we are not decided about u the use of L_C_D_ screen on on the remote control because of costs . So maybe we cou wi will be able to clarify this this question to today . Uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point . So I hope uh that your respective pr presentations uh will help us . So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform um who starts ? 
D:  Okay ,  . 
A:  So marketing . 
D:  <laugh> <cough> 
C:  <cough> 
A:  <other> So you are  you saved your y your presentation somewhere ? 
D:  Yep . 
A:  So you're four ? 
D:  Four , yeah . 
A:  Which is trend watch . <other> Okay . Mr Marketing Experts . 


C:  <cough> 


A:  Okay . <other> Thanks . Um . Okay , I'll give the floor . So you are User Interface guy . 
B:  Okay . 
A:  So you're three ? 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  And it's this one . 
B:  Yep . 
A:  Go for it . 
B:  <laugh> Yep . Okay . So . S next uh slide . Okay . So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit , um which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control <laugh> . 
C:  But it's just a speaker right ? 
B:  It's  no , what it is , it's it's very  
C:  It's not a microphone . 
B:  It has a has a microphone , has a speaker , it's got a little chip and it allows you t 
C:  Mm-hmm . Actually I'm not reading microphone there , so that's why you can all have conversation , it  just to speak to you . 
B:  Well , it's a sample sensor sample speaker . Sample sensor sample speaker . It means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that . But uh there's no kind of um understanding of the phrase . So , I mean , you know , I guess you could build that in , you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control . But basically the thing is , we have this technology available 
C:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Okay . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm , mm-hmm . In-house . 
B:  in-house . So , um but the thing is obviously there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components , so um it it  but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done . 
C:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . 
B:  Whilst you know , some people might get annoyed if we uh if we just dump it ,   
A:  I  there's something that I  unclear really understanding . Is this a technology that recognize keywords  speech keywords ? 
B:  It's it it's no , well , it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords , but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase . You train it for a certain uh , for a certain phrase , you say  the the example they said that they have uh up and running with their prototype is um  well they've actually integrated into the into the the coffee machine that uh that we're producing is , you can say good morning to the coffee machine and it can recognize that phrase and it'll playback good morning , how would you like your coffee ? 
A:  And it's just to , it's just to playback something ? 
B:  Yeah . So actually that was a bad example , 'cause it doesn't actually ask how do you want your coffee because it can't really understand the response , so . 
A:  Yeah yeah . So this is not s really to do to to do control . 
B:  Only , like , only in the sense that it it can recognize a set a set target kind of word an 
A:  Yeah . This is just more like a poi pois yeah . 
B:  It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing , but I guess you could use it as uh as a way to implement uh  
A:  Yeah yeah . So it it's c uh it it it is a uh uh easy uh a fancy thing that you you can bring to  we can bring to the remote control that will not have any uh  yeah comp <laugh> completely pointless <laugh> for the inter for  from the interaction point of v point of view  . 
D:  Yeah but you can u 
B:  Completely pointless yeah . <laugh> Yeah . Yeah , unless you know , you like having conversation with your remote control . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah but the  can we use it for saying okay , channel fifty , channel twenty ? 
B:  <laugh> Well yeah , that's the thing , if  you can but <other> you have to pro though I think it's a fairly simple design so you would have to record into the device every possible combination , you have to s tr train it to l to learn channel fifteen , that whole thing , not just the word channel and the word fifteen , it doesn't have that kind of logic in it . So  
A:  Yeah yeah . So this is so this is this is much more than tak taking this technology , bringing it to the remote control and using it . So this is out of discussion . So if if if it is something that you can  we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Yeah , that would be some development work . Yeah . 
D:  M Mando . 
B:  <laugh> Banana-mando . <laugh> Banana-man <laugh> 
A:  No this is mm banana-bando , yeah . Uh then it could be cool yeah . 
D:  Banana-mando yeah . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  Yeah okay , let's go ahead . 
A:  Okay . 
B:  I uh I I I don't think it's worth it though , I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so  
A:  Okay . 
B:  Um , yeah . So if we can just move on to the next slide , I've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our <laugh> potential funky-looking uh remote control  
D:  <laugh> 
A:  It doesn't look like a banana at all . 
B:  Well , you see , I was I was unaware at this point of th of the fruit focus , um , so at the moment it's more of a box focus . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  <other> Looks like a tr look likes a a tro a tropical fruit . 
A:  But you you can fit i you're saying now you can fit it to  
B:  <laugh> Yeah , well , this is actu this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be you know square so that it packs tighter in the boxes . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . <laugh> 
B:  But um , I've just indicated here , we could have actually two scroll wheels , 'cause I think the scroll wheel is a fairly um key part of , you know , I think everyone has has agreed that it's  that it could be quite a useful um thing , so . 
C:  Stable thing , that's right . To have  , mm-hmm , mm-hmm . 
B:  <other> But I think it's important , you know , to have two scroll wheels because , you know , you want one for for the channel , but you also want one for for the volume , because it's it's  the volume i it's , you know it's very handy for it to have uh instant kind of uh feedback uh and response , so . 
A:  Mm . 
C:  Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . 
B:  <other> But um , I've also included this turbo button because I think , you know , every design should have a turbo button , and  well <other> so this is you know , a unique problem with with televisions is that if you have this scro this scroll wheel for the television , the uh the tuner on the T_V_ is not gonna be able to to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll , so you know , the th the person might want to have a uh  
D:  What's a turbo button ? 
B:  Might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them , in which case it just waits until you stop scrolling and then , you know , displays that station . Or they might want to scroll and and have a quick glimpse of it , even if it lags behind what they're doing  . 
D:  It con it controls the speed ? 
B:  Yeah , so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if uh , you know , if I'm if I'm going  if I'm scrolling past them and you know , it's um , you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel you know it's really going fast or whatever . 
A:  <other> <cough> 
B:  So yeah , that's um , those are the two important uh features I think we need on the remote , but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need , um . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  You know , i it could be , you know , if we if we wanna have like a very cheap kind of device , I mean , we could either consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very , if it's gonna be a banana , you know that's a pretty gimmicky kind of thing that doesn't have that much functionality , it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana and it's still very  it may even be for most  for some people more functional than their current remote , but if they have these scroll wheels , so , um <other> you know , what other buttons do we want ? 
A:  It's enough . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  I mean we could have  well , I guess you need an on and off switch , but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe , you know , it's kind of like a spy kind of flick thing . 
A:  Switch on . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . So sounds crazy . I like crazy ideas . 
B:  <laugh> That's why you're a marketing guru . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay . So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing . 
D:  Yeah , of course . <laugh> 
B:  Well , that's the thing , as  have we decided that we can only spend , uh , twenty five Euro ? 
A:  I think that  
B:  Well not spend , but you know , charge twenty five Euro . 
D:  I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so . 
A:  No we can we can't use that . 
D:  You  we can ? We can't . 
A:  We can't use that to 
C:  Communicate . 
A:  to comman co communicate , it's just a thing  
D:  Yeah , but we can say channel twenty five . No ? 
C:  It's one way . 
A:  No . 
B:  But then you have to have a template for every channel , for a hundred channels , you have to be able to to recognize  
D:  It's not a lot one hundred templates , it's not  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Mm . Well , I f I think it's probably more than , than our  can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine , you know , to say hello in the morning . 
A:  Yeah . 
D:  Ah , it's designed for a cof <laugh> okay . Is it design for a coffee machine ? 
B:  Well that's its current application , I would presume that it's kind of , they wouldn't design it to handle a hundred things th so . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . <other> Yeah . Maybe you could ask your  the  you could ask the engineering department if we can  
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yeah . A good good good thing . You want to g to move to your slides ? You're finished ? 
B:  But uh  
C:  Yeah , that's right , yeah . 
B:  Well I just I just made the point , I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is , you know , even if we can do it , I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment . 
A:  Yeah I think so . 
B:  But um I did have one thing from a previous meeting , you were talking about um being able to find the remote control and I was talking about extendin being able to extend the remote control by having you know , a base station that can control other things as well . It might be useful to have some kind of base station , even if it's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping , you know , this is a way of finding the remote . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Y in that case maybe the maybe the speech recognition  the speech thing could be useful just to say I'm here but uh it's probably a bit of overkill if you could just have a a beeping  
A:  Mm . Exactly yeah . 
C:  <laugh> So it's a speech synthesis kind of thing , something has been uh stored and it's just uh spoken out . 
B:  It's speech  It's it's speech synthesis and s it's speech kind of , not really speech recognition , but kind of pattern matching , yeah yeah . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  <cough> Oh , good idea . Very good . Okay , let's move on . 
C:  Yeah . That's right . 




A:  Okay . Let's move on . Uh uh  yeah . Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype . Go for it . 
C:  And uh going to the last slide . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Okay . 
A:  Well no , not not you , you can finish your slides before  
C:  Okay . Okay , so . Anyway , users'll be  so the findings is users'll be very interested in our locator device to find their misplaced remotes . So that was very  I thought it's a very good suggestion by everybody . That's it . Yep . 
A:  Mm <cough> okay . Okay . That's all ? Okay , so mm <cough> so well done for the presentations . So we need to take some de decisions about um <other> about what we're going to do . So I I propose that you go to the whiteboard and we're going to report all the ideas we had we had during this these presentations just to draw some sketch about what will be the prod final product and uh where Superman go banana and uh  uh extra func functionalities such as wheels , um the speaker unit um well not in order  not to lost the um the device , I do I don't remember you call it ? 
B:  <laugh> Yeah . Okay . <laugh> 
C:  Mm-hmm . That's right . The basis station . That's right . 
A:  Basis station , yeah . Uh so um <cough> so we're going for a stylish banana shape . 
B:  Yeah , so , I guess you wanna hold  like the way  the end of the banana you wanna kind of hold as ma you maybe wanna kinda hold like a gun rather than  'cause you don't want it to point kind of towards the floor . 
A:  Yeah , right . 
B:  So you know , so if you have like  
D:  What about what about this shape ? More or less . 
A:  We 
C:  There's less space on this to put with the buttons . 
A:  I if it i if it has really the model shape of a bana you could  the the starting is good but it could  it should have more the shape of a banana if you want to point really a at the thing . If you don't want to to to do that movement which is which is difficult  if you don't have to do it in fact , it's better . So ti time is running , we have to we have to we have to to move forward . So let's skip to uh this uh this this this idea . Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , but how many buttons do we need ? 
C:  Uh what about a  
B:  Okay , so  
A:  So we have this . We have a a basis um , how do you call it  ? 
B:  So  
C:  The base station . 
A:  A base station . <laugh> We'll have a base station extra uh on the side . 
C:  Right . 
B:   okay , so I guess we need , you know , something that can fit a banana shaped object . 
C:  Mm-hmm . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Uh , we have a R_F_ for um for beeping for beeping . We need b R_F_ to beep . So we  that means we need a button on th on the on the basis . 
C:  That's right , yeah , we need that , yeah . 
B:  Okay , so it's uh  Yeah . 
C:  Basis station . Yeah , yeah . 
A:  Basis station , thank you . <laugh> 
B:  Alright , so we need uh  okay . 
A:  <cough> Can you go quickly please ? Okay . <laugh> So we are going to add uh also um you  as you suggested the whee some wheels to control the volumes and channels and your tur turbo turbo uh button . 
B:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , which  I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , so you have  
C:  Turbo button . 
A:  Yeah , on the th yeah , maybe here . And the and the wheel a a at the level of the thumb for instance . 
B:  Yes . Yeah , so you have the thumb kind of here . So yeah , you need one one here and one on on the other side , so you got volume an and channel . And , uh  
A:  And and you have two wheels . Okay right . Good . So no L_C_D_ . 
B:  No L_C_D_ . 
A:  Okay great . <other> Um . <other> Very good . 
C:  Okay . 
B:  Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well . 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  Uh for the remote ? 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Oh , just the switch , no f not for the T_V_ for the T_V_ . Uh so you  
C:  Remotes don't have power on off switch . 
B:  Yeah . 
C:  Okay . S no , that'll be controlled by the  those buttons'll be there already , yeah . 
D:  What a 
B:  Where ? 
C:  Means on the remote . 
A:  On the side . 
C:  Because remote is going to have both the interfaces , scroll as well as buttons . They are not going to cost you much , everything is in-house and now you don't want the traditional users to be apprehensive of this . 
B:  Okay . Well , I dunno if the traditional user is gonna buy a a banana remote 
C:  Oh , yeah . That's that's another issue which I didn't think of . 
B:  in the first place , you know . Y I mean you need to kind of keep it um  
C:  But you know our targets are very high , means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make . 
D:  What about  
B:  Yeah , how many of these did we wanna sell ? I can't remember , what was  
C:  Twenty five . Twelve point five is the profit on one . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Twenty five . 
B:  Yeah , but how many units did we need to to sell  ? 
C:  Uh forty th four . 
D:  Four millions ? 
C:  Point point four million ? 
B:  Four point four million . 
C:  Point four million . 
B:  <other> That's a lot of fruit . 
C:  <laugh> In the market . 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  <laugh> What about a  
A:  Yeah . 


A:  So . Well . No . Time is running , we have to close the meeting in a few minutes . So , okay , the next step , you can come back to your seat . The next step is to go for <other>  to f is to go to uh 
B:  Okay . Okay . 
A:  to building a prototype , based on this , okay ? So next meeting you guys have to prepare the followi things . You have to uh work on the look and feel uh design and you have to work on the user interface , in fact you two you have to work together to model the first uh f first prototype . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  <laugh> 
A:  Uh Marketing Expert uh have to go to product evaluation . Okay ? 
D:  I wo what about adding the  this word spotting , keyword spotting recognition saying  volume up volume down ? 
A:  It's too difficult . 
D:  It's too difficult but people like innovation and that's really uh innovative and I don't know if it would cost a lot , just a few  five words . 
A:  It's not a possi it will not be possible to implement it for the next prototype , so t it's  in the next prototype so let's skip it . 
B:  Uh . 
D:  <laugh> Okay . 
C:  For the future prototypes . <laugh> 
A:  Yeah , maybe , for the n if if if it it works well , we'll go for uh an orange one . Yeah yeah , honour the fruit . 
B:  That can be the t That can be like the turbo banana plus plus commando . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Plus plus , okay . Maybe objective banana ? <laugh> 
A:  Okay . <laugh> Thanks very much . We'll see n next meeting . Bye . 
B:  <laugh> 
C:  So meeting's over ? 
B:  Okay . Yep . We have to go design the prototype . 
C:  Okay . Okay . Okay . Thank you . 
A:  Thank you . 
D:  Thank you . 
C:  The problem is after all this meeting there is  <laugh>  


