A:  Welcome to the meeting everyone . 
A:  This is the first meeting uh for developing our , our new product . 
A:   I'm Heather , I'm your Project Manager . 
A:  If everyone could go around and explain their role and um , and their name . 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group.

A:  And uh tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today , 
A:  um um as well as planning the project , 
A:  as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control . 
A:  Um , we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy , 
A:  um , a completely new style , so that , um , can really appeal to a , to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain kind of , uh , channel-changer . 
A:  And , um , it needs to be user-friendly for , um , maybe , for an example , for people that , um , can't see the numbers as well , 
A:  Yes , it's a television remote control . 
abst_sum - abstract: She then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly.

A:  and then , um , after we've brainstormed and , and thought about , we can come together in a meeting and , and discuss what , what um , what kind of functional design we want to use . 
A:  Same with conceptual design and detailed design . 
abst_sum - abstract: The meetings will focus on functional, conceptual, and detailed design.

A:  And , um , as a sort of team-building moment , um , I , I'd like us to , um , try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal . 
A:  My favourite animal , which changes all the time , okay , 
A:  right now it is an elk . 
B:  like all sorts of animals , but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat , in memory of my poor cat that died recently . <laugh> 
A:  and it , it is my favourite animal right now , 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature , 
B:  But I like cats because they're so independent , 
C:  I think my favourite animal would be a dog , 
C:  <laugh> . Um , I like dogs because , um , they're so good to humans , 
D:  I'm going to draw a butterfly , 
D:  because I saw a butterfly yesterday , that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving . 
abst_sum - abstract: Next, each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal.

A:  um , the next , um , thing we need to address is our financial department , to meet our our budget , 
A:  um , wanna make this um  selling price of twenty five Euros . 
A:  we can  like the price to create it will be significantly less . 
A:  Um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
D:  so we'll have a hundred percent profit then ? 
A:  So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas , any um suggestions that you may have so far , 
D:  I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing . 
A:  Um , we'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million Euro . 
A:  Um , and make it for an international market . 
B:  I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing . 
B:  So maybe if you could have some kind of 
B:  tracking <laugh> device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was . 
D:  There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel , so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something . 
C:  Do yous not find that , um , <other> like , there's a lot of , um , buttons on your remote control , and you don't know what half of them do . 
B:  Are we going into kind of novelty factors here . 
B:  I suppose , if we're he heading to have it , like make a huge profit out of this , it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing . 
A:  And the key issue here is , is being trendy and original . 
abst_sum - abstract: After that the project manager covers the project budget, and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look.

A:  Um , like you can go over your ideas , of course , in your own personal times . 
A:  Um , our next meeting will be in half an hour . 
A:  Industrial Designer . 
A:  You'll be beginning your , your working design . 
A:  Um , U_I_D_ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes . 
A:  and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag 
A:  Marketing Expert . 
A:  Um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour . 
abst_sum - abstract: Then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting.

A:  Industrial Designer . 
A:  You'll be beginning your , your working design . 
abst_sum - action: The Industrial Designer will be doing the working design.

A:  Um , U_I_D_ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes . 
abst_sum - action: The Interface Designer will do the technical functions design.

A:  and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag 
A:  Marketing Expert . 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will do the user requirements.

A:  Um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour . 
abst_sum - action: They were recieve specific instructions on what to do.

A:  Yes , it's a television remote control . 
abst_sum - decisions: It will be a television remote control.

A:  um , wanna make this um  selling price of twenty five Euros . 
abst_sum - decisions: The selling price will be twenty five Euros.

A:  Um , we'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million Euro . 
abst_sum - decisions: The profit will be fifty million Euros.

A:  Um , and make it for an international market . 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will target the international market.

A:  Um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents . 
abst_sum - decisions: The control will cost a maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents to produce.

None
abst_sum - problems: NA.

