A:  Should we do the digits ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  Well maybe it 's just , you know , how many t u u u u how many times you crash in a day . 
A:  First time  first time in the day , 
A:  you know . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  That 's  that 's great . 
A:  Uh . 
A:  Do we have an agenda ? 
A:  Liz  Liz and Andreas can't sh can't  uh , can't come . 
A:  So , they won't be here . 
A:  Uh , right , so  so I  I was just gonna talk briefly about the NSF ITR . 
A:  Uh , 
A:  and then , you have  
A:  I mean , I won't say much , 
A:  but   uh , but then , uh , you said  wanna talk about digits ? 
A:  Right . 
A:  Well if we  Yeah , we shouldn't add things in just to add things in . 
A:  I 'm actually pretty busy today , 
A:  so if we can   <laugh> we  
A:  a short meeting would be fine . 
A:  But there 's often things where people do false starts . 
A:  I know I 've done it , where I say  say a  
A:  Yeah , it 's five or six times out of  thousands ? 
A:  Four thousand ? 
A:  Yeah , I would , uh , <laugh> tak do the easy way , 
A:  yeah . 
A:  It  it 's kinda nice  
A:  I mean , wh who knows what studies people will be doing on  on speaker - dependent things 
A:  and so I think having  having it all  
A:  the speakers who we had is  is at least interesting . 
A:  So that 's a couple hours of  of , uh , speech , probably . 
A:  Which is a yeah reasonable  reasonable test set . 
A:  I see . 
A:  And the decision here , uh , was to continue with uh the words rather than the  the numerics . 
A:  Or neither . 
A:  But it 's just two thing  ways that you can say it . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Um  um , 
A:  that 's the only thought I have 
A:  because if you t start talking about these , you know u tr 
A:  She 's trying to get at natural groupings , 
A:  but it  there 's  there 's nothing natural about reading numbers this way . 
A:  I mean if you saw a telephone number you would never see it this way . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  She 's right . It 's  it  it 's a different problem . 
A:  I mean it 's a  it 's a  it 's an interesting problem  
A:  I mean , we 've done stuff with numbers before , 
A:  and yeah sometimes people  
A:  If you say s " three nine eight one " sometimes people will say " thirty - nine eighty - one " 
A:  or " three hundred  three hundred eighty - nine one " , 
A:  or  I don't think they 'd say that , 
A:  but  
A:  but th 
A:  no  
A:  But  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh , th thirty - eight ninety - one is probably how they 'd do it . 
A:  But  
A:  I see . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . Well , we 're probably gonna be collecting meetings for a while 
A:  and if we decide we still wanna do some digits later we might be able to do some different ver different versions , 
A:  but this is the next suggestion , 
A:  so . 
A:  OK . 
A:  OK , so uh e l I guess , let me , uh , get my  my short thing out about the NSF . 
A:  I sent this  
A:  actually this is maybe a little side thing . 
A:  Um , I  I sent to what I thought we had , uh , in some previous mail , as the right joint thing to send to , 
A:  which was " M  MTG RCDR hyphen joint " . 
A:  But then I got some sort of funny mail saying that the moderator was going to  
A:  Oh . 
A:  Oh , OK . 
A:  No  no , th I got  I got , uh , little excited notes from Mari and Jeff and so on , 
A:  so it 's  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  I see . 
A:  Yeah so O  OK . Well , anyway , I guess  everybody here  Are y are  
A:  you are on that list , 
A:  right ? 
A:  So you got the note ? 
A:  Yeah ? OK . 
A:  Um , 
A:  so this was , uh , a , uh , proposal that we put in 
A:  before on  on more  more higher level , uh , issues in meetings , 
A:  from  I guess higher level from my point of view . 
A:  Uh , <breath-laugh> and , uh , meeting mappings , 
A:  and , uh  
A:  so is i for  it was a <mouth> proposal for the ITR program , 
A:  uh , Information Technology Research program 's part of National Science Foundation . 
A:  It 's the  second year of their doing , uh , these grants . 
A:  They 're  they 're  
A:  a lot of them are  
A:  some of them anyway , are larger  larger grants than the usual , small NSF grants , 
A:  and . 
A:  So , they 're very competitive , 
A:  and they have a first phase where you put in pre - proposals , 
A:  and we  we , uh , got through that . 
A:  And so th the  the next phase will be  we 'll actually be doing a larger proposal . 
A:  And I 'm  I  I hope to be doing very little of it . 
A:  And  
A:  uh , <laugh> which was also true for the pre - proposal , 
A:  so . 
A:  Uh , there 'll be bunch of people working on it . 
A:  So . 
A:  Uh , I think April ninth , or something . 
A:  So it 's about a month . 
A:  Um  
A:  Tomorrow . 
A:  March second , I said . 
A:  So that 's amazing you showed up at this meeting ! 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  My favorite is was when  when  when one reviewer says , uh , " you know , this should be far more detailed " , 
A:  and the nex the next reviewer says , " you know , there 's way too much detail " . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  We 'll see . 
A:  Maybe there 'll be something useful . 
A:  And  and , uh  
A:  Do you know anything about the numbers ? 
A:  I 
A:  I should go back and look . 
A:  I didn't  I don't think that 's true . 
A:  Well we 'll have to see what the numbers are . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  But they  they have to weed out enough so that they have enough reviewers . 
A:  So , uh , you know , maybe they didn't r weed out as much as usual , 
A:  but it 's  it 's usually a pretty  
A:  But it  
A:  Yeah . It 's  it 's certainly not  I 'm sure that it 's not down to one in two or something 
A:  of what 's left . 
A:  I 'm sure it 's , you know  
A:  Well there 's different numbers of w awards for different size  
A:  They have three size grants . 
A:  This one there 's , 
A:  um  
A:  See the small ones are less than five hundred thousand total over three years 
A:  and that they have a fair number of them . 
A:  Um , 
A:  and the large ones are , 
A:  uh , 
A:  boy , I forget , 
A:  I think , more than , 
A:  uh , 
A:  more than a million and a half , more than two million or something like that . 
A:  And  and we 're in the middle  
A:  middle category . 
A:  I think we 're , 
A:  uh , uh , 
A:  I forget what it was . 
A:  But , um  
A:  Uh , I don't remember , 
A:  but it 's  pr probably along the li 
A:  I  I could be wrong on this 
A:  yeah , but probably along the lines of fifteen or  that they 'll fund , or twenty . 
A:  I mean when they  Do you  do you know how many they funded when they f in  in Chuck 's , 
A:  that he got last year ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well they fund  
A:  they  
A:  yeah . 
A:  I mean  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I mean last time I think they just had two categories , 
A:  small and big , 
A:  and this time they came up with a middle one , 
A:  so it 'll  there 'll be more of them that they fund than  of the big . 
A:  Uh . 
A:  You know , it  i 
A:  None of it will go for those yachts that we 've talking about . 
A:  Um , well , 
A:  no , I mean it 's  u 
A:  It  
A:  It 's extending the research , 
A:  right ? 
A:  Because the other  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah the other things that we have , uh , been working on with , uh , the c with Communicator  
A:  uh , especially with the newer things  
A:  with the more acoustically - oriented things are  are  are  are lower level . 
A:  And , 
A:  this is dealing with , uh , mapping on the level of  of , um , the conversation  
A:  of mapping the conversations 
A:  to different kind of planes . 
A:  So . Um . But , um . 
A:  So it 's all it 's all stuff that none none of us are doing right now , 
A:  or none of us are funded for , 
A:  so it 's  so it 's  it would be new . 
A:  Well there 's evenings , and there 's weekends , 
A:  and  Uh . 
A:  Yeah , there  there would be  there would be new hires , 
A:  and  and there  there would be expansion , 
A:  but , 
A:  also , there 's always  <breath> for everybody there 's  there 's always things that are dropping off , 
A:  grants that are ending , 
A:  or other things that are ending , 
A:  so , 
A:  there 's  there 's a <laugh> continual need to  to bring in new things . 
A:  But  but there definitely would be new  new  new , uh , students , 
A:  and so forth , both at  at UW and here . 
A:  Um , not  clear yet . 
A:  Not clear yet . 
A:  I mean we got <laugh>  we have  
A:  yeah , two of them are  two in the c There 're  two in the class already here , 
A:  and then  
A:  and  and , uh  uh , 
A:  then there 's a third who 's doing a project here , 
A:  who , uh  But he  he  he won't be in the country that long , 
A:  and , 
A:  maybe another will end up . 
A:  Actually there is one other guy who 's looking  that  that 's that 
A:  guy , uh , 
A:  Jeremy ?  I think . 
A:  Anyway , yeah that 's  that 's all I was gonna say is that  that that 's  you know , that 's nice 
A:  and we 're sorta preceding to the next step , 
A:  and , <breath> it 'll mean some more work , uh , you know , in  in March in getting the proposal out , 
A:  and then , it 's , uh , you know  We 'll see what happens . 
A:  Uh , the last one was  that you had there ,  was about naming ? 
A:  Um ,  <clears throat> since we have such a short agenda list I guess I wi I will ask how  how are the transcriptions going ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I 'm a little confused . 
A:  I thought that  that one of the reason we thought we were so much faster than  than , uh , the  the other transcription , uh , thing was that  that we were using the mixed  file . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Sure . 
A:  Uh , well I think it 's a short meeting . 
A:  Uh , you 're  you 're  you 're still in the midst of what you 're doing from what you described last time , I assume , 
A:  and  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , I 'd like to talk with you about it . 
A:  If  if  if , uh  If I don't have enough time and y you wanna discuss with someone else  
A:  some someone else besides us that you might want to talk to , uh , might be Stephane . 
A:  Yeah and  and Thilo , 
A:  yeah . 
A:  Yeah , but  
A:  I see . 
A:  Yeah , that 's wh 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . I 'd hafta look at that and think about it . 
A:  It 's  it 's  it 's  I haven't worked with that either 
A:  so I 'm not sure  
A:  The way  <breath> the simple - minded way I suggested was what Chuck was just saying , is that you could make a  a sieve . 
A:  You know , y you actually say that here is  
A:  Let 's  let 's hypothesize that it 's this frequency or that frequency , 
A:  and  and , uh , 
A:  maybe you  maybe you could use some other cute methods to , uh , short cut it by  by uh , making some guesses , 
A:  but  but uh  uh  uh , 
A:  I would , uh  
A:  I mean you could make some guesses from , uh  from the auto - correlation or something 
A:  but  but then , given those guesses , try , 
A:  um , uh , 
A:  only looking at the energy at multiples of the  of that frequency , 
A:  and  and see how much of the  
A:  take the one that 's maximum . 
A:  Call that the  
A:  But  
A:  Of all the harmonics of that . Yeah . 
A:  No . 
A:  To get the pitch , yes . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  Well so the thing is that the  
A:  This is for , 
A:  uh , a , um  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh , well , 
A:  yeah that 'd be good . 
A:  But , uh  but I  but  <laugh> but I don't know that you need to  
A:  but I don't need you  know if you need to get rid of it . 
A:  I mean that 'd  that 'd be nice 
A:  but I don't know if it 's ess if it 's essential . 
A:  Um , I mean  cuz I think the main thing is that , uh , you 're trying  
A:  wha what are you doing this for ? 
A:  You 're trying distinguish between the case where there is , uh  where  where there are more than  uh , where there 's more than one speaker 
A:  and the case where there 's only one speaker . 
A:  So if there 's more than one speaker , 
A:  um  
A:  yeah I guess you could  I guess  
A:  yeah you 're  so you 're not distinguished between voiced and unvoiced , 
A:  so  so , i if you don't  if you don't care about that  
A:  See , if you also wanna <vocal squeak> just determine  if you also wanna determine whether it 's unvoiced , <breath-sniffle> then I think you want to  look  look at high frequencies also , 
A:  because the f the fact that there 's more energy in the high frequencies is gonna be an ob sort of obvious cue that it 's unvoiced . 
A:  But , i i uh  <vocal squeak> I mean i i 
A:  but , um , 
A:  other than that I guess as far as the one person versus two persons , it would be  primarily a low frequency phenomenon . 
A:  And if you looked at the low frequencies , yes the higher frequencies are gonna  there 's gonna be a spectral slope . 
A:  The higher frequencies will be lower energy . 
A:  But so what . 
A:  I mean  <laugh> that 's  that 's w 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , but  yeah I don't think you can  I mean you 're not gonna be able to look at every frame , 
A:  so I mean  
A:  I  I mean I  I really  I I really thought that the best way to do it , 
A:  and I 'm speaking with no experience on this particular point , 
A:  but , <breath> my impression was that the best way to do it was however you  You 've used instantaneous frequency , whatever .  However you 've come up  you  with your candidates , you wanna see how much of the energy is in that 
A:  as coppo as opposed to all of the  all  the total energy . 
A:  And , um , if it 's voiced , 
A:  I guess  so  so y I think maybe you do need a voiced - unvoiced determination too . 
A:  But if it 's voiced , 
A:  um , and the , uh  
A:  e the fraction of the energy that 's in the harmonic sequence that you 're looking at is relatively low , then it should be  then it 's more likely to be an overlap . 
A:  But you 're looking a y you 're looking at  
A:  Let 's take a second with this . 
A:  Uh , uh , 
A:  you 're looking at f at the phase derivative , 
A:  um , 
A:  in  in , uh , 
A:  what domain ? 
A:  I mean this is  this is in  in  in  in bands ? 
A:  Or  or  
A:  Just  just overall  
A:  And you just take the instantaneous frequency ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Oh ! 
A:  But the instantaneous frequency , 
A:  wouldn't that give you something more like the central frequency of the  you know , of the  where most of the energy is ? 
A:  I mean , I think if you  
A:  Does i does it  Why would it correspond to pitch ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Oh , so you scale  you s you do a  a scaling along that axis according to instantaneous  
A:  It 's a kinda normalization . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I see . 
A:  Huh . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK , yeah well I  I guess I 'm not following it enough . 
A:  I 'll  probably gonna hafta look at the paper , 
A:  but  which I 'm not gonna have time to do in the next few days , 
A:  but  <breath> but I 'm  I 'm curious about it . 
A:  Um , uh , 
A:  OK . 
A:  I don't know  think it 'd be ideal . 
A:  We - See , we 're  we 're dealing with real speech 
A:  and we 're trying to have it be as real as possible 
A:  and breaths are part of real speech . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  It is  but it is if you record it . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . If it gets  
A:  Yeah  i Right . 
A:  If  if it gets in the way of what somebody is doing with it then you might wanna have some method which will allow you to block it , 
A:  but you  it 's real data . 
A:  You don't wanna b but you don't  
A:  If s you know , if there 's a little bit of noise out there , and somebody is  is talking about something they 're doing , that 's part of what we accept as part of a real meeting , 
A:  even  And 
A:  we have the f uh  the uh  the  the fan and the  in the projector up there , 
A:  and , uh , this is  it 's  this is actual stuff that we  we wanna work with . 
A:  So . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Wh - what  
A:  what if you put it in but didn't put the boundaries ? 
A:  So you just know it 's between these other things , 
A:  right ? 
A:  Yeah I mean I 'm think if it 's too  if it 's too hard for us to annotate the breaths per se , <breath> we are gonna be building up models for these things 
A:  and these things are somewhat self - aligning , 
A:  so if  so , <breath> we  i i if we say there is some kind of a thing which we call a " breath " or a " breath - in " or " breath - out " , <breath> the models will learn that sort of thing . 
A:  Uh , so  but you  but you do want them to point them at some region where  where the breaths really are . 
A:  So  
A:  Yeah , i 
A:  You know there is  there 's this dynamic tension between  between marking absolutely everything , as you know , 
A:  and  and  and 
A:  marking just a little bit and counting on the statistical methods . 
A:  Basically the more we can mark the better . 
A:  But if there seems to be a lot of effort for a small amount of reward in some area , 
A:  and this might be one like this  
A:  Although I  I  I 'd be interested to h get  get input from Liz and Andreas on this to see if they  
A:  Cuz they 've - they 've got lots of experience with the breaths in  in , uh , uh , their transcripts . 
A:  Actually  
A:  Well , <laugh> yes they do , 
A:  but we  <breath> we can handle that without them here . 
A:  But  but  but , uh , 
A:  you were gonna say something about  
A:  That sounds like a reasonable  reasonable compromise . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  u I  I wanted to comment a little more just for clarification about this business about the different purposes . 
A:  See , in a  in a way this is a really key point , 
A:  that for speech recognition , uh , research , 
A:  uh , um , 
A:  e a  it 's not just a minor part . 
A:  In fact , the  I think I would say the core thing that we 're trying to do is to recognize the actual , meaningful components in the midst of other things that are not meaningful . 
A:  So it 's critical  
A:  it 's not just incidental 
A:  it 's critical for us to get these other components that are not meaningful . 
A:  Because that 's what we 're trying to pull the other out of . 
A:  That 's our problem . 
A:  If we had nothing  
A:  if we had only linguistically - relevant things  
A:  if  if we only had changes in the spectrum that were associated with words , with different spectral components , 
A:  and , uh , we  we didn't have noise , 
A:  we didn't have convolutional errors , 
A:  we didn't have extraneous , uh , behaviors , and so forth , 
A:  and <breath> moving your head 
A:  and all these sorts of things , 
A:  then , actually speech recognition i i isn't that bad right now . 
A:  I mean you can 
A:  you know it 's  <breath> it 's  the technology 's come along pretty well . 
A:  The  the  the reason we still complain about it is because is  when  when you have more realistic conditions then  then things fall apart . 
A:  But that 's a research question , 
A:  you know ? 
A:  And so  
A:  that  
A:  And we don't either . 
A:  I mean so  so the thing is it 's  it  
A:  right now it 's just raw d it 's just data that we 're collecting , 
A:  and so <breath> we don't wanna presuppose that people will be able to get rid of particular degradations 
A:  because that 's actually the research that we 're trying to feed . 
A:  So , you know , an and maybe  maybe in five years it 'll work really well , 
A:  and  and it 'll only mess - up ten percent of the time , 
A:  but then we would still want to account for that ten percent , 
A:  so . 
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  I see . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Should we do the digits ? 
