B:  OK . 
B:  OK we 're on 
B:  and we seem to be working . 
B:  We didn't crash  we 're not crashing anymore 
B:  and it really bothers me . 
B:  You crashed  crashed this morning ? 
B:  I did not crash this morning . 
B:  I do . 
B:  I have agenda 
B:  and it 's all me . 
B:  Cuz no one sent me anything else . 
B:  I have no idea 
B:  but I just got it a few minutes ago . 
B:  Right when you were in my office it arrived . 
B:  So , does anyone have any a agenda items other than me ? 
B:  I actually have one more also which is to talk about the digits . 
B:  Oh , great . 
B:  I have a short thing about digits 
B:  and then uh I wanna talk a little bit about naming conventions , 
B:  although it 's unclear whether this is the right place to talk about it . 
B:  So maybe just talk about it very briefly 
B:  and take the details to the people who  for whom it 's relevant . 
B:  So the only thing I wanna say about digits is , we are pretty much done with the first test set . 
B:  There are probably forms here and there that are marked as having been read that weren't really read . 
B:  So I won't really know until I go through all the transcriber forms 
B:  and extract out pieces that are in error . 
B:  So I wa Uh . Two things . 
B:  The first is what should we do about digits that were misread ? 
B:  My opinion is , um , we should just throw them out completely , 
B:  and have them read again by someone else . 
B:  You know , the grouping is completely random , 
B:  so it  it 's perfectly fine to put a  a group together again 
B:  of errors 
B:  and have them re - read , 
B:  just to finish out the test set . 
B:  Um , the other thing you could do is change the transcript to match what they really said . 
B:  So those are  those are the two options . 
B:  What the transcribers did with that is if they did a correction , and they eventually did read the right string ,  you extract the right string . 
B:  Yeah . And didn't notice . 
B:  Which happens in a few places . 
B:  So  so  
B:  Correct . 
B:  And so the  the two options are change the transcript to match what they really said , 
B:  but then  but then the transcript isn't the Aurora test set anymore . 
B:  I don't think that really matters 
B:  because the conditions are so different . 
B:  And that would be a little easier . 
B:  Mmm , five or six times . 
B:  No , it 's not much at all . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Four thousand . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Four thousand lines . 
B:  And each line is between one and about ten digits . 
B:  I didn't  I didn't compute the average . 
B:  I think the average was around four or five . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  And , Jane , I do have a set of forms which I think you have copies of somewhere . 
B:  Oh you do ? 
B:  Oh OK , good , good . 
B:  Yeah , I was just wond 
B:  I thought I had  had all of them back from you . 
B:  And then the other thing is that , uh , the forms in front of us here that we 're gonna read later , were suggested by Liz 
B:  because she wanted to elicit some different prosodics from digits . 
B:  And so , uh , I just wanted people to , take a quick look at the instructions 
B:  and the way it wa worked and see if it makes sense 
B:  and if anyone has any comments on it . 
B:  Uh , yes , 
B:  although we could switch it back . 
B:  The problem was O and zero . 
B:  Although we could switch it back and tell them always to say " zero " or always to say " O " . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Sure . 
B:  Right . 
B:  The  the problem also is she did want to stick with digits . 
B:  I mean I 'm speaking for her since she 's not here . 
B:  But , um , the other problem we were thinking about is if you just put the numerals ,  they might say forty - three instead of four three . 
B:  Well , she and I were talking about it , 
B:  and she felt that it 's very , very natural to do that sort of chunking . 
B:  Not very frequently 
B:  but , <laugh> they certainly could . 
B:  So . I mean , this is something that Liz and I spoke about 
B:  and , since this was something that Liz asked for specifically , I think we need to defer to her . 
B:  Do something different , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  It was . 
B:  Joint . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  It 's  
B:  That 's because they set the one up at UW  
B:  that 's not on our side , that 's on the U - dub  side . 
B:  And so U - UW set it up as a moderated list . 
B:  And , I have no idea whether it actually ever goes to anyone 
B:  so you might just wanna mail to Mari 
B:  and  
B:  OK , good . 
B:  So the moderator actually did repost it . 
B:  Cuz I had sent one earlier  
B:  Actually the same thing happened to me  I had sent one earlier . 
B:  The message says , " You 'll be informed " 
B:  and then I was never informed 
B:  but I got replies from people indicating that they had gotten it , 
B:  so . 
B:  It 's just to prevent spam . 
B:  When 's  when 's the full proposal due ? 
B:  Yep . 
B:  And they said end of business day you could check on the reviewer forms , 
B:  is that  
B:  I 've been a day off all week . 
B:  I guess that 's a good thing 
B:  cuz that way I got my papers done early . 
B:  It is . It is actually quite amazing . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Or " this is way too general " , 
B:  and the other reviewer says , " this is way too specific " . 
B:  " This is way too hard " , 
B:  " way too easy " . 
B:  Well it sounded like they  they  the first gate was pretty easy . 
B:  Is that right ? 
B:  That they didn't reject a lot of the pre - proposals ? 
B:  No . 
B:  Just  just th 
B:  Yeah , OK . 
B:  Or something like that , 
B:  so . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  How  how many awards are there , 
B:  do you know ? 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  I thought it was smaller , 
B:  that it was like four or five , 
B:  wasn't it ? 
B:  Uh it doesn't matter , 
B:  we 'll find out one way or another . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Exactly what we say in the proposal . 
B:  Yeah it 's go higher level stuff than we 've been talking about for Meeting Recorder . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Are there any students in your class who are <breath> expressing interest ? 
B:  Other than the one who 's already here . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  It just , uh  we 've been cutting up sound files , in  for ba both digits and for , uh , doing recognition . 
B:  And Liz had some suggestions on naming 
B:  and it just brought up the whole issue that hasn't really been resolved about naming . 
B:  So , uh , one thing she would like to have is for all the names to be the same length 
B:  so that sorting is easier . 
B:  Um , 
B:  same number of characters 
B:  so that when you 're sorting filenames you can easily extract out bits and pieces that you want . 
B:  And that 's easy enough to do . 
B:  And I don't think we have so many meetings that that 's a big deal just to change the names . 
B:  So that means , uh , instead of calling it " MR one " , " MR two " , you 'd call it " MRM zero zero one " , 
B:  " MRM zero zero two " , things like that . 
B:  Just so that they 're  they 're all the same length . 
B:  The problem is that they 're a lot of fields . 
B:  Alright , 
B:  so we  we have th we 're gonna have the speaker ID , 
B:  the session , 
B:  uh  uh , 
B:  information on the microphones , 
B:  information on the speak on the channels and all that . 
B:  And so if each one of those is a fixed length , the sorting becomes a lot easier . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  And as I said , the it 's  we just don't have that many that that 's a big deal . 
B:  And so , uh , um , at some point we have to sort of take a few days off , 
B:  let the transcribers have a few days off , 
B:  make sure no one 's touching the data 
B:  and reorganize the file structures . 
B:  And when we do that we can also rationalize some of the naming . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . So the only thing that would change with that is just the directory names , 
B:  I would change them to match . 
B:  So instead of being MR one it would be MRM zero zero one . 
B:  But I don't think that 's a big deal . 
B:  So for  for m the meetings we were thinking about three letters and three numbers 
B:  for meeting I Ds . 
B:  Uh , for speakers , M or F and then three numbers , 
B:  For , uh  and , uh , 
B:  that also brings up the point that we have to start assembling a speaker database so that we get those links back and forth 
B:  and keep it consistent . 
B:  Um , 
B:  and then , uh , the microphone issues . 
B:  We want some way of specifying , more than looking in the " key " file , what channel and what mike . What channel , what mike , and what broadcaster . 
B:  Or  I don't know how to s say it . 
B:  So I mean with this one it 's this particular headset with this particular transmitter w  as a wireless . 
B:  And you know that one is a different headset and different channel . 
B:  And so we just need some naming conventions on that . 
B:  And , uh , 
B:  that 's gonna become especially important once we start changing the microphone set - up . 
B:  We have some new microphones that I 'd like to start trying out , 
B:  um , 
B:  once I test them . 
B:  And then we 'll  we 'll need to specify that somewhere . 
B:  So I was just gonna do a fixed list of , uh , microphones and types . 
B:  So , as I said  
B:  Open wide ! 
B:  Sorry . 
B:  Keep forgetting . 
B:  Well 
B:  The P D A might not have to , 
B:  but more people than just PDA users are interested in this corpus . 
B:  So  so mean you 're right 
B:  we could remove it , 
B:  but I  I think  we don't wanna w remove it from the corpus ,  in terms of delivering it 
B:  because the  people will want it in there . 
B:  Oh , just to save the transcribers time . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  They have lots of experience with breathing ? 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  OK . 
