E:  Um , so um the one th one thing I know that we have on that is uh we had talked a  a couple weeks before um uh about the uh  the stuff you were doing with  with uh um uh l l attempting to locate events , 

E:  and um then the other thing would be it might be nice to have a preliminary discussion of some of the other uh research uh areas that uh we 're thinking about doing . 

E:  but I think , you know , what we had meant by " events " I guess was uh points of overlap between speakers . 

E:  uh and one of the things I know that also came up uh is some discussions that  that uh  that uh Jane had with Lokendra 

E:  but anyway some  some potential collaboration there about  about the  about the  working with these data . 

B:  Um , so , uh , he was interested in the question of  you know , relating to his  to the research he presented recently , um of inference structures , 
B:  and uh , the need to build in , um , this  this sort of uh mechanism for understanding of language . 

B:  So , I looked through the transcript that we have so far ,  and um , fou identified a couple different types of things of that type 

E:  so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours 
E:  and um uh I thought that if we were going to project into the future when we had a lot of data , uh and um such things might be useful for that in or before we invested too much uh effort into that he should uh , with Jane 's help , look into some of the data that we 're  already have 

E:  And  and uh I got the impression from your mail that in fact there was enough things like this just in the little sample that  that you looked at that  that it 's plausible at least . 

B:  He 's interested in these  these knowledge structures , 
B:  inferences that you draw  i from  

E:  but we were in fact looking to see if there  is there  is there something in common between our interest in meetings and his interest in  in  in this stuff . 

F:  So I was just realizing we 've  You guys have been talking about " he " um for at least uh , I don't know , three  three four minutes without ever mentioning the person 's name again . 

C:  Yeah . Actually to make it worse ,  uh , Morgan uses " you " and " you " 

F:  So this is  this is  this is  gonna be a big , big problem if you want to later do uh , you know , indexing , or speech understanding of any sort . 

B:  And in fact , it is  it is  it is sensitive . 
B:  I  I came up with something from the Human Subjects people that I wanted to mention . 

B:  You know , I asked her very specifically about this clause of how , um , you know , it says " no individuals will be identified 

E:  But a actually , I 'm sorry . I really would like to push  finish this off . 

B:  So , we need to talk about this later . 

E:  Um , I  I would like to move it into  into uh what Jose uh has been doing 

D:  I  I remind that me  my first objective eh , in the project is to  to study difference parameters 
D:  to  to find a  a good solution to detect eh , the overlapping zone in eh speech recorded . 

E:  How many overlaps were there uh in it ? 

D:  Eh almost eh three hundred eh in one session 
D:  in five  eh in forty - five minutes . 

E:  So then , in the region between  since there  there is some continuous region , in between regions where there is only one person speaking . 
E:  And one contiguous region like that you 're calling an event . 

D:  I consider the  the , nnn  the nnn , nnn  eh , the entirety 
D:  eh , eh , all  all the time there were  the voice has overlapped . 

D:  But eh I  I don't distinguish between the  the numbers of eh speaker . 

D:  I  I con I consider  I consider acoustic events eh , the silent too . 

D:  And eh so eh I was eh  I am transcribing the  the first session 
D:  and I  I have found eh , eh one thousand acoustic events , 
D:  eh besides the overlapping zones , eh I  I  I mean the eh breaths eh aspiration eh , eh , talk eh , eh , clap , 

G:  The  the reason that I generated the mixed file was for IBM to do word level transcription , not speech event transcription . 
G:  So I agree that if someone wants to do speech event transcription , that the mixed signals here  
G:  I mean , if I 'm tapping on the table , you it 's not gonna show up on any of the mikes , but it 's gonna show up rather loudly in the PZM . 

D:  So and I  I  <mouth> I say eh that eh , eh , or this eh only because eh I c I  I  <mouth> in my opinion , it 's necessary to eh  to eh  to put the transcription on the speech file , collected by the objective signal . 

E:  The  the  the far - field , 

D:  Because I  I found a difference . 

D:  But eh my idea is to  to process only  nnn , this eh  nnn , this kind of s of eh speech . 

E:  Well , it 'd be hard , but on the other hand as you point out , if your  if i if  if your concern is to get uh the overlapping people  people 's speech , you will  you will get that somewhat better . 

D:  But eh the transcription  eh for example , I  I don't  I  I 'm not interested in the  in the  in the words , transcription words , eh transcribed eh eh in  eh follow in the  <mouth> in the  in the speech file , but eh eh Jane eh for example eh put a mark eh at the beginning eh of each eh talker , 

D:  um eh she  she nnn includes information about the zone where eh there are eh  there is an overlapping zone . 
D:  But eh there isn't any  any mark , time  temporal mark , to  to c eh  to mmm <mouth>  e - heh , to label  the beginning and the end of the  of the 

D:  I  I consider all the  all the session because eh I  I count the nnn  the nnn  the overlappings marked by  by Jane , 

E:  So it 's three hundred in forty - five minutes , 
E:  but you have  you have time uh , uh marked  twelve minute  the  the  the um overlaps in twelve minutes of it . 

B:  And  and sometimes , you know , it was like you could have an overlap where someone said something in the middle , 
B:  but , yeah , w it just wasn't important for our purposes to have it that  i disrupt that unit in order to have , you know , a the words in the order in which they were spoken , 
B:  it would have  it would have been hard with the interface that we have . 

E:  It took you a long time  to mark twelve minutes . 
E:  Now , my suggestion was for the other thirty - three  

D:  On - only to mark  only to mark overlapping zone , but  

E:  Yeah , and my question is , if you did that , if you followed my suggestion , would it take much less time ? 

D:  yeah . 

E:  Then I think it 's a good idea . 

C:  Now , why do you need to mark speaker overlap by hand if you can infer it from the relative energy in the  

E:  So the idea was that what he was going to be doing was experimenting with different measures 
E:  such as the increase in energy , such as the energy in the LPC residuals , such as  

E:  So the idea is to have some ground truth first . 
E:  And so the i the idea of the manual marking was to say " OK this , i you know , it 's  it 's really here " . 

E:  the idea was , i we i i we thought it would be useful for him to look at the data anyway , 
E:  and  and then whatever he could mark would be helpful , 

E:  but I mean we   if uh  if he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it . 
E:  And when  when uh Adam was doing his automatic thing he could then compare to that and see what it was different . 

C:  like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data , 

E:  Right so there 's this  this  There 's this forty - five minute piece that Jane transcribed . 

A:  H how many total have we recorded now , altogether ? 

G:  About twelve  by now . Twelve or thirteen . 

E:  We 're saying about  twelve hours . 

E:  but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys . 

E:  uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues , 
E:  and we 're recording those , 
E:  uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded , 

E:  i if we 're  if we collect fifty or sixty hours , the meeting meetings it will probably be , you know , twenty or thirty percent of it , 

C:  So there 's probably  there 's three to four a week , 

C:  And they 're each about an hour or something . 

G:  And so I have some scripts that let you very quickly extract the sections of each utterance . 

G:  Um , if I did that , is someone gonna be working on it ? 

E:  Yeah , whoever we have working on the acoustics for the Meeting Recorder are gonna start with that . 

G:  I  I would really like someone to do adaptation . 

E:  I mean , one of the things I wanted to do , uh , that I I talked to  to Don about , is one of the possible things he could do or m also , we could have someone else do it , is to do block echo cancellation , 

E:  and so the tack that we 've taken is more " lets come up with feature approaches and multi - stream approaches and so forth , that will be robust to it for the recognizer and not try to create a clean signal " . 
E:  Uh , that 's the party line . 

E:  So that 's something I 'd like somebody to do at some point , just take these digits , take the far - field mike signal , and the close uh mike signal , and apply really good echo cancellation . 

E:  not to try to completely remove it , that is , invert the  the room response , 
E:  but just to try to uh uh eliminate some of the  the effect of some of the echos . 

E:  that would subtract off  the um uh parts of the signal that were the aspects of the signal that were different between the close - talk and the distant . 

E:  Yeah , so you 're trying to  So you 'd  There 's a  a distance between the close and the distant mikes so there 's a time delay there , 

E:  So , echo cancelling is  is , you know , commonly done in telephony , 
E:  and  and  and it 's sort of the obvious thing to do in this situation if you  if , you know , you 're gonna be talking some distance from a mike . 

E:  somebody look  And  and the digits would be a reasonable thing to do that with . 

E:  Uh . Let 's see . I guess you  you actually already said this thing about the uh  about the consent forms , 

B:  The a apparently  I mean , we 're gonna do a revised form , of course . 

B:  So I think from a s practical standpoint , maybe we could have them do it once every ten meetings , or something . 

E:  We have  we have an hour uh that  that is transcribed , 
E:  we have  we have twelve hours that 's recorded but not transcribed , 

E:  So , I th I think that if we are able to keep that up for a few months , we are gonna have more like a hundred hours . 

E:  Yeah . So  Yeah . So I  I  uh , I  I 'd mentioned to Adam , and  that was another thing I was gonna talk  uh , mention to them before   that uh there 's uh  It  it oc it occurred to me that we might be able to get some additional data by talking to uh acquaintances in local broadcast media . 

E:  But um , it did occur to me that we could go to friends in broadcast media and say " hey you have this panel show ,  or this  you know , this discussion show , and um can you record multi - channel ? " 

E:  the other thing that occurred to me after we had that discussion , in fact , is that it 's even possible , since of course , many radio shows are not live ,  uh that we could invite them to have like some of their   record some of their shows here . 

E:  So I think it 's something we should look into , 

E:  But yeah I think that it 's not unreasonable to aim at getting , you know , significantly in excess of a hundred hours . 

C:  So um , not complaining , I was just trying to think , you know , what kinds of projects can you do now versus uh six months from now 

C:  you know , I don't wanna charge the time that I have on the project too early , before there 's enough data to make good use of the time . 

E:  i Yeah , so I would think , exploratory things now . Uh , three months from now  

E:  but I think as far as the collection , it doesn't seem to me l like , uh , unreasonable to say that uh in January , you know , ro roughly uh  which is roughly three months from now , we should have at least something like , you know , twenty - five , thirty hours . 

C:  but there 's  there are research questions you can answer without the transcriptions , or at least that you can start to answer . 

G:  So it 'll be early next week . 

E:  And  and um  d Do you have any idea when  when uh the  you 'll be able to send uh the ten hours to them ? 

E:  So I think once they get it sorted out about how they 're gonna do it , which I think they 're pretty well along on , cuz they were able to read the files and so on . 

E:  and uh I think it 's not going to be  I don't think it 's going to be that much more of a deal for them to do thirty hours then to do one hour , 

G:  It 's pipeline , pipeline issues . 

C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 

E:  Yeah . Well , we should also check with Mari again , because they  because they were really intending , you know , maybe just didn't happen , but they were really intending to be duplicating this in some level . 

E:  You know ? I  I  I  I think that  that people are gonna feel uh  are gonna feel a little bit constrained . 

E:  One of the things that I think is a little  a little bit of a limitation , there is a think when the people are not involved uh in our work , we probably can't do it every week . 

G:  So , I think it 's gonna be a problem to get people regularly . 

