C:  That 's a good way to end a meeting . 
C:  Oh , OK . 
C:  Oh . 
C:  Sure . 
C:  But he can use text , basically . 
C:  I mean , he 's talking about just using text 
C:  pretty much , 
C:  or  ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Yeah , there 's a lot of pronoun  
C:  I believe it . 
C:  Yeah . Actually to make it worse ,  uh , Morgan uses " you " and " you " 
C:  with gaze and no identification , 
C:  or  
C:  I just wrote this down . 
C:  Yeah , actually . Cuz Morgan will say well , " you had some ideas " 
C:  and he never said Li - He looked  
C:  Right , 
C:  so it 's great . 
C:  So this is really great 
C:  because the thing is , because he 's looking at the per even for addressees in the conversation , 
C:  I bet you could pick that up in the acoustics . 
C:  Just because your gaze is also correlated with the directionality of your voice . 
C:  Yeah , so that , I mean , to even know um when  
C:  Yeah , if you have the P Z Ms you should be able to pick up what a person is looking at from their voice . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Put Morgan always like this 
C:  and  
C:  But you don't have this  this problem . 
C:  Morgan is the one who does this most . 
C:  Even though you could pick up later on , just from the acoustics who you were t who you were looking at . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , yeah . 
C:  No , but that  
C:  it 's interesting . 
C:  But , then it won't  I mean , if we  if we  
C:  Yeah . I mean we should do whatever 's natural in a meeting if  if we weren't being recorded . 
C:  " If Person X  " 
C:  No , you have to say , you still don't know who " he " is , with that prosody . 
C:  It 's ambiguous , so it 's OK . 
C:  And the downsampling must have been Dan . 
C:  It 's an inference . 
C:  Overlapping speech . 
C:  So there 's a lot of overlap . 
C:  So . 
C:  But that can include taps . 
C:  Actually  
C:  Oh , OK . 
C:  Oh . 
C:  Alright . 
C:  But why can't you use the combination of the close - talking mikes , time aligned ? 
C:  I  I mean if you 're interested in speakers overlapping other speakers and not the other kinds of nonspeech , that 's not a problem , 
C:  right ? 
C:  But it 's known . 
C:  I mean , the normalization you do is over the whole conversation 
C:  isn't it , 
C:  over the whole meeting . 
C:  So if you wanted to study people overlapping people , that 's not a problem . 
C:  Well , not only a word level , but actually 
C:  I mean , you didn't need to show the exact point of interruption , 
C:  you just were showing at the level of the phrase or the level of the speech spurt , or  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Now , why do you need to mark speaker overlap by hand if you can infer it from the relative energy in the  
C:  I mean , you shouldn't need to do this p completely by hand , 
C:  right ? 
C:  I 'm sorry . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  In the far - field mike . 
C:  Oh , OK . 
C:  What I mean is  get it from the close - talking mikes . 
C:  A or ge get a first pass from those , 
C:  and then go through sort of  
C:  It 'd be a lot faster probably to  
C:  Yeah , I just  
C:  Right . 
C:  Well , that 's what I wonder , because um  
C:  or how bad it is , 
C:  be um , because that would be interesting 
C:  especially because the bottleneck is the transcription . 
C:  Right ? 
C:  I mean , we 've got a lot more data than we have transcriptions for . 
C:  We have the audio data , 
C:  we have the close - talking mike , 
C:  so I mean it seems like one kind of project 
C:  that 's not perfect , but  
C:  um , that you can get the training data for pretty quickly is , you know , 
C:  if you infer form the close - talking mikes where the on - off points are of speech , 
C:  you know , how can we detect that from a far - field ? 
C:  OK , 
C:  I 'm sorry I missed the  
C:  Uh - huh . 
C:  Right , 
C:  by hand . Yeah . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Right . 
C:  I 'm sorry . 
C:  I just  
C:  It 
C:  Well , it 's definitely good to have somebody look at it . 
C:  I was just thinking as a way to speed up you know , the amount of  
C:  OK . 
C:  It looks good . 
C:  I 'll be in touch . 
C:  Thanks . 
C:  Oh yeah , definitely . 
C:  They  they  
C:  Can I just ask about the data , 
C:  like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data , 
C:  just cuz I 'm  
C:  I wanted to get a feel for that 
C:  to sort of be able to know what  what can be done first 
C:  and like how many meetings are we recording 
C:  and  
C:  How many meetings is that ? 
C:  Like  how many  
C:  t ten  It 's like ten meetings or something ? 
C:  Uh - huh . 
C:  And  
C:  Uh - huh . And we 're recording only this meeting , like continuously 
C:  we 're only recording this one now ? or  ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Do they meet every week , 
C:  or every  
C:  Great . 
C:  So there 's probably  there 's three to four a week , 
C:  that we 're aiming for . 
C:  And they 're each about an hour or something . 
C:  So  
C:  OK . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Actually I have o 
C:  Not really . 
C:  It 's three to four per week . 
C:  So that 's what  You know , that  
C:  So that 's not a lot of hours . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I mean , is there  
C:  I know this sounds  tough but we 've got the room set up . 
C:  Um I was starting to think of some projects where you would use 
C:  well , similar to what we talked about with uh energy detection on the close - talking mikes . 
C:  There are a number of interesting questions that you can ask about how interactions happen in a meeting , that don't require any transcription . 
C:  So what are the patterns , the energy patterns over the meeting ? 
C:  And I 'm really interested in this <mouth> but we don't have a whole lot of data . 
C:  So I was thinking , you know , we 've got the room set up 
C:  and you can always think of , also for political reasons , if ICSI collected you know , two hundred hours , that looks different than forty hours , even if we don't transcribe it ourselves , 
C:  so  
C:  I mean , is there  Are there any other meetings here that we can record , especially meetings that have some kind of conflict in them  or some kind of deci 
C:  I mean , that are less 
C:  well  I don't  
C:  uh , that have some more emotional aspects to them , 
C:  or strong  
C:  There 's laughter , 
C:  um I 'm talking more about strong differences of opinion meetings , 
C:  maybe with manager types , or  
C:  To be allowed to record them ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Well , if there is , anyway . 
C:  With lapel mikes or something ? 
C:  Right . 
C:  Right . No , I think that 'd be great , 
C:  if we can get more data . 
C:  Well  Or  The thing is , they 're not as averse to wearing one of these head - mount 
C:  I mean , they 're on the radio , 
C:  right ? 
C:  So .  Um , I think that 'd be fantastic 
C:  cuz those kinds of panels and  Those have interesting 
C:  Th - that 's an  a side of style  a style that we 're not collecting here , 
C:  so 
C:  it 'd be great . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Yeah I was mostly trying to think , " OK , if you start a project , within say a month , you know , how much data do you have to work with . 
C:  And you  you wanna s you wanna sort of fr freeze your  your data for awhile 
C:  so um right now  
C:  and we don't have the transcripts back yet from IBM 
C:  right ? 
C:  Do  Oh , do we now ? 
C:  So um , not complaining , I was just trying to think , you know , what kinds of projects can you do now versus uh six months from now 
C:  and they 're pretty different , because 
C:  um  
C:  Right . 
C:  Right , right . 
C:  Cuz I 'm not actually sure , just logistically that I can spend  
C:  you know , I don't wanna charge the time that I have on the project too early , before there 's enough data to make good use of the time . 
C:  And that 's  and especially with the student 
C:  uh for instance this guy who seems  
C:  Uh 
C:  anyway , I shouldn't say too much , 
C:  but um if someone came that was great and wanted to do some real work and they have to end by the end of this school year in the spring , how much data will I have to work with , with that person . 
C:  And so it 's  
C:  And we just don't know about the transcription part of that , 
C:  so . 
C:  I mean , it  
C:  Right . 
C:  I mean , I 'm thinking , politically  
C:  Well yeah , 
C:  or just if you 're  if you ha If there are meetings here that happen that we can record even if we don't  um have them do the digits ,  or maybe have them do a shorter  digit thing  like if it was , you know , uh , one string of digits , or something , they 'd probably be willing to do . 
C:  Then , having the data is very valuable , 
C:  cuz I think it 's um politically better for us to say we have this many hours of audio data , especially with the ITR , if we put in a proposal on it . 
C:  It 'll just look like ICSI 's collected a lot more audio data . 
C:  Um , whether it 's transcribed or not um , is another issue , 
C:  but there 's  there are research questions you can answer without the transcriptions , or at least that you can start to answer . 
C:  So . 
C:  Need the close - talking mikes . 
C:  I mean , absolutely , 
C:  yeah . I 'm really scared  
C:  Um or at least , like , me personally ? I would   I  couldn't use that data . 
C:  Um . 
C:  So it 's a great idea , 
C:  and if it were true than I would just do that , 
C:  but it 's not that bad  
C:  like the room is not the bottleneck , 
C:  and we have enough time in the room , 
C:  it 's getting the people to come in and put on the  and get the setup going . 
C:  What if  
C:  Really ? 
C:  So it 's the amount of  
C:  Right . 
C:  What about these lunch meetings  
C:  I mean , I don't know , if there 's any way without too much more overhead , even if we don't ship it right away to IBM even if we just collect it here for awhile ,  to record you know , two or three more meeting a week , 
C:  just to have the data , even if they 're um not doing the digits , but they do wear the headphones ? 
C:  No , I meant , 
C:  um , sorry , the meetings where people eat their lunch downstairs , 
C:  maybe they don't wanna be recorded , but  
C:  Just the ch the chatting . 
C:  I actually  I actually think that 's  useful  data , um  the chatting , 
C:  but  
C:  OK . 
C:  You don't wanna do it , cuz  
C:  OK . 
C:  Alright . 
C:  Alright ,  so I 'll just throw it out there , 
C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 
C:  What if we give people  you know , we cater a lunch in exchange for them having their meeting here or something ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  Alright , alright , alright . 
C:  No , definitely . 
C:  Yeah , I was thinking , there 's all these other peo 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I mean  
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Alright , well . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Well , and they 're already  they 're  these things are already recorded , 
C:  we don't have to ask them to  
C:  even  and I 'm not sure wh how they record it , but they must record from individual  
C:  Why  why not ? 
C:  Well , we can find out . 
C:  I know for instance Mark Liberman was interested uh in  in LDC 
C:  getting  data , 
C:  uh , and  
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Right . 
C:  Great . OK . 


C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  That 's a good way to end a meeting . 
