A:  Uh I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves 

B:  Yeah , my name is Francina . 

D:  And I'm a marketing person . 

D:  My name is Eileen . 

C:  Yeah . Uh I'm Jeanne-Oui . 

A:  And as you already know I am Betty . 

A:  This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control . 

A:  That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what uh we have come up with . 

A:  <other> Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve . 

A:  The same goes for the conceptual design , 

A:  Detailed design , same thing basically . 

A:  Then , tool training try out the white board , 

A:  You wanna go Eileen and  

A:  And remember you have to press so it works . 

A:  Here's the project finance 

A:  now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing 

B:  Yes , I I feel that all the remote should be very compact . 

B:  And um and it should have multi-purpose . 

D:  <other> At um twelve fifty Euros per  <laugh> 

A:  It should be something new  it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have . 

B:  Yeah , design should be , yeah  it should be different . 

A:  Maybe it should  different colours or materials or you know . 

D:  I think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap , 

A:  Well or yeah or if it's really , if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal . 

C:  maybe it should have a light so that we can , we can just recognise where it is . 

A:  and I I think uh voice or clapping it's not specific enough . 

A:  The industrial designer  That's you . 

C:  Uh working design , yeah , it's it's uh mainly technical-functional design . 

A:  so so you are the working design . 

A:  Then uh we see you in about thirty minutes . 

A:  I think  basically basically you will get instructions to work with 

