C:  Don't switch it off . 
C:  No . 
C:  This afternoon you mean ? 
C:  No , this was  unrelated to  to the things of yesterday and last weeks 
C:  wha 
C:  Yeah , and  <clears throat> This probably has to be a brainstorm  right now . 
C:  Um  What I told Joachim yesterday was that , uh uh for my company  the company I work for , they are more interested in  in an explicit service , than in core technology . 
C:  u 
C:  Me , on the other hand , I 'm more interested in uh , core service , or c core technology , myself . 
C:  So I 'm u I was thinking about  uh , how I could combine the both of them . 
C:  KPN was , um  they 're interested in having , uh like , six people or something , working on the project for one year 
C:  or maybe , uh , three people fo working on the project for two years , 
C:  and have a kind of a demonstration uh , for a specifically in UMTS service . 
C:  I was thinking that um as a  well , not really a UMTS service , but   yesterday , what I discussed with Joachim was uh , a w little bit based on your ad - hoc networking also . 
C:  That it would be interesting to have a kind of a device where you can switch from w a WaveLAN Technology to , um , UMTS . 
C:  I think that 's , uh , it 's in  in the future that will be a main competitor of , uh , of UMTS , 
C:  too , like the  the   the Lucent , uh , equipment has a l huge scope already , 
C:  like five hundred feet , or  or even more sometimes . 
C:  so that 's  it 's might be interesting for , a service to walk into a building or whatever is available on that network . 
C:  You can switch from UMTS or uh uh , to WaveLAN Technologies . 
C:  Sure . 
C:  Of course , it sounds strange for a company that does UMTS to switch  to  to be able to switch or provide the service to switch to WaveLAN 
C:  but at the end it makes it easier for your  and cheaper for your customers . 
C:  So , if they don't do it , somebody else will probably do it . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , 
C:  and  
C:  Yeah , something like that could be possible , 
C:  maybe even a UMTS - to - WaveLAN - gateway , 
C:  or  I 'm not sure if that 's possible like we U - if UMTS re contains redirects or whatever , like switches . 
C:  I 'm not sure about it . 
C:  It could be . 
C:  It 's not a problem . 
C:  No , but s You could have a UMTS gateway that translates everything to that uh w local @ @ . 
C:  If you will 
C:  Yes . 
C:  Yes . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Well , 
C:  If  connection is lost , I am  I 'm not sure if sometimes you 'd simply have to drop a connection . If you have outstanding connections . 
C:  But that 's uh one thing of the internet , 
C:  right ? 
C:  It 's  should be able to unplug a host , bring it somewhere else and everything continues like it should be . 
C:  I 'm not sure i if it 's uh  if you really have to con uh save a connection for all applications , 
C:  I  I don't think so . 
C:  Oh , the one I have Sitcom ? 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Um . 
C:  Well , the switching itself could be a problem . 
C:  Becau - well it 's a depends 
C:  if one of the other networks is available , maybe you are , 
C:  I don't know . 
C:  So that could be a t topic for research , 
C:  so maybe you know more about it . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Y Yes . 
C:  Um . 
C:  If  if you can leave it out the network that will be really cool . 
C:  That 's what you w what I would like to do , 
C:  so 
C:  Yes . 
C:  The  the thing is that we are looking for a research  topic on  on those uh four areas . 
C:  So  
C:  So we  
C:  So  so we went  through  uh  uh to  through multicast . 
C:  So this architecture with m 
C:  well , at least no wireless environment or a mobile IP environment , comparable to uh UMTS environments . We really did not find any  well , difficulties there . 
C:  On the blackboard , that is . 
C:  Of course , in real life there will b probably be some problems . 
C:  Iceberg ? 
C:  You mean the Iceberg project ? 
C:  Barwan  of  uh ES 
C:  I know there 's one that 's of uh Randy Katz . 
C:  Yes . 
C:  They worked together wi little bit with Nokia ? 
C:  Palo Alto ? 
C:  Mountain View ? 
C:  Hmm . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  I like them 
C:  so 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Or maybe talk to them  about s operations they thought of but didn't touch yet . 
C:  I was  
C:  Wh - when did you go through this ? 
C:  Cuz yesterday I was uh Well  coincidentally , I b bumped into this project here . 
C:  It 's funny . 
C:  Yeah , yesterday I was just surfing a little bit . 
C:  And then from Nokia I came to this  that  project , 
C:  so . 
C:  Nokia research . 
C:  And then  
C:  That 's right . 
C:  And he 's also board in Nokia research , 
C:  so 
C:  Well , just to make the list a little bit longer . 
C:  May 
C:  Um , you could also think about uh session management . 
C:  I do along with uh the network applications and services , uh as you might know . 
C:  It 's a  a 
C:  if you can do it in the end systems or at sp specific servers , then , I 'm in favor of that . 
C:  But se session management , I mean uh the authentication , if you go from one network to the other , it 's not solved . 
C:  uh , 
C:  Nobody really wants a  a guest on your network . 
C:  Unless you get some money through some way  uh through some way . 
C:  Then , there is also the session management in the sense that a lot of these things  at the Barwan project , as you said , go through proxies . 
C:  There might be kind of handoffs at  uh at proxies , 
C:  like the zip uh  s zip proxy that we  also discussed before a little bit . 
C:  That  that 's als I think also in the line of uh session management . 
C:  Then there is this uh perfect thing uh the Berkeley sockets . 
C:  It 's almost perfect . 
C:  They s kind of skipped uh layer five , uh session management or session layer , I think . 
C:  That 's um  normally with  if you do a socket programming , it 's directly the prot application protocol on layer four , uh TCP socket , or layer five for UDP socket . 
C:  There might also be some research  
C:  Well , 
C:  could you introduce such a session management , 
C:  or  
C:  Norm - what they do right now is they make it part of the application - level protocol . 
C:  That 's what they do most often . 
C:  Like with session management ? for mobile the  uh applications such as ist instant messaging or uh talks , and so on , uh like zip . It 's just doing a  a reconnect . 
C:  If they think that the network is different or different capabilities come into play , they simply do a reconnect 
C:  so it 's part of the protocol . 
C:  That 's all what I think about session management , 
C:  like part of  in proxies or is it en embedded in application level protocols ? 
C:  I it 's  
C:  So how do you want to focus on network services . 
C:  Well the 
C:  So " network applications " , if you look at the name of  the group , one thing is that um the they used to call a  a n a " network " that was uh  if it was like distributed between two systems connected by a network . 
C:  If you look at " network " from the OZ layer , then it 's uh , level two or something or  maybe level three , but everything below  three . 
C:  So there are , I think , two  two different interpretations of uh " network " . 
C:  But are there " network applications " , then ? 
C:  So , the  the name is " Network Services and Applications " , 
C:  s so what could be an en example of a network application if you look at the OZ stick ? 
C:  OK . 
C:  OK , OK , well , they will  I didn't want to get a discussion now . 
C:  Well , think it works , 
C:  but uh 
C:  yes , the mapping of course between multicasting and the UMTS or  or whatever 
C:  That 's  or CDMA or whatever  that 's uh , yeah , probably a thing that has to be find out . 
C:  I don't know what statuses . 
C:  Maybe they already did it par as part of UMTS , 
C:  I 'm not sure . 
C:  I don't have a clue . 
C:  I  I only know how it works on copper and like ethernet 
C:  and on PS PPP over something 
C:  and how it works like that , 
C:  but on the wireless I 'm not sure . 
C:  Yes , but if  if it 's available 
C:  that means 
C:  so  so if uh if it 's already part of the UMTS standardization then uh it 's immediately finished , 
C:  like , OK , you can tell , KPN well go to Ericsson or Nokia and buy it ? 
C:  And if it 's not in there yet well , it could be a suggestion 
C:  and then the hardware people will make it part u like the ETSI or whatever  where U  wherever UMTS is standardized they will d well , go for it . 
C:  Of course , yeah , this  this group could do that , too . 
C:  Could be , 
C:  but 
C:  I 'm not really sure , 
C:  but I thought I  I had the impression that we can throw away our Nokia stuff when  our web gateways , when we g even go to GPRS , 
C:  so 
C:  let alone UMTS . 
C:  That 's the impression I get . 
C:  Yeah , definitely . 
C:  But  but still a le d it 's a  it 's a fundamental 
C:  uh it 's a  part of a  of design like the  the  
C:  the terminal has a WAP stick . 
C:  And there 's a box that has also a  a WAP stick . 
C:  And they do sometime  most cases , they do share an IP address . 
C:  But doesn't uh have to deal with IP at all . 
C:  It 's l just a thirty - bit number 
C:  that a actually is an assigned number . 
C:  But it 's all only used for identification . 
C:  That 's the only thing . 
C:  It 's stored in a WAP cookie , 
C:  much like HTP 
C:  in a cookie and from the WAP gateway 
C:  then it will be HTP  real HTP  or something . 
C:  So it 's  it 's really a different uh type of connection . 
C:  It looks a little bit like uh the  the well , WML looks a little bit like HTML , 
C:  but that 's all what 's uh  
C:  It 's not IP at all . 
C:  Because there is a gateway , you can access with almost the same microbrowser , 
C:  the same i uh web servers . 
C:  If they provide the right content  uh , spit out the right uh WML language . 
C:  So it 's  it 's really a different network  technology  I think . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  But @ @ 
C:  I i 
C:  Well  
C:  Ri - right now there is still a lot of WAP , actually . 
C:  So that the  
C:  Well , users  usage . 
C:  My colleagues are . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , they are using WAP . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  i 
C:  Bu -  well , you don't have a mobile phone in  in the USA here . 
C:  So that 's maybe the reason . 
C:  And I 'm not  I doubt that it 's not available in Germany . 
C:  It 's  would be unbelievable to me . 
C:  It i it is . 
C:  In  in  in Sweden it is also there . 
C:  And in the Netherlands , it is also available . 
C:  every provider provides  
C:  Oh . 
C:  Yeah , but  
C:  Oh ! 
C:  Bu 
C:  I 'm the first one to admit that 's a h that it is a hype , 
C:  but  and  but I 'm  I just wanted to say it is being used . 
C:  But if it makes sense to me and to  especially to have WAP in  in between , no . 
C:  I 'm not a supporter of it . 
C:  So they have this optimized protocol to  to transmit a few ASCII bytes that can  rescr refresh the screen with a different animation  every , well , second , a few times . 
C:  So , that 's  that 's true . 
C:  I immediately agree . 
C:  But the thing was , y you just asked well , " will  will it be the same , will there be WAP for UMTS " and so on , QPRS . 
C:  And  well  I don't have the answer , 
C:  but I thought it was not . 
C:  I 'm just  It 's weird  it 's weird to stop doing it with GPRS . 
C:  Yes . 
C:  if you want to do it in a  in a mobile phone  want to implement it , as a light stack or something . 
C:  Yes ? 
C:  Sure . 
C:  No , not  not if you have a big uh web pad or something . 
C:  Then you m There  there 's an IP stack in it 
C:  and  
C:  Hmm . 
C:  So 
C:  c Can I  do another one , like 
C:  UMTS or wireless  u i generally are  will be m more expensive . 
C:  And especially UMTS . 
C:  If they want to get back the money . 
C:  So is it maybe a research topic to focus on the  
C:  not really billing , of course . 
C:  I wouldn't  
C:  but at least the different application of protocol - based usage . 
C:  So you have uh one connection , one application uses FTP whatever , 
C:  bit voice or some other  
C:  That  those type of application you m may  might want to  make more out of a megabit per second or something . 
C:  Could that be something , 
C:  or  ? 
C:  Or is n 
C:  No  Well , it 's  
C:  e 
C:  Yeah , that 's true . 
C:  Yeah , that 's right . 
C:  OK . 
C:  Mmm . 
C:  N 
C:  Well , I 'm not sure . 
C:  I  I th I think I agree with him . 
C:  But uh right now we 're looking at b a th You want to do a big thing  instead of a great thing . 
C:  So if you d assume that it should connect uh really good to Siemens and to uh KPN , and to the  then it starts to get big we should all go to the  in the same direction . 
C:  If you already assume " well , OK , they paid money " , and now you think , OK , what  what great thing you want to do , then  it gives you more freedom to think  about this great thing you want to m do . 
C:  No . 
C:  But you  but you don't get one if you  if you try to  to align KPN with Siemens , for instance . 
C:  Uh . 
C:  No . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  That 's right now the s the status . 
C:  Yes . 
C:  I 'm out for th one  a week and a half . 
C:  So on Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , I have a workshop at Stanford 
C:  and next week I have a week on holiday . 
C:  Could be . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  So  so the only solution would  for  for KPN would be that there is a p a project in this area . 
C:  So  that makes sense to do in this ar This , I mean the Bay Area 
C:  with a group of uh a few people , 
C:  like four or something , 
C:  and that connects to this project . 
C:  So , one somebody or two somebodies can be found uh founded  or get money to join this project . 
C:  But that the other four should build a service on top of it , that has a clear business focus . 
C:  It means eh a  a UMTS service basically . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah , but you see the  the  they ask something pretty strange . 
C:  They  they want something pretty strange from me that I think of a service , 
C:  a network service . 
C:  There are sixty million billion people in the <laugh>  in the world that think of services all day 
C:  and try to make a lot of money with it in the form of start - ups or whatever . 
C:  And just think of a service like that , if I could do this . 
C:  w 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  Mm - hmm . 
C:  I  you know  
C:  Bu 
C:  Well , u until now I have been trying to think about it , 
C:  but eh f to me u 
C:  what I have every  every time I encountered it , it is all  this is all pretty close by , 
C:  like the industry is already behind this . 
C:  So they  they want to make this available pretty soon . 
C:  So I 'm just trying to think uh m more ahead , like uh use the wireless device as a  only as a signalling thing or something . 
C:  So  so whenever you come in with your uh GSM phone and there is a PC available , like everything will be directed to the  the bigger device or something . 
C:  So more services like that . 
C:  I think  the they are working pretty hard to get IP available very good and efficiently from uh two mobile devices or wireless devices . 
C:  a th thing 
C:  And there 's a  We m 
C:  Our group might fo want to focus on the uh IP over ether no nets 
C:  or something like 
C:  or over ether  
C:  N no nets , 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Over  
C:  Like only over ether . 
C:  carefully integrated for net 
C:  but there is no net . 
C:  If you want to do  make like also for wireless devices end to end IP available , that could be a vision . 
C:  Like . 
C:  Well , so he  he says well IP to IP or end to end IP , is far   well , it 's far away . 
C:  um 
C:  So you  what you might want to do is well get U M T S out there 
C:  and just do uh I Ps playing over radio . 
C:  Like  like SDH , IP over fiber or WDM - WDM . 
C:  This gets rid of the SDH . 
C:  Or , well , start with get rid of the ATM first 
C:  and then get rid of SDH . 
C:  Yeah . 
C:  Eh you guys do that discussion later on please , 
C:  uh ? 
C:  RSVP . 
C:  OK 
C:  Don't switch it off . 
