A:  'S to do now is to decide how to fulfil what your stuff is , so in that sense  so it does kind of make sense , yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah , sure . It kinda does make sense , doesn't it , because when we get into the end of meeting we're kind of <other> talking about action and design as opposed to background . Everything I have is kinda background . 
B:  Okay , well  
A:  Yep . 
B:  Okay . Okay we all ready to go ? Well how um on the  in this meeting then if we um  
A:  Yep . 
B:  I'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting . And we uh decided on 
A:  Yep . 
B:  decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five , and we decided that it was gonna be non-rechargeable battery-powered , that we're gonna group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories , um <other> . And I told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext , ignoring everything except the T_V_ , and trying to incorporate the the uh corporate colour and slogan . 
D:  <cough> Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um so that was the last meeting . Is there anything  have I forgotten anything ? 
A:  Mm-hmm . No . 
D:  Uh that sounds  . 
B:  Is that everything ? Okay . Um so if we have the three presentations , and then if you have anything to kind of  that you know you're gonna want to discuss , maybe just make a note of it , and we'll have all the discussion at the end . That might be a better idea this time . And so if we start off uh with Andrew and then Craig and then David , if that's alright . Um and then after that we'll have to make some decisions about stuff , right <laugh> . So if you wanna take this . 
D:  Sure . Okay . Sure . 
A:  Yep . 
D:  Yeah , cool . Why don't I get that <other> ? Hmm . 
B:  <other> Screwed in quite tightly . Uh what did  uh how did we leave it with speech recognition now ? We  did we say we were gonna try  maybe incorporate it but we hadn't made a definite decision on that ? Right . Oh I should also point out that um the you know the kind of final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product . So um <other> that's kind of the end result hopefully . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 


B:  Here we go . Okay . 
D:  And uh and then sorta g go through some of the way that I've dealt with that information , and then sort of bring us all together into it to see  sorta see how this fits in with the overall vision . Um so I've tried to take a whole lot of market research and summarise it for us , and then ide identify uh trends that are are sort of in sync and are important to our our uh p project plan that we have so far , and then uh initiate a kind of discussion on design options so that it sorta helps us to to narrow in on on aspects that will inform other uh other elements of the of the project . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Yep . 
B:  Aye a fair point definitely . 
D:  Does that make sense , tha that sort of strategy ? I thought that that will impact on the rest of what we do , so that's why I suggested we get in this . 
B:  Okay . That's great . Uh-huh . 
D:   
B:  Okay great . Um thank you for that . 


B:  Yeah . 
D:  Mm . Mm . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  That's it . 
A:  Cool . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Great . <cough> Lots of good information there . 
B:  Yeah that that was very good , 
A:  Mm-hmm . 


B:  and uh now with David . 
A:  Mm 'kay um . 
D:  <cough> 
C:  I think I'm cool . 
D:  It's a shame the cable wasn't just in the middle  <laugh> of the table , huh ? Just um  
C:  <laugh> 
B:  I know it'd be handy , wouldn't it . 
A:  Oops . 
B:  Do y do you wanna sit in the the line of sight of this um  
A:  Yeah okay . Let me just get this going first . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Ah there it is . <laugh> 
B:  <other> <laugh> <other> 
D:  <other> It takes a second , doesn't it ? 
A:  'Kay , that should be it . Okay um I guess the same thing again , I started with something very basic . So just so you guys have some idea of what's involved in my process , um and then you can just work through it and we 'll either modify it or start from scratch um depending on what your needs are . 
D:  <cough> Mm-hmm . 


B:  Right okay um well <other> let's just go right back to the marketing ideas for a start , and just giving an id idea on the time , we've got about fifteen minutes to play with at most . So um yeah so just t to bear in mind that the ultimate goal of this meeting is to reach an  decision on the the the concepts of the product . 
A:  glowingness . 
D:  Okay , great . Okay . <cough> Okay . 
B:  So back to your idea about um incorporating the idea of like fruit and veg , and the corporate colour , and things like that . Um I mean what does everybody think about  
D:  Yeah . Yeah . 
B:  Does anybody have any ideas of  about how we can fit all that in together ? I mean that's kind of the user interface type of thing , what are your thoughts on that ? 
C:  Um <other> I think we could go for like um  <other> maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape . Um you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit . 
B:  So maybe  do y are we thinking something that like s could sit in your hand comfortably , or do you th you'd hold onto comfortably or  
C:  Um probably something that s sits in your hand comfortably , sort of feels right in your hand . 
B:  So something quite curvy ? Okay um right okay . Colour-wise I mean you made a re uh was it you or uh I can't remember who made the point about how if you've a nice bright colour you'll not lose it , was that  
C:  <other> 
B:  Whose  about how if you have a bright colour you'll not lose it so much . Um and when the corporate colour is yellow , I mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow I don't know . Um  
A:  I think he made that . 
D:  What's that ? Yeah . Okay . 
B:  <other> And then obviously the uh the materials  when it  has anybody got like an overall picture in their mind about what what might work ? 
D:  Well I mean I'm thinking that what we need to do is have something that kind of unifies a lot of the different concepts , and if we think that what we are w our number one marketing motive is um <other> the look and feel . So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion , then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize . 
B:  That's all . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
D:  Um maybe what we could do is t th think about a concept which touches b back to the  on the um <other> the colour , you said company colour yellow . I mean if we think of something , like I was saying also lime and lemon you know , what  can we come up with something where we we try and associate it with with like the series . We just come up with something like that we kind of use it as a theme to inspire the 
B:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Okay . 
D:  shapes and things . 
B:  Right . 
A:  Is there a particular shape that you're interested in ? Like does marketing have any research on  does it need to be long ? Does it need  with a square thing wha 
D:  <other> 
B:  Oh you know like in circular in shape or  
A:  Yeah 'cause that will n help narrow down the choice of  
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Choice of material yeah . 'Cause I I I was kinda thinking about as well  you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones , and they're plastic but then also have like rubber on the outside , and it kinda feels  it feels kind of warmer to the touch . It feels a bit more comfortable , and maybe we could incorporate plastic and rubber 
A:  Like fruit . <laugh> I'm thinking fruits in my head , but that's tacky . 
C:  See I'm  
D:  Yeah . 
B:  into it . And then then we could have curved shapes , 'cause wood or titanium , yeah , it's gonna have to be boxy and rectangular and I think we might be moving away from that you know so um  <other> Well I'm  do we really want it in like the shape of a lemon or  no I don't think we do either <laugh> . 
D:  No no no not at all . It's more more just that we we think about like what it is we're trying to achieve , so and then we have one one sorta theme that we stick with . Do you know what I mean ? 
B:  Okay right well um so thoughts about the actual shape of the thing . 
D:  <other> 
C:  I'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape . 
B:  A snowman shape ? 
C:  Um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand , and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need . 
B:  Uh-huh . That's quite a distinctive shape , that would be good wouldn't it . 
D:  Right , sure . Yeah . 
B:  Yeah so yeah should we go with that ? 
D:  Um can we yeah like to and wha like do you have a  
B:  Do you wanna draw it on the board ? 
C:  <other> 
D:  Can you like  yeah just t we can visualize it . 
C:  Um something like that um you got two groups there um maybe it could fold up and you get a third group inside or uh you have volume controls about there . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Ooh that'd be good . 
D:  Okay . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yep . 
B:  So call it the snowman-shape trademark <laugh> . Yeah that's cool . Um and I mean colour-wise what does everybody think ? I think it is quite important to get yellow in there somewhere . I mean do you want the whole thing yellow , maybe like yellow and white  do you want something  
D:  Mm . 
C:  So I reckon it'd look quite nice if we just had um this  here , had a sorta background yellow , and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons . 
D:  <other> 
B:  Uh-huh . Okay cool . Um and also I mean how are we going to incorporate the slogan in ? The fact that it talks to you , I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says , what is it , putting fashion into electronics or something , I dunno . Or when you like  or if you turn it off or something  if it can speak if it could actually say the slogan it might be a bit more powerful than just having it written on it somewhere . I d I d any thoughts on that at all ? 
C:  I think that might scare me . I think that'd probably scare me . You turn it on your control possessed s <laugh> . 
B:  <laugh> I know . Um unless an a I mean if you  also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an L_C_D_ display , where would we put that ? Would we put that on the inside or  
C:  Um  
A:  Do we need an L_C_D_ display ? What what's the functionality of that ? 
B:  It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot , I would've thought . 
A:  Yeah but the question is what are we using it  what would we what would we achieve from it ? Putting in lights is cheap but putting in an L_C_D_ panel just to make it glow is a bit of a  
D:  What would it achieve ? Well  L_C_ well I'd  when you used to mention the L_C_D_ I'd think I wonder what that would be about . And the th the thing I could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings . So as you scroll through , 'cause we said we might have a jog dial , so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is . 
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it , so um it's a bit nuts to get the  Monday Tuesday Wednesday you know . 
D:  Right , okay . 
B:  Mm oh yeah that's true . Yeah . So so no need for an L_C_D_ display ? 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
A:  Um I I'm not saying there's no need for an L_C_D_ display , but um it's  what's what what would it tell the user , 'cause the L_C_D_ tends to be an output as uh as opposed to an input so um does the remote control need to talk back to the user ? We have the option of the speaker as well  the sa the same thing goes for the speaker , is there a need for the remote control to to talk back ? 
B:  I think that would make it very complex . Yeah . Yeah . 
D:  Mm not real <cough> 
B:  I don't know if there is really , no um  
D:  Mm-hmm . 
C:  Nah . 
A:  Um  
B:  I would say no need for a talk-back . Uh does anybody disagree with that ? 
D:  No . 
A:  You could put a game on it <laugh> . When the T_V_ dies you can play with the remote control <laugh> . 
B:  No ? <laugh> Easy <laugh> . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  <cough> Mm mm . 
B:  Okay um right so you're gonna have the three different sets of of functionalities , um I mean do you wanna group them into s head of the snowman , body of the snowman , inside of the snowman , is that what you're thinking ? 
C:  Um <other> well I think the advanced ones the the ones you don't usually use could be hid inside . B um I think the  we had were fairly basic ones , they'd have to go on the the front somewhere . 
B:  Okay . Okay right um what else do you need to talk about ? 
D:  Well i I was just  
A:  Where would you physically position the buttons ? Um I think that that has some impact on on on many things . Um maybe you wanna draw onto the  
D:  Yeah  . Yeah . 
C:  Um  
B:  So I'm just gonna um pop this in here 'cause I have a slide about decision making which I'd forgotten about . 
A:  Yep . 
B:  Oh sh God we've got five minutes um okay uh back we go . Um energy what  do you think that's suggesting we're  how we're powering the thing ? I really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you'd have the back-up of the battery , but have have kinetic power , I mean what does anybody think about that ? 
D:  Yeah , sure . Um I've had kinetic things before , and the the the one issue we need to keep in mind with them is that you're committing the user to moving it , and watches yeah  
A:  No , like I said we have a h hybrid kind of thing , so it's not gonna charge the battery , it's just  
D:  Sure , okay , right , okay . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Support for it . I mean just  it's just worth pointing out because like I've I've known I've known people to have kinetic watches that they wear all the time , and it's just like magic because it's always powered and there's no battery . 
A:  Yeah . 
B:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  I've also known people to have <other> things like like a jewellery watch they wear from time to time , and they eventually just say it's just too much of a nuisance because I don't wear it all the time . Like remote control is similar , you're away on vacation , I dunno whatever , you something , and it just starts to get worn down . So we should think about  
B:  Yeah . 
A:  Yep . 
B:  Yeah . Well I suppose that if you're if you're away and you're not using it , then you're not using any power either . So you'd have the battery as the kind of  to keep it ticking over idea  I'm really sorry we're gonna have to wrap up quite quickly , we don't have as much time as I thought . Um so I think that's what energy is referring to here . Chip on print , is that  that's an industrial design thing , is it David ? Okay um as for the case , kind of discussed that  
D:  Yeah . Yep . 
A:  Yes yes . 
D:  And this size here , I'd suggest this be small , like quite small . 
B:  Yeah I know we're gonna have like rubber buttons that feel kind of  
C:  Yeah I think so yeah . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Um just a a lot of the um  <laugh> I mean one of the things running through my mind right now , I realise we're being efficient to wrap up the meeting and have lots of decisions made , um but we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech , rubber buttons plastic frame , it's almost like we're reproducing the same old remote control that's out there . Should we think about how we are actually getting this high-tech user friendly uh um theme  like what is it that we're u we're using to to achieve those goals ? Like  
B:  Mm-hmm . Mm 'kay . <other> Could have things like backlighting the buttons and stuff like that . 
D:  Okay so so backlighting , that would be good . 
A:  Or even a clear case . Um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable , but in the dark it sort of , it's alive <laugh> . Um in in a slight subtle way . 
D:  Yeah clear , that'd be  
B:  Aye that would be a good idea . 
D:  Okay . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Yeah sure . 
B:  S so like cur slightly transparent case , so it's yellow , like tinted yellow , but you can maybe see through it . Is that what you mean ? 
D:  Yeah that'd be really good . 
A:  Yeah yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse . You know you have cordless mice and they don't eat that much power right . So the power  the battery in that sense , maybe you have one or two stratig strategically placed lights that sort of  
D:  Sure . Yeah , yeah . Yeah . Sure . Yeah they they emanate a light through it . 
B:  <other> Okay . 
A:  Yeah but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow , doesn't make it freaky . 
B:  Lights . 
D:  'Kay . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  Yeah , mm-hmm . 
B:  And the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing ? 
D:  You just roll . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah like I mean if we if if we keep coming back to this board here , I wouldn't be surprised if we could take this idea , imagine that , I dunno , that it's within the shape of the hand , it's quite small <laugh>  
B:  Uh-huh . Uh-huh ooh okay , we really gotta wrap up so yeah . 
D:  I dunno . Yeah . It's small , and that we've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side , 
B:  Okay well if we can do that , great . Yeah okay . 
D:  and that yeah  well I mean isn't that what we just h said said we s just have to decide now ? 
B:  Yeah let's let's try and get the slogan on there um , and  
D:  Yeah . And then like a jo 
A:  So you wanna expand the shape of the  
D:  And then like a jog dial somewhere that fits in with the shape of it like I dunno like here , in with the  
A:  That that might have one problem in terms of um in terms of whether you're left handed or you're right handed you might be locking yourself in . Could I just could I just jump in and suggest something quickly ? 
D:  It would get bumped , it's  doesn't really fit with your hand . Yeah . 
B:  Mm . 
D:  Or maybe just fit it in like down the middle here . 
C:  Mm . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Right I'm gonna have to  I'm really gonna have to hurry you on here 'cause we're we're actually over time . Um is there anything anybody's unsure about ? Just for  in closing just  the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes , and so you can see in the screen here what each of you are gonna hopefully be doing , uh I know that the designers are gonna be working with Play-doh on that . 
D:  A jog di Yeah . It's kind of yeah  Yeah . 
B:  So um <other> that'll be that'll be good . Um and I'll get the the minutes up as soon as possible . Anything at all you think we haven't discussed that we need to ? Is everybody kind of happy about what they're gonna be doing ? 
D:  Huh . Um  
A:  Um I think one thing would be the jog dial 'cause that's gonna have quite a big impact on the thing um  
D:  Yeah I think the jog dial , you know it just after you drew that , what if it was flat and you just spun it , that'd be great . 
A:  Yeah that's what I was thinking the  a slide , because then you you don't have to put the hand . I think incorporating a logo is quite straight forward . There's lots of space for it um  
D:  Yeah . Yep . 
B:  Okay . That's kind of a design thing that you guys can can discuss , yeah . 
C:  <other> 
A:  Yeah but it's also a a marketing and a function  
D:  Sure , yeah , yeah and materials we sorta said we'd do plastic and rubber , didn't we , and I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons , 'cause that'd just be so standard . 
B:  Okay . 
A:   Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . To make something flush with the case ? 
D:  Something a bit more flush , yeah , or maybe have rubber incorporated into the case as well , so that it has  and also t plastic I've seen can get really textured , so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand . 
B:  Okay right . Okay . Sp kinda grippy ? 
A:  Feel like fruit . Fruits kids <laugh> . 
B:  Okay . 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  They feel kind of like um , you get pens now and then that you'd think that they were rubber but they're not , they're actually just plastic that's textured , kind of a little bit like  
A:  No like  Yeah yeah . Yeah yeah kinda like that yeah . 


B:  Okay I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to call this to a close 'cause we're way over time . So um that's really good , like we've s had much to talk about that um pretty much run out of time to do so . So off you go and design stuff wooh <laugh> . 
D:  Okay . Okay . <laugh> 
A:  Play-doh time . 
B:  Yeah quite jealous actually . 
A:  You got to choose first . <laugh> No , we're kidding . 
D:  <laugh> 
A:  Okay , can I just swipe your power cable , I don't think it matters . <other> Okay lemme  okay , I'm gonna pull everybody out first and then put in whoever needs to be left . It's you . Argh . This is a real hassle and a  oops . I'm gonna take the microphones , 'cause it's  too lazy t take them off again . Cool . 


