B:  Robert . 
B:  OK . Ami , do yours 
B:  then we 'll open it 
B:  and I think it 'll be enough . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So , we all switched on ? 
B:  Alright . 
B:  Anyway . So , uh , before we get started with the , uh , technical part , I just want to review what I think is happening with the  our data collection . 
B:  So  <mouth> Uh , probably after today , <breath> that shouldn't come up in this meeting . 
B:  Th - this  this is s should be im it isn't  There 's another thing going on of gathering data , 
B:  and that 's pretty much independent of this . 
B:  But , uh , I just want to make sure we 're all together on this . 
B:  What we think is gonna happen is that , uh , in parallel starting about now <breath> we 're gonna get Fey <mouth> to , where you 're working with me and Robert , draft a note that we 're gonna send out to various CogSci c and other classes saying , " here 's an opportunity to be a subject . 
B:  Contact Fey . " 
B:  And then there 'll be a certain number of um , hours during the week which she will be available 
B:  and we 'll bring in people . 
B:  Uh , roughly how many , Robert ? 
B:  We d Do we know ? 
B:  OK . So , we 're looking for a total of fifty people , 
B:  not necessarily by any means all students 
B:  but we 'll s we 'll start with  with that . 
B:  In parallel with that , we 're gonna need to actually do the script . 
B:  And , so , I guess there 's a plan to have a meeting Friday afternoon Uh , with  uh , Jane , and maybe Liz and whoever , on actually getting the script worked out . 
B:  But what I 'd like to do , if it 's O K , <breath> is to s to , as I say , start the recruiting in parallel and possibly start running subjects next week . 
B:  The week after that 's Spring Break , 
B:  and maybe we 'll look for them  some subjects next door 
B:  or  i 
B:  Oh , OK , then we won't do it . 
B:  OK . 
B:  So that 's easy . 
B:  Um . 
B:  So , is  Is that make sense to everybody ? 
B:  That 's a good idea . 
B:  Oh , yeah . The high school 's a great idea . 
B:  And why don't you also copy Jane on it ? 
B:  Uh , th I think they 're necessary . 
B:  This  The permission form . 
B:  Uh , there has to be one , 
B:  and I think we 're just gonna use it as it is , 
B:  and  Um 
B:  Well , yeah . 
B:  There 's one tricky part about , 
B:  um , 
B:  they have the right 
B:  um 
B:  I The last paragraph  " if you agree to participate you have the opportunity to have anything excised which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . " 
B:  OK ? 
B:  Now that , we had to be included for this other one 
B:  which might have , uh , meetings , you know , about something . 
B:  In this case , it doesn't really make sense . 
B:  Um , so what I 'd like to do is also have our subjects sign a waiver saying " I don't want to see the final transcript " . 
B:  And if they don't  If they say " no , I 'm not willing to sign that " , then we 'll show them the final transcript . 
B:  But , um . 
B:  That , uh  
B:  yeah , so we might actually , 
B:  um 
B:  S i Jane may say that , " you know , you can't do this " , 
B:  uh , " on the same form , we need a separate form . " 
B:  But anyway . I 'd  I 'd  I 'd like to , e e um , add an a little thi eh  a thing for them to initial , saying " nah , do I don't want to see the final transcript . " 
B:  But other than that , that 's one 's been approved , 
B:  this really is the same project , 
B:  uh , rec 
B:  you know . 
B:  And so forth . 
B:  So I think we just go with it . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Which is <laugh> not a lot . 
B:  But  
B:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah , we can show us , 
B:  right ? 
B:  Yep . 
B:  So , you can sho You  you  Are  are you gonna show us the little templates ? 
B:  Well , that sounds  
B:  No i 
B:  Well 
B:  Actually , it 's a little tricky , in that there 's some allowable German orders which aren't allowable English orders and so forth . 
B:  And it is order - based . 
B:  So it  it  
B:  Isn't it ? 
B:  Oh . So it  it doe I it  These  u these optional elements , 
B:  it 's  it 's actually a set , 
B:  not a sequence ? 
B:  Oh ! 
B:  Really a se 
B:  Oh , wow . 
B:  Do I ? 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Capitalized as well 
B:  Y i 
B:  p 
B:  Oh . 
B:  So  so , the point is , if it says " this " and " see " , it also will work in " see " and " this " ? 
B:  In the other order ? 
B:  with those two key words ? 
B:  " This is the one I want to see " 
B:  or whatever . 
B:  OK , so it is set - based . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  OK . 
B:  No , no . 
B:  Fine . 
B:  Yeah , yeah , yeah , flexible it is . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  So 
B:  That 'd be great . 
B:  It would be a good exercise to just see <breath> whether one can get that to run . 
B:  Hmm ? 
B:  Oh , yeah . 
B:  y 
B:  Yeah . They also seem to affect state , 
B:  cause some of them  
B:  there were other actions uh , that  that s seemed to step  state variables somewhere , 
B:  like the n s " Discourse Status Confirm " . 
B:  OK . So that 's going to be a call on the discourse 
B:  and <breath> confirm that it 's  
B:  I think that 's right . 
B:  I think it 's actually  That looks like it 's state modification . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh , so it always just  
B:  Is it  So it  
B:  Well , go back , then , 
B:  cuz it may be that all those th things , while they look like function calls , are just a way of adding exactly that to the XML . 
B:  Uh - huh ! 
B:  I 'm not  I 'm not sure . 
B:  e I 'm not sure  e that  
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Absolutely . 
B:  Good point . 
B:  It 's  it 's  the  It 's under what sub - type you 're doing it . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah , each is  
B:  S so that 's funny . 
B:  You bury the s the state in the function 
B:  Alright . 
B:  Uh 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  " I want two seats here . " 
B:  No , right , the Discourse Maintainer , 
B:  yeah . 
B:  I see . 
B:  And it  and it runs around looking for Discourse Status tags , 
B:  and doing whatever it does with them . 
B:  And other people ignore those tags . 
B:  Alright . 
B:  So , yeah . I definitely think it 's  <breath> It 's worth the exercise of trying to actually add something that isn't there . 
B:  Uh 
B:  Disc 
B:  Yeah , a kid understanding what 's going on . 
B:  Then the next thing we talked about is actually , <breath> um , figuring out how to add our own tags , and stuff like that . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  S 
B:  So these are  these are your friends back at EML . 
B:  So this is not a complicated negotiation . 
B:  There 's  there 's not seven committees , or anything , right ? 
B:  Great . 
B:  So this is just trying to  
B:  It 's a design thing , not a political thing . 
B:  Once we 've  eh  We can just sort of agree on what oughta be done . 
B:  Good . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  So , well , let  Now , this is important . 
B:  Let , uh  I want a a Again , outside of m almost managerial point , 
B:  um  
B:  You 're in the midst of this , 
B:  so you know better . 
B:  But it seems to me it 's probably a good idea to li uh  minimize the number of uh , change requests we make of them . 
B:  So it seemed to me , what we ought to do is get our story together . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  And think about it some , internally , before asking them to make changes . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Does this  does this make sense to you guys ? 
B:  It  I mean you 're  you 're doing the  the interaction 
B:  but it seemed to me that <breath> what we ought to do is come up with a  uh , something where you , um  
B:  And I  I don't know who 's mok working most closely on it . 
B:  Probably Johno . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Uh , take what they have , 
B:  send it to everybody saying " this is what they have , 
B:  this is what we think we should add " , 
B:  OK ? 
B:  and then have a d a  an iteration within our group saying " Hmm , well  " 
B:  OK ? 
B:  And get our best idea of what we should add . 
B:  And then go back to them . 
B:  Is i 
B:  or , I don't know 
B:  does this make sense to you ? 
B:  Or 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . 
B:  That 's right . 
B:  So . 
B:  So , Yeah . 
B:  The problem isn't the short ra range optimization . 
B:  It 's the sort of  o one or two year kind of thing . 
B:  OK . What are the thl class of things we think we might try to do in a year or two ? 
B:  How  how would we try to characterize those 
B:  and what do we want to request now <breath> that 's leave enough space to do all that stuff ? 
B:  Right . 
B:  And that re that requires some thought . 
B:  And  so that sounds like a great thing to do <breath> as the priority item 
B:  um , as soon as we can do it . 
B:  So y so you guys will <breath> send to the rest of us um  <mouth> a version of um , this , 
B:  and  the  uh , description  
B:  Well b 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So , the  the  uh  Not everyone uh , reads German , 
B:  so if you 'd 
B:  um 
B:  tu uh , tur change the description to , uh , English 
B:  and , um , 
B:  Then  then , 
B:  yeah . Then , with some sug s suggestions about where  where do we go from here ? 
B:  Uh , this  and this , of course , was just the <breath> <mouth> action end . 
B:  Uh , at some point we 're going to have to worry about the language end . 
B:  But for the moment just <breath> uh , t for this class of  of things , we might want to try to encompass . 
B:  And  
B:  Oh , yeah , yeah yeah yeah . 
B:  This is  this is everything that  that , um ,  <breath> you know , um  we might want to do in the next couple years . 
B:  We don't  I mean , that 's an issue . 
B:  We don't know what , entirely . 
B:  Right . 
B:  No . 
B:  I think  I think the i the idea is  that  
B:  Oh . It 's beyond Source - Path - Goal , 
B:  but I think we don't need to get beyond it @ @   tourists in Heidelberg . 
B:  It seems to me we can get <breath> all the complexity we want in actions and in language without going outside of tourists in Heidelberg . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  But you know , i depending on what people are interested in , one could have , <breath> uh , tours , 
B:  one could have <breath> um , explanations of why something is  is , you know , why  why was this done , 
B:  or  
B:  I mean , no  there 's no end 
B:  to the complexity you can build into the  <mouth> uh , what a tourist in Heidelberg might ask . 
B:  So , at least  unless somebody else wants t to suggest otherwise I think <breath> the general domain we don't have t to uh , broaden . 
B:  That is , tourists in Heidelberg . 
B:  And if there 's something somebody comes up with that can't be done that way , then , sure . 
B:  W we 'll  we 'll look at that , 
B:  but <breath> uh 
B:  I 'd be s I I 'd be surprised at  
B:  if there 's any  <breath> important issue that  that  
B:  And , um  
B:  I mean if  if you want to  uh , push us into reference problems , that would be great . 
B:  OK , so this is  his specialty is  reference , 
B:  and  you know , what  what are these things referring to ? 
B:  Not only <breath> anaphora , 
B:  but , uh , more generally the , uh  this whole issue of , uh , referring expressions , 
B:  and , what is it that they 're actually dealing with in the world ? 
B:  And , again , this is li in the databa this is also pretty well formed 
B:  because there is an ontology , 
B:  and the database , and stuff . 
B:  So it isn't like , <breath> um , you know , the Evening Star or stuff like that . 
B:  I i it  
B:  All the entities do have concrete reference . 
B:  Although th the <breath> To get at them from a language may not be trivial . 
B:  There aren't really deep mysteries about um , what w what things the system knows about . 
B:  All those things . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  You have proper names , and descriptions . 
B:  And a l and a lot  and  and anaphora , and pronouns , 
B:  and  all those things . 
B:  He knows . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Or , you know , the church across from City Hall , 
B:  or  
B:  Yeah , that would be fine . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Or you can say " how  " you know , " how do I get back ? " 
B:  OK . 
B:  And , again , it 's just a question of which of these things , uh , people want to <breath> dive into . 
B:  What , uh , I think I 'm gonna try to do , 
B:  and I guess , pwww ! 
B:  let 's say that by the end of spring break , I 'll try to come up with some <breath> general story about , um , construction grammar , 
B:  and what constructions we 'd use 
B:  and how all this might fit together . 
B:  There 's this whole framework problem that I 'm feeling really uncomfortable about . 
B:  And I haven't had a chance to <breath> think about it seriously . 
B:  But I  I want to  I want to do that early , rather than late . 
B:  And you and I will probably have to talk about this some . 
B:  Hmm . 
B:  Oh , yeah ? 
B:  Well , I mean 
B:  yeah , I d 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  You will . 
B:  Oh , yeah . 
B:  I mean , uh , we could take all the standard metaphor examples and make question versions of them . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Yeah , or , you know . " Wh - why is he  why is he pushing for promotion ? " 
B:  or , " who 's pushing proof " 
B:  er , just pick  pick any of them 
B:  and just <breath> do the  eh  
B:  So I don't  I don't think , <mouth> uh , it 's at all difficult  Uh , to convert them to question forms that really exist and people say all the time , 
B:  um  
B:  And  sort of  we don't know how to handle them , too . 
B:  Right ? 
B:  I mean , it 's  
B:  I d It  
B:  We don't know how to handle the declarative forms , @ @  really , 
B:  and , then , the interrogative forms , ah - oh . 
B:  Uh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Nancy , it looked like you were s 
B:  Right . 
B:  Yes . 
B:  Right . No , I think that 's one of things that 's interesting , 
B:  is  is in this sort of over - arching story we  we worked it out for th as you say , this  the storytelling scenario . 
B:  And I think it 's really worth thinking through <breath> <mouth> what it looks like . 
B:  What is the simspec mean , et cetera . 
B:  Well , I don't know . 
B:  I mean , maybe  maybe that 's what we 'll do is  is s u e 
B:  We can do anything we want with it . 
B:  I mean , once we have fulfilled these requirements , 
B:  OK , and the one for next uh , summer is just half done 
B:  and then the other half is this , um , " generation thing " which we think isn't much different . 
B:  So once that 's done , then all the rest of it is , uh , sort of , you know , what we want to do for the research . 
B:  And we can  w we can do all sorts of things that don't fit into their framework at all . 
B:  Th - there 's no reason why we 're c we 're constrained to do that . 
B:  If we can use all the , uh , execution engines , then we can , <mouth> you know , really <mike noise> try things that would be too  too much pain to do ourselves . 
B:  But there 's no obligation on any of this . 
B:  So , if we want to turn it into u understan standing stories about Heidelberg , we can do that . 
B:  I mean , that would just be a t a um  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  You might , yeah . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Anyway . 
B:  S 
B:  Who 's going ? 
B:  Ah ! 
B:  OK . 
B:  So  eh  Yeah . 
B:  So , what happened is , 
B:  there 's this , eh , uh  
B:  Robert was describing 
B:  the  There 's two packages 
B:  there 's a , uh , quote parser , 
B:  there 's a particular piece <mouth> of this big system , 
B:  which , in German , uh , takes these t sentence templates and produces XML structures . 
B:  And one of our jobs was to make the English equivalent of that . 
B:  That , these guys did in a  in a day . 
B:  The other thing is , at the other end , roughly at the same level , there 's something that takes , uh , X M L structures , produces an output XML structure 
B:  which is instructions for the generator . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  And then there 's a language generator , 
B:  and then after that a s a synthesizer that goes from an XML structure to , uh , language generation , to actual specifications for a synthesizer . 
B:  Eh , but again , there 's one module in which there 's one piece <mouth> that we have to convert to English . 
B:  Is that  
B:  OK . 
B:  And that  But as I say , this is  all along was viewed as a kind of  <mouth> a m a minor thing , 
B:  necessary , but  but not  
B:  OK ? 
B:  And much more interesting is the fact that , <mouth> as part of doing this , we  we are , you know , inheriting this system that does all sort of these other <mouth> things . 
B:  Not precisely what we want , 
B:  and that 's  <mouth> that 's wh where it  it gets difficult . 
B:  And I  I don't pretend to understand yet what I think we really ought to do . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Good ! OK . 
B:  Good . 
B:  And what 's the other one ? 
B:  so that  just we know what the d agenda is ? 
B:  Oh , yeah . 
B:  I 've got a couple new Wu papers as well . 
B:  Uh , so I  I 've been in contact with Wu , 
B:  so , probably let 's put that off till I  I  till I understand better , <mouth> uh , what he 's doing . 
B:  It 's just a little embarrassing 
B:  cause all this was in his thesis 
B:  and I was on his thesis committee , 
B:  and , so , <laugh> I r really knew this at one time . 
B:  But , I  I  It 's not only uh Is  Part of what I haven't figured out yet is  is how all this goes together . 
B:  So I 'll dig up some more stuff from Dekai . 
B:  And  so why don't we just do the , uh  
B:  Yeah . You could  
B:  squealing sound ? 
B:  It 's probably just as easy . 
B:  I 
B:  That 's why they invented " pocket T 's " . 
B:  Wri - write it out for for  
B:  So , this is the Heckerman paper you 're working with ? 
B:  Good . 
B:  Well . OK , so th so the important point  is  W not what the G function is . 
B:  The important point is  that  Um  There is a  a  a general kind of idea of shortcutting the full CPT . 
B:  Th - c the full conditional probability table  with some function . 
B:  OK ? 
B:  Which y w you choose appropriately for each case . 
B:  So , depending on <breath> what your situation is , there are different functions which are most appropriate . 
B:  And  
B:  So I gave  eh  Bhaskara a copy of this , eh  sort of " ninety - two "  paper . 
B:  D and you got one , Robert . 
B:  I don't know who else has seen it . 
B:  It 's short . 
B:  It 's short . 
B:  So , I u w Um , yo uh  you  Have you read it yet ? 
B:  OK , so you should take a look . 
B:  Nancy , I 'm sure you read it at some point in life . 
B:  OK . 
B:  And  so , you other guys can decide how interested  
B:  Anyway . So the paper isn't th isn't real hard . 
B:  And  <mouth> Uh  
B:  One of the questions just come at Bhaskara is , " How much of this does JavaBayes support ? " 
B:  Right . 
B:  Right . So the little handout that  The little thing that I sent  
B:  I sent a message saying , uh , here is a way to take  
B:  One thing you could do , which is kind of s in a way , stupid , is take this deterministic function , and use it to build the CPT . 
B:  So , if Ba - JavaBayes won't do it for you , 
B:  that you can convert all that into what the CPT would be . 
B:  Um  and , what I sent out about a week ago , was an idea of how to do that , for , um , evidence combination . 
B:  So one of  one function that you could use as your " G function " is an e e Evidence - Combining . 
B:  So you just take <breath> the  uh , if each of th if each of the ones has its own little table like that , <breath> then you could take the , uh , strength of each of those , times its little table , 
B:  and you 'd add up the total evidence for " V " , " E " , and " A " . 
B:  Yep . 
B:  Right . 
B:  I i i 
B:  No , no  But I 'm saying is  There  <mouth> <mouth> There is a w 
B:  I mean , if y if  if you decide what 's  what is appropriate , is probablistic evidence combination , you can write a function that does it . 
B:  It 's a pui it 's actually one of the examples he 's got in there . 
B:  But , anyway , s skipping  skipping the question of exactly which functions  
B:  now is it clear that you might like to be able to shortcut the whole conditional probability table . 
B:  Right . 
B:  That 's one of the problems , is , W Is  is , Where would th Where would it all come from ? 
B:  Yeah , so there 's  there 's two separate things , Robert . 
B:  The f the  the  the Bayes - nets in general are quite good at saying , " if you have no current information about this variable just take the prior for that . " 
B:  OK ? Th - that 's what they 're real good at . 
B:  So , if you don't have any information about the discourse , you just use your priors of  of whatever  eh the  discourse  
B:  uh , 
B:  eh , basically whatever w it 's  Probabilistically , whatever it would be . 
B:  And it 's  it 's sort of not a great estimate , 
B:  but  it 's the best one you have , 
B:  and , so forth . 
B:  So that , they 're good at . 
B:  But the other problem is , how do you fill in all these numbers ? 
B:  And I think that 's the one he was getting at . 
B:  Well , pretty quickly . 
B:  I mean  
B:  Eh  well to some 
B:  No , no . 
B:  So , " Noisy - OR " is a funny way of referring to this , 
B:  because <mouth> the Noisy - OR is only one instance . 
B:  That one actually isn't a Noisy - OR . 
B:  So we 'll have to think of <breath> of a way t t 
B:  Yeah , whatever . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  So  Eh   Um 
B:  Yeah , it  it  Tha - that 's true . 
B:  It is a is also more neural - net - like , although  <breath> Uh , it isn't necessarily sum  uh , s you know , sum of weights or anything like that . 
B:  I mean i You could have , 
B:  uh , like the Noisy - OR function , really is one that 's essentially says , uh , take the max . 
B:  Same . 
B:  Uh 
B:  But anyway . 
B:  So  
B:  And , I thi I think that 's the standard way people get around the  uh 
B:  There are a couple other ones . 
B:  There are ways of breaking this up into s to  to subnets and stuff like that . 
B:  But , um 
B:  The 
B:  I think we definitely  I think it 's a great idea tha to  to pursue that . 
B:  Right . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  No . 
B:  So , i is 
B:  Well , let me say something , guys , 
B:  cuz there 's not  There 's a pretty point about this we might as well get in right now . 
B:  Which is  The hierarchy that s comes with the ontology is just what you want for this . 
B:  So that  <mouth> Uh , if you know about it  let 's say , a particular town hall  <breath> that , it 's one that is a monument , <breath> then , that would be stored there . 
B:  If you don't , you look up the hierarchy , 
B:  Eh  so , you  you  you may or  So , then you 'd have this little vector of , um , you know , Approach Mode or EVA Mode . 
B:  Let 's  OK , so we have <breath> the EVA vector for  for various kinds of landmarks . 
B:  If you know it for a specific landmark you put it there . 
B:  If you don't , you just go up the hierarchy to the first place you find one . 
B:  Absolutely . 
B:  Uh , or , link to  
B:  or  
B:  but  but in any case  i View it logically as being in the ontology . 
B:  It 's part of what you know about  a  an object , <breath> is its EVA vector . 
B:  And , if yo As I say , if you know about a specific object , you put it there . 
B:  This is part of what Dekai was doing . 
B:  So , when we get to Wu , The - e We 'll see w what he says about that . 
B:  And , then if you  If it isn't there , it 's higher , 
B:  and if you don't know anything except that it 's a b it 's  it 's a  building , then up at the highest thing , you have the pr what amounts to a prior . 
B:  If you don't know anything else about a building , <breath> uh , you just take whatever your crude approximation is up at that level , 
B:  which might be equal , or whatever it is . 
B:  So , that 's a very pretty relationship between these local vectors and the ontology . 
B:  And it seems to me the obvious thing to do , unless <mouth> we find a reason to do something different . 
B:  Does this make sense to you ? 
B:  Bhask - ? 
B:  Indeed . 
B:  So , that 's another thing we 're gonna need to do , is  is , to , either  
B:  We 're gonna need some way to either get a p tag in the ontology , or add fields , 
B:  or    <breath> some way to associate  
B:  Or , w It may be that all we can do is , um , some of our own hash tables that it  
B:  Th - the  th you know , there 's always a way to do that . 
B:  It 's a just a question of  
B:  i 
B:  th 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  e 
B:  Right . 
B:  And , so , 
B:  i 
B:  uh  
B:  Right . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Well , they  they  they  How ar What are they gonna do with instances ? 
B:  I mean , you  y 
B:  OK . 
B:  But what i What is SmartKom gonna do about that ? 
B:  Cuz , they have instances all the time . 
B:  But  Uh  uh  SmartKom 's gonna need an ontology . 
B:  I understand , <cough-laugh> but is anybody doing anything about it ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  It 's a political problem . 
B:  We won't worry about it . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Anyway . So we may have to  
B:  This is with the whole thing , 
B:  we may have to build another data stru 
B:  Conceptually , we know what should be done . 
B:  When we see what people have done , it may turn out that the easiest thing to do <breath> is to build a  a separate thing that  that just pools i i 
B:  Like , i i it  it may be , that , the  the instance  
B:  w That we have to build our own instance , uh , things , that , with their types , 
B:  and then it goes off to the ontology once you have its type . 
B:  So we build a little data structure 
B:  And so what we would do in that case , is , in our instance gadget have <mouth> our E V 
B:  And if we d there isn't one we 'd get the type 
B:  and then have the E V As for the type . 
B:  So we 'd have our own little , <breath> uh , EVA tree . 
B:  And then , for other , uh , vectors that we need . 
B:  So , we 'd have our own little <breath> things so that whenever we needed one , we 'd just use the ontology to get the type , 
B:  and then would hash or whatever we do to say , " ah ! 
B:  If it 's that type of thing , and we want its EVA vector , pppt - pppt !  it 's that . " 
B:  So , I I think we can handle that . 
B:  And then  But , the combination functions , and whether we can put those in Java Bayes , and all that sort of stuff , is , uh  is the bigger deal . 
B:  I think that 's where we have to get technically clever . 
B:  Well , I me ye <mike noise> eh , yeah , the  
B:  Yeah , I mean , it 's , uh , e e e e e cute . 
B:  I mean , you 've been around enough to  
B:  I mean  
B:  Just ? 
B:  I mean , there 's this huge package which  which may or may not be consistent 
B:  and  
B:  you know . 
B:  But , yeah , we could look at it . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  It 's b It  
B:  It 's an inter sort of a kind of a  it  
B:  The thing is , it 's kind of an interpreter 
B:  and i i it expects its data structures to be in a given form , 
B:  and if you say , " hey , we 're gonna <breath> make a different kind of data structure to stick in there  " 
B:  It may or may not . 
B:  I don't know . 
B:  That 's the question is " to what extent does it allow us to put in these G functions ? " 
B:  And I don't know . 
B:  Yeah , that 's fine 
B:  if it 's  if it comes only at the end . 
B:  But suppose you want it embedded ? 
B:  Oh , that  
B:  Yeah , that 's a truly horrible way to do d it . 
B:  One would hope  
B:  Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , you bet . 
B:  But , at that point you may say , " hey , Java Bayes isn't the only package in town . 
B:  Let 's see if there 's another package that 's , eh , more civilized about this . " 
B:  Now , Srini is worth talking to on this , 
B:  cuz he said that he actually did hack some combining functions into 
B:  But he doesn't remember  at least when I talked to him , he didn't remember <breath> whether it was an e an easy thing , a natural thing , or whether he had to do some violence to it to make it work . 
B:  Uh . 
B:  But he did do it . 
B:  Well , I say that 's one way to do it , is  is to just convert it int into a  into a C P T that you zip  
B:  It 's blown up , 
B:  and is a  it 's , uh  it 's huge , 
B:  but  <breath> it doesn't require any data fitting or complication . 
B:  I I understand . 
B:  I 'm just saying tha that w 
B:  That was wi that was my note . 
B:  The little note I sent said that . 
B:  It said , " Here 's the way you 'd take the logical f G function and turn it into a CPT . " 
B:  I mean that  the Max - the Evidence - Combining function . 
B:  So we could do that . 
B:  And maybe that 's what we 'll do . 
B:  But , um 
B:  don't know . 
B:  So , I will , e <inbreath> e before next week , uh , @ @  p push  push some more on  on this stuff that Dekai Wu did , 
B:  and try to understand it . 
B:  Uh , you 'll make a couple of more copies of the Heckerman paper to give to people ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  And , um 
B:  I think  
B:  Well , you and I should talk about it . 
B:  Alright , great ! 
B:  And , Robert , thank you for <breath> coming in under  
B:  He  he 's been sick , 
B:  Robert . 
