A:  OK . Are we done ? 
A:  We 're on . 
A:  So , I think we pre - crashed , 
A:  so I think we 're OK . 
A:  So it should be a really short meeting , I hope . 
A:  Uh , agenda items , number one , I wanna talk  since we were just discussing that  is microphone issues . 
A:  What the heck are we gonna do about microphones ? 
A:  So uh I got passed on that the EDU group doesn't like the uh , Crown mikes . 
A:  I do . 
A:  I l I think  I find them very comfortable . 
A:  Uh , but it seems to depend on your head shape . 
A:  That 's right . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Um , 
A:  Right . 
A:  So apparently they  they like 
A:  It has one good effect , that people are trying to get there early 
A:  because the people who get there early get to pick the mike . 
A:  People who show up late have to use these . 
A:  So , um , we should probably get different mikes . 
A:  So the question is , the easiest thing to do is certainly to just get two more , um , Sony mikes . 
A:  Just two more of those , 
A:  um . And that  that 's easy 
A:  and that will certainly work . 
A:  The other option is to try yet another mike . 
A:  Find one we like and potentially get six , all the same . 
A:  Um , these are better , if they 're worn correctly . 
A:  Yeah . Yeah , definitely . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So , I mean , they 're not a lot better , 
A:  but they are a little better . 
A:  Um , they 're more directional , 
A:  a little better error  uh , noise cancellation , 
A:  and also you can really get it right in front of your mouth , like this , 
A:  whereas that one , to avoid breath noise , you really have to put it at  to the side . 
A:  So you seem to get better signal with this one . 
A:  I don't know , 
A:  but  you know , in  in sort of random polling 
A:  I mean , so s 
A:  Well , I mean , that 's the other option , is that we could switch the form so it 's more obvious the distinction between channel and mike , 
A:  um , and then get duplicates . 
A:  I mean , there 's no problem with that . 
A:  It 's just  what  Should we get just more Sony ones ? 
A:  I hate the Sony ones . 
A:  b the one you 're wearing . 
A:  Because it  it pinches  pinches the temples too much . 
A:  I mean , so , if you wear it sort of around the back , it 's not too bad . 
A:  But I  
A:  Right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  So , I mean , we could try another mike . 
A:  But then we have the wiring issue , 
A:  and    So I  I don't know what to do . What do  
A:  what do people think ? 
A:  The plug is proprietary . 
A:  So that 's why I was saying getting more Sony ones is trivial , 
A:  because we can just go out and buy them . 
A:  Any other ones we have to buy them in pigtail versions and get them wired . 
A:  Yes . 
A:  So , the only possibilities from Sony are that one and the lapel mike . 
A:  So this isn't Sony . 
A:  This is Crown . 
A:  The one we 're wearing . 
A:  And so we had these wired for us . 
A:  And so  
A:  I think that 's probably the right first step is just get two more immediately , and have them available . 
A:  Right . And just make sure that you write down " Crown " or " Sony " on the mike number , 
A:  which I 'll change to mike type , or something like that . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Well , it 'll be me  
A:  It 'll be whoever 's setting up the meeting , 
A:  who fills out the key file , 
A:  so 
A:  It has the same potential for error as everything else . 
A:  No , no , we definitely would not have the user fill it out . 
A:  It would be me , Chuck , or Liz , depending on which meeting it is . 
A:  OK , so we 'll de definitely go ahead and do that . 
A:  Couple hundred . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  It depends on how good the mike is . 
A:  Well the Crown ones were like two - fifty . 
A:  I think those are like one - ninety . 
A:  But . 
A:  Yeah right . 
A:  No . 
A:  Yeah , good mikes are expensive . 
A:  So . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah , eighty or ninety for the Shures . 
A:  So . 
A:  I mean , the Sony ones are expensive 
A:  because they 're proprietary , 
A:  so they can charge whatever they want . 
A:  These are expensive 
A:  because they 're quite high quality . 
A:  So . 
A:  So we should buzz  that out if we send the data to Sony . 
A:  Well , I 'm just joking . 
A:  So , you do not have to bleep that out . 
A:  I don't mind if Sony knows my opinion . 
A:  So . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Also , we 're pro I wanna double check with Morgan , 
A:  he did say yes before I went to Japan on buying another wireless system 
A:  so that we can go all wireless , instead of the mix of wired and wireless . 
A:  And I think that 's the right thing to do . 
A:  And I 'm  
A:  Yep . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Four more wireless . 
A:  Um . 
A:  And also I 'm gonna re probably replace the Andrea mike with a Shure , 
A:  but I 'll test it , uh , sometime today or tomorrow to make sure the Shure one really works , 
A:  cuz I have an extra Shure in my office . 
A:  Yeah , apparently it 's had some problems . 
A:  Yeah . It 's uh  
A:  This one . 
A:  In the meantime , right , 
A:  because uh  it 'll  it 'll probably take a couple weeks to get it delivered from Sony anyway . 
A:  So  
A:  Oh really ? 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I guess cuz everyone 's been out of town . 
A:  Probably over the summer it 'll be the same 
A:  cuz it tends to be less , fewer people . 
A:  Um , 
A:  File  
A:  Uh , done with microphone issues , I think ? 
A:  If you want . 
A:  And this way we can get a door - slam in the uh  in the transcript file . 
A:  Oh well . 
A:  No - not quite a slam . 
A:  Uh , the door - slam phone ? 
A:  And then we could have the phone phone , 
A:  for  for when the phone rings . 
A:  Um , 
A:  Uh , file reorganization . 
A:  This is something we were talking about before I left 
A:  and saying we should probably wait until after I 'm back , 
A:  and now I 'm back , 
A:  so , we should do that at some point . 
A:  So we should get ourselves a list of everything we wanna do to reorganize the file structure and anything else . 
A:  Sure . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Shorten . 
A:  Is that the same as shorten ? 
A:  Well , OK , you mean it 's built into the SRI , 
A:  because we have the same thing with shorten in the sound tools . 
A:  So . 
A:  So it 's just a question of  of what decompression is built into your tools . 
A:  Oh really ? 
A:  I didn't know that . 
A:  Well , that 's not a sound tool , 
A:  right . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Shortening everything on the fly . 
A:  You had another process running that was shortening it . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Did you have to re - nice one of the processes to make sure that " shorten " ? 
A:  Watching the disk meter . 
A:  The list , 
A:  yep . 
A:  Start end . 
A:  Yep , the way Feacalc  calc does it . 
A:  It would be easy . 
A:  It wouldn't be hard at all . 
A:  Someone just needs to d sit down and do it who has some time . 
A:  And that way we wouldn't have multiple versions floating around . 
A:  About the only difficulty with that is if it 's compressed . Then you really do have to decompress it first . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Because the pointers are  
A:  Y you don't know how much it 's comp 
A:  It doesn't compress it by a fixed amount . 
A:  And  yeah I mean , that  it  
A:  Well , I mean , it just depends on how much disk space is a problem . 
A:  I mean the  what you could do is decompress it to a temporary place 
A:  and then operate on it and then delete it . 
A:  But . 
A:  That 's true . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Well , it seems like just shortening them is a good short - term solution 
A:  so we don't have to do any coding . 
A:  So . 
A:  No , it was  I was still here . 
A:  It was the day I left . 
A:  No if I  if I had done it on purpose I would have timed it right after I left . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Well , I think there was something else going on , 
A:  because uh Dave Johnson said that DD was getting accessed frequently . 
A:  And it shouldn't be . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  That data never gets touched , 
A:  because we write it once and then we never touch it again . 

A:  The wave files . 
A:  I mean , he was saying gigabytes . 
A:  And so , it has to be the wave files . 
A:  Yeah , so I asked Dave about it and he hasn't looked into it yet , 
A:  but we should definitely double check on it . 
A:  Every night . 
A:  So at any rate , so for file reorganization we need to first decide what we 're gonna do and then when we 're gonna do it . 
A:  So I 'm not sure who isn't involved with that . 
A:  I mean , certainly me , Chuck and Jane . 
A:  Anyone else  care ? 
A:  Right . 
A:  So , maybe we should do that 
A:  not during this meeting but s another time , 
A:  and just get a list of everything we 're gonna do . 
A:  OK . 
A:  So just update all the naming conventions 
A:  and put all the files where they really belong , on one disk , 
A:  and then leave  leave everything in place until the back - up  until the next full back - up 
A:  and then delete the old ones . 
A:  So . 
A:  Well , both need to be reorganized . 
A:  So um , 
A:  various paths , th 
A:  I mean this is why we have to do it in a synchronized way , 
A:  because um 
A:  Yes , exactly . 
A:  That too . 
A:  So that 's what I was saying . We need to get a list of all that stuff that we wanna do . 
A:  And so 
A:  I didn't really get any responses from the naming conventions that I sent out , 
A:  so I assume that 's alright with everyone . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  And  
A:  OK . Then I should have made that as an agenda item . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Well , I mean , how you choose to do it  the naming is up to you . 
A:  So . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Right . 
A:  I  Actually I was gonna do a global search - replace on all entries at  <laugh> at ICSI 
A:  to change MR to MRM at all places at ICSI . 
A:  Y you  
A:  Well , maybe I shouldn't say that on re record . 
A:  There was a typo in some of the contracts that Morgan got that someone , 
A:  one of our sponsors , did a global sear search and replace for  between " sponsor " and their name . 
A:  And so , it  it was saying , uh  
A:  Well , anyway , 
A:  I won't  
A:  I 'm not sure whether that 's right . 
A:  Yeah , one can imagine the problems that that would  engender . 
A:  So . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Um , 
A:  Thilo , you had  you wanted to talk about the  
A:  So you should probably talk to a Sys Admin and get it put in some central place . 
A:  So that it 'll work on all the NT machines . 
A:  Right . 
A:  So I assume Tcl - TK wasn't already on the machine , so you had to install it . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  So , w what features did you use ? 
A:  So not RASTA , 
A:  just PLP . 
A:  Huh . 
A:  Who cares ? 
A:  No , just would be a sign change . 
A:  How many iterations ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  So this is just combination at the utterance level . 
A:  Why do you think the ICSI front - end is so much worse ? 
A:  That seems really odd to me . 
A:  Oh right . Right , right , right . 
A:  Ca - can you run the SRI  Just as an experiment , run the SRI front - end without vocal tract norma normalization , and see how much difference it makes ? 
A:  If we could figure out how . 
A:  Yeah , but the  
A:  They won't  
A:  they don't correspond one - to - one though . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Right . 
A:  It gets pretty big . 
A:  And m my experience with that in Broadcast News was usually combining at other levels works better . 
A:  So . 
A:  For  for whatever that 's worth . 
A:  Oh yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So w 
A:  Yep . 
A:  It was mostly MSG , PLP , RASTA . 
A:  So , you know , the feature sets we had available . 
A:  And it was almost always better to combine at the probability level . 
A:  You know , so we 'd run the neural nets and combine the probabilities . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  You 'd also have to do some sort of normalization afterwards so that they 're uh orthogonal . 
A:  So you 'd wanna do a linear transform also . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Vocal tract thing , 
A:  yeah . 
A:  I was thinking about tandem system  
A:  Well , let 's not talk about it here , 
A:  but I had some thoughts about the tandem system . 
A:  OK , should we do digits ? 
A:  Do we have any other topics ? 
A:  OK , let 's do them one at a time instead of simultaneous since we actually have time . 
A:  Why don't we let Don go first before his battery dies ? 
A:  You can really tell from the prosody where it goes . 
A:  After digits , 
A:  I don't know . 
A:  Go ahead . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Probably . We could probably build that in to the front - end . 
A:  I don't know , 
A:  uh eh . Fff . 
A:  What would you like it to do when that happens ? 
A:  Well if an unblacked out channel is zero , is actually spitting out zeros , you can be pretty sure it 's off . 
A:  Because it doesn't spit out zeros , 
A:  it spits out epsilons . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Cuz there 's little background noise . 
A:  The question is , when the software detects it , what do you want it to do ? 
A:  I mean , it  it  it  
A:  We  we already have visual feedback , 
A:  right ? 
A:  You can see whether your mike is working or not . 
A:  Um . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Turn off the screen saver during the meeting . 
A:  Yeah , I d I don't know what to do other than  
A:  There 's no sound out right now . 
A:  Yep . Yep . Yeah yeah . That would be good . 
A:  Well , we can think about what to do about it , 
A:  but it  It 's pretty clear we can detect it , 
A:  so . 
A:  OK . Are we done ? 
