A:  Okay uh Agnes , you can help me for the slide when  okay . 
C:  Yep . Sure . 
A:  Okay , welcome back . I hope uh you have a fresh head and a fresh time . How t now the meeting actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting . Okay , and uh we'll issue some information from uh all of you . And it's in the , I think uh , in the sharing folder . And uh I will invite uh the Christine and the Ed and uh Agnes to discuss about on the various subjects . So can you go to the next slide ? Yeah uh the agenda of the meeting is opening . Then uh I'm going to talk about uh the project management , what I'm going to do , and uh , of course , I'm doing the project management and secretary both , okay , to take the minutes of the meeting . And there are three presentations . One is uh new project requirements . And the second one about uh decision on remote control functions . And uh finally we are closing . Uh and the meeting time will be uh forty minutes , so you have to be very quick . 


A:  And I have come up with the  management come with the new proposal , okay , and I have to discuss a few points on this . Uh both says new insights in the aim of your project . Uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded , okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology . So we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design . And the second one is about uh the remote control . Should be used only for the T_V_ . That's what our uh management says . And the third point , it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image , okay , with this new project or new product . Okay . 


A:  <other> So I will invite uh  Agnes , can you go to the third slide ? 
C:  No , this is the third slide . 
A:  Okay ,  . So , I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design . 
B:  'Kay , do you wanna open the  
C:  Sure . Um . You're participant s 
B:  I'm number two . 
C:  Two ? 
A:  <cough> 
B:  That's it . 
C:  Do you want the mouse , or do you want me to  
B:  I'll do the notes . Yeah , thanks . 
A:  <cough> 
B:  So um well I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements , and from my experience , I wanna uh , and from <other> research I did , uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button , you can't uh can't have like uh waffling on this point , you know . Really have  
A:  <cough> 
B:  It needs to be able y y have to be able to find it . Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them . So uh , I also , since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product , thought we better look at things that are popular and um ex go beyond those , and , as I said in the first meeting , um <other> and then uh we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction , especially in the the uh the outside of the product so that it gives the appearance , and it is reliable , and so forth . <other> 
A:  <cough> 
B:  I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls and when they were invented and so forth , so , I guess this guy Zenith uh created the Flashmatic , which I kinda like the idea , 'cause it made me think of um um maybe the remote control made a big flash when uh you turn the T_V_ on and off , that might be interesting . And um <other> so it was highly directional flash light that uh you could turn the picture on and off , and the sound on and off , and change channels c so I think um those are still requirements we have today , uh fifty years later . 
A:  <cough> 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  And uh it was really a pioneering innovation , but it was uh sensitive to the sun , so that uh it would get  would start off by the  you'd get  it would easily cause um problems . 
B:  And since I'm not really um <other> Industrial Designer , I didn't really know what to do with this slide . But um <other> I just <other> took some <other> different uh schematics and I put them into this , and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board .  I don't know why um we were asked to do this . So , uh <other> personal preferences , <laugh> um 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  I think we could uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here , and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh <other>  a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference . 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  So something that's very very flexible and inflatable and then you could shrink it . I think um it could either be  you could go either one extreme , be very colourful , or you could make it clear , and um kind of blend in with things , so you didn't have to um <other> uh have a problem with the th the decoration of the  of the user's home . Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof , because uh sometimes they fall into cups and , you know , it might be out by the swimming pool or something like that . 
A:  <cough> 
B:  Um <other> if you uh mi one of  one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not , because half the time , I keep pushing on the remote control , and I don't know if it's actually understood my message , so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue . And uh , course I never wanna replace the battery . 
D:  <other> 
B:  <other> So , that's  those are my f preferences , and that's my presentation . 


A:  so then uh Ed , so can you tell about  
D:  Okay , from the marketing  yeah , from the marketing side , just to to give an idea what the management is looking for , I was looking for a a remote control to have a s 
C:  S 'scuse me for one sec . 
D:  I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro , with a production price of uh twelve and a half Euro . For what uh I think from what we're trying to find , we're tr we're looking for , I don't think that price is exactly in the market . Okay ? 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  I'll explain myself here now in the sense that uh in a  in the recent surveys , uh from the ages  fr from fifteen to thirty-five , eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  Twenty-five Euros , uh that's that's a preson reasonable price . That's a market price right now . Now if we're gonna take a risk , and push this up a bit , make it more expensive , but give them added things that they don't have now , then it w it could possibly sell . Obviously the risk is there . 
A:  Yep . Yep . 
D:  Too expensive , they're not gonna buy . But , I think uh there's one other thing interesting  two things that are interesting  is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group , which always spends more money on trendy new things , speech recognition is requested . 
B:  <other> Speech recognition? . 
D:  And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Obviously , we can't make a remote into a computer , but maybe simple commands . I dunno , louder , softer , on , off . That might be a possibility , even though it costs more , to be the first on the market to produce this . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use . So we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly . <other> Uh fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time . <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> 
D:  So maybe one word speech recognition commands , say remote , and there's a beep beep beep , and they can find it through , you know , ten tons of newspapers , magazines , whatever you have at home . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  But , in the cost that uh the management is looking for , that's not gonna be possible . But if it's trendy , if it's fancy , it's got some colour to it , if it's very easy  easy to use , if it's got simple remote  speech remote uh control , like I said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset 'cause I can't turn the T_V_ on . So we're gonna have to look at it in a <other> in this global idea , with the ideas of the industrial uh design . 
A:  <cough> 
D:  But , price obviously we have to talk about . 
A:  Yep . 


D:  From from your side uh , you're gonna have to go back the management and s be more s precise . What do they want ? Uh <other> , a risk , take a risk on the market ? Something that's gonna cost more , but could very easily s make a boom in the market ? 
A:  Yes . Yes . Yes . Yep . 
D:  Because it has to be something totally different , has to be total totally new . Something that nobody has right now . 
A:  Yeah but but end of the day , you're the sales guy , so I will come back and sit on your head because uh you are going to give your sales projection , okay . 
D:  And it's gonna cost . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
A:  It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us and how much you are going to benefit , okay . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Sure . Sure . 
A:  And uh , so I don't mind to convince , okay , the management to spend some more money on the project , okay , if you can make out of 
D:  Obviously . 
A:  the money from this project . Yes , okay I don't mind to convince the the management , okay . 
D:  If the bottom line is positive . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  Mm . 
A:  The management says , okay , so they they don't want certain facilities , which it's already worked , okay , they want something uh new , okay . I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , I don't think they'll say no for that , okay . And uh I hope I can convince the management on that , okay . So if you have any uh new ideas , okay , for uh your  you can always come up and uh you can tell me if you need any uh s special , okay , coordination , okay , between any uh technical companies , which you can uh hide their technology backup , okay , for your uh functional design or technical design , okay , then I am ready to do that . 


A:  And uh what's your comments about uh  
C:  Um well , I mean , maybe if I go through my presentation , you can sort of see what the user perspective is , and how it ties into the other two comments . 
D:  Mm . 
A:  Yeah , so you are finish , Ed , uh so I can uh  
D:  Yes . Mm . 
A:  Okay , I'll uh hand over to Agnes . Just gonna close this . T Uh where are you , here ? 
C:  Mm participant three . 
A:  Participant three . 
C:  Nope , here  
A:  Okay , so I'll  yep . Okay . 
C:  Good . Thanks . Yeah , and that's fine . 
A:  Is it okay ? Alri 
C:  Okay . So , basically , the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products . So , in our case , existing remote controls . And then , what the good ideas are , and what the bad ideas are , and why they're bad and good , which isn't always as obvious . We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad , but when you look , technically , at how it works , sometimes that's not the case . Then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep , 'cause that'll feed into both Ed's work and Christine's work . Um and then what the remote control should look like , obviously , once we've got a good idea of what the functionalities are . So , in terms of the functionalities that we need , you obviously need to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off . You need to change channels , both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing . You need to be able to control the volume and then control any menus on the T_V_ to regulate contrast or whatever . So , the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls , in general . The buttons  it's not clear what they're supposed to do . Um often , you need to know specific button sequences <other> to get certain functionalities done , um which you don't necessarily always remember , especially if it's a functionality that you don't use very often . And that the buttons are too small . 
C:  So my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit , or to a minimum , sorry , make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed , so like the on button being really obvious one , the channel changing and the volume , and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . 
A:  Click mm . 
C:  Which , I think ties into what Christine and Ed have both said fairly reasonably . Um so , that's pretty much it , an I don't know if you guys have any questions or  


A:  So <other> for anybody need uh any help , for time being , on this uh subjects , okay , so please come back to me , and uh Christine , maybe I can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies to help you for uh make a design uh slim , okay , and to add some features , like we are talking about , the speech recognition and all . 
C:  Oh  Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 'cause we've thrown a lot of features onto the table , but 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  do we actually want to incorporate all of them , or have we missed anything ? 
D:  Hmm . 
B:  Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide , maybe that would provide some guidance ? 
C:  Sure . 
B:  Doesn't really tell us . 
A:  So not really this one we are talk ab 
D:  Individual actions . <other> 
B:  Well it says individual actions , it says user interf so I'm supposed to do the components concept , 
A:  Yep . 
B:  supposed to work on the user interface concept , and you're supposed to keep watching the trends . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach . I think we should <other> do as many features as uh  start with all of them right now and eliminate them later in the process , that's my suggestion . 
C:  I thought  
A:  Okay , that will be great . <other> And uh I'll send you the the minutes of meet 
B:  <laugh> You can object if you want to <laugh> 
C:  No , I I'm just thinking in terms of time , like if  
D:  <laugh> She's objecting . <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> Yes , now I'm objecting . No , I mean , I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away ? I mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um 
A:  Yeah . 
C:  and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use , maybe it's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , but  
D:  Oh th <other> we s we still have  
B:  I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 'cause w our meeting time has run out . Somebody else has go to use this room , and , you know , we can't hang out here and talk about this , so  
C:  I guess  
D:  Yeah . Right . 
C:  Sure . Yeah . Yeah . Sure . 


A:  Okay , what we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break , okay , then uh we can discuss furthermore , okay , with our areas , and uh then we will come back again in the  in the next meeting . So thanks for coming and uh I'll send you minutes of meeting , and uh please put your all information in the sharing folder so everybody can share the information . Okay ? 
C:  Okay . 
A:  So let's go for lunch then . 
B:  Thank you very much . 
D:  Agreed . <laugh> 
A:  Thank you . 


