A:  Okay . Right . Conceptual design meeting . Right . Okay , so  Right well um from the last meeting <laugh> I was trying to send you the minutes , but uh it didn't work out too well , so maybe in sort of um quick summary of the last uh meeting , I can quickly give you what we what we had . Uh right , so  
C:  <cough> 
A:  Wishing I hadn't closed the damn  Right so we had the fact that we're gonna have the the logo uh the company logo in its uh colour scheme incorporated onto the the device the remote device . We had uh made our decisions about uh made our decisions about uh the device itself , that it was gonna be simple to make it uh enable us to complete the project in time . We're gonna have uh effectively two pages , a front page which had the uh features that the uh the customers most wanted , and then the uh the backup features on the second page so that it could uh meet the technical requirements . And the customers wouldn't have to look at them too often , only as and when required . So . So basically what decisions uh have we uh made ? Uh have there been any uh changes ? 
B:  I think we all have a presentation again , so if we go through those and then um 
A:  Right . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Three presentation , yeah . So  Yeah , fine . 
B:   . Shall I go first again ?  
D:  Okay . 


B:  I see  this a little more smoothly than the last one . <cough> 
A:  <other> 
B:  Okay right , let's get started . Um basically the uh for the  Um I'll  back actually . 


A:  So are we able to make that decision now in a sense that this is the point at which we're discussing that issue , so would it not be best to  rather than  I mean one way is to do each of the presentations and then make decisions going back to the various presentations as they were . The other way would be to do the presentation and then make the decision at that point in time . 
B:  Yeah yeah . We decide . Yeah . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um . Maybe w 
C:  Yeah , that's probably a better one , to discuss it straight away . 
A:  'Cause at that point then you've got the details up there , so if we wanted to know for instance that the scroll wheel required the regular  and what required advance . Then if we were able to see that down then we could make the decision at that point in time and then that would be the end of that issue . Does that make sense ? 
B:  Um . Yes . 
C:  <cough> Um I have a lot of the information there . It might not be very clear . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Is there  
C:  Unless you want to plug it back in to yours . 
B:  Um . We could do , yeah . Um yeah we should  . 
A:  <cough> 
B:  As I say it only specified that we need a more advanced circuit board for the scroll wheel , it didn't  The voice recognition came as a separate piece of information . Um . 
A:  Mm-hmm . No the scroll wheel required the regular , so the  
B:  Yeah if if you  down um . 
A:  Hmm . 
B:  It's just this bit at the bottom which I've highlighted , but the scroll wheel requires a mini m minimally a regular chip , which is in the higher price range . 
A:  <other> Okay . The display requires an advanced chip the display requires an advanced chip which in turn is more expense . 
C:  I think the scroll wheel um  
B:  Also the display's for something else which we decided against . Um but that bit  
A:  Okay . 
B:  And note that the push button just requires a simple chip , so that would keep the price down . 
A:  Down . 
C:  Yeah , and if we're going for sleek and sexy , I think a scroll wheel is maybe a bit kinda bulky ? I I've got um pictures well I've seen pictures with it kind of sticking off the side of it , and they don't really look great . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Right . Okay . 
B:  'Kay . So maybe just a simple push button , and that would cut costs on the  
A:  So . So we're going for p Okay . So  is um  
D:  So are we going for the w are we going for the simple one , are we ? 
C:  Yeah , a simple pushbuttons . 
D:  Okay . 
A:  Simple push button . <other> 
B:   Did everyone get this on the speech recognition ? The um it was basically what we said before , the idea that you record in a set message , and then it picks up that message um and replies to you . So it is basically the concept we discussed before . Um but then we don't know for sure whether it would require a more complicated circuit board . I'm guessing it would , but  got like the definite information . Maybe we should go on what we're certain of rather than  
A:  Mm-hmm . 
D:  Yeah .  
A:  So if we go for the simple push button , so effectively we're going for the simple printed circuit board are we ? Or are we going for the regular ? 
B:  Um if it's just the push button then it just needs the simple circuit board . 
A:  Mm-mm . But is there any other  <other> I mean okay , that's true for the  for for that element , but we have to take all  el elements into consideration . And so if there is one element that requires the more expensive one , or say the regular one , or the more advanced , then that would have to be the same for all of them . S 
D:  Mm . 
C:  Hmm . But  
D:  I suppose we need we need to find out what circuit board that requires , maybe before we  m make a decision . 
C:  But the way that I interpret that um it doesn't seem to send out a signal to the telly , it just  it's like a parrot just rep reply replying to your message . So I don't think it would effect our circuit board . 
A:  Right . 
D:  Oh yeah , I suppose so , yeah . 
A:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  So maybe that would be something separate , yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  No . 
B:  Okay , so we'd have a simple circuit board and that would be an extra that would be in addition to it . Oh that makes sense . 
A:  <other> 
C:  Yeah . And I don't think you could really perform any of the remote functions with it . 'Cause the example that they've given there is good morning coffee machine , good morning Jo . It might be useful to say like where are you remote . Here I am , Jo . <laugh> But I think that's maybe as far as that one could go ? 
D:  Yeah . 
A:  Mm-mm . 
B:  Okay . 
D:  <laugh> Yeah . <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> Okay . 
D:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah that makes sense , so we'd stick with the simple circuit board and then think of the speech recognition as an extra an extra possibility . 
C:  Yeah , just as a fun way to find it . 
A:  <laugh> Simple circuit board . Simple push button . 
B:  Okay . Um . 
A:  Okay . W w kinetic . You were you were wanting to go for the kinetic power supply . 
C:  And it says that  I think it said the cost of that isn't too much . 
B:  Um yeah I I thought so just for  just for ease of not having to replace the batteries . 
A:  Mm-hmm . And how does it get uh charged up ? 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um . It's um I think it works on the basis they have some kind of ball bearings inside . It's um it's some on watches which you you kind of you shake to power it up . Somehow the mechanism inside powers up through movement . So you'd you'd move the remote around a little bit and then that powers it up to use it . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
A:  Okay . Okay . So the speech recognition was  Are we going for speech recognition ? No ? 'Cause that required the advanced  
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Um I think it would be helpful to find it , but I don't think it'd um  
D:  Just  
B:  Uh yeah I think  did we decide it didn't affect the circuit board , it just affected  
C:  Yeah , I think so . 
D:  Just just for the call and find thing . 
B:  It was just  
A:  I had speech recognition requires advanced req require 
B:  Oh no th that's what that's what I thought , but maybe maybe it doesn't  . Um I think I might have got that wrong . 
A:  Oh . So okay . Speech recognition you reckon then is s simple . And so we would want it in as an extra because it doesn't appear to cost too much . Would that be  
D:  'Cause it's s it's separate isn't it , it's not part of the  
B:  It's it's just an addition thing it's um yeah . 
C:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  'Kay . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  'Kay shall I pass on to you now ? 
C:  I think  
A:  In fact , it wouldn't really cost anymore , would it ? 
C:  I'll just just check what it said . Actually I don't think it really says anything about the cost , but it says that it's already in the coffee machines , so 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  like it's already kind of  
B:  I assume it would cost extra , but  Maybe we maybe we'll find out how much that does cost and have to decide slightly later . 
A:  <laugh> And then have to change all <laugh> change  everything at the last minute . 
C:  <laugh> 


A:  Okay . S 
C:  Um . <cough> Oh , that was quick . Um okay , so very brief presentation , um . 
C:  Um and I think that's all I had to say for that . 
D:  Okay . 


C:  Um so what was the decision on the um design of the volume button ? 
B:  Um  Are we are we gonna go through the design of all the buttons at the moment , or are we gonna t 
D:  I've I've got some things to say about possible design things from 
B:  Yeah , maybe we should see yours first . 
C:  Oh okay . 
A:  Okay . 
D:  trend watching . Cool . 
D:  So 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  <laugh> <laugh> 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
D:  we need to emphasise the fancy design with on on our remote control above all else . And then also try and add in technological informat innovation which could be our sort of find the thing with a hand clap . And then we need to ma sort of make it easy to use that's as a third priority , so perhaps um fewer fewer buttons and functions as we've as we've discussed . And then maybe find a way to incorporate these trends so that we sort of capture people's imaginations . 
C:  <cough> 
D:  So maybe we could make the buttons shaped like fruit and veg , or the the buttons could be spongy , uh somehow . Maybe we could make them out of rubber rather than sort of hard plastic . And then sort of even wackier than that , we could maybe have a fruit or vegetable shaped remote , say in the shape of a banana or something like that . <other> Right , so that'll be it . Maybe a banana or courgette or something . <laugh> 
C:  <cough> 
A:  <laugh> 


B:  So did we did we decide on the kinetic power supply ? The one you move around ? Okay . Um  
D:  Yeah I think that think that's a good idea . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Yep . 
B:   
C:  And the rubber push buttons , rubber case . 
D:  Rubber  Rubber buttons and case . 
C:  Um and we don't really know much about the colour scheme or logo yet do we , but possibly a sticker . 
B:  Oh we ca Yeah yeah , we'll still have the  Are we gonna go for the simple circuit board just to keep the cost down ? I th I think we can by by not having anything too complicated  . 
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah and and the voice recognition , we can use that can't we , just to find it . 
B:  Um . 
D:  Yeah yeah . 
B:  <other> Um . 
C:  Without affecting the circuit board . 
A:  Yes . Yep . 
B:  And see we could always decide against it if something comes up that's just something to  that we seemed to leave out . 
D:  Okay . And then are we going for sort of one button shaped like a fruit . <laugh> Or veg . 
C:  Yeah that sounds like it wouldn't do too much harm in a couple of years . Uh what sort of shape do we want ? 
D:  Don't know , maybe just 
A:  So we've got spongy feel buttons as well , have we ? As well as  or w or was that  
D:  Yeah . That's ru rubber buttons , yeah . 
B:  Yeah , it was just  
A:  So it's rubber buttons , so it's not really spongy feel buttons , it's just rubber buttons . With a rubber case right ? 
B:  'Kay . 
D:  Yeah . <other> Reasonably spongy I guess , yeah . 
C:  Yeah , so it's not too wacky . 
A:  And the standby button is gonna be different . 
D:  Yeah okay . 
C:  Um I think an apple would be a good recognisable shape . If you start getting into kinda aubergines and things , it gets a bit weird . 
D:  <laugh> Yeah  . 
A:  Okay so what what shape are we making the standby button ? A apple . Oh oh  Sorry ? 
D:  Apple ? 
C:  Vote ? 
B:   
D:  Yeah . 
C:  Shall we vote on it ? Anyone got any suggestions ? Right . 
D:  Yeah . Apple apple a a qu Quite a big one , as well . <laugh> A big apple . Uh  
B:  We will go for the a a a apples apples . 
A:  <laugh> 
C:  Okay . Ah . <laugh> Well it could be red . 
A:   
D:  Could be a red apple , yeah . Either , don't mind . 
A:  A red apple ? Is it ? 
C:  Yeah 'cause we wanna incorporate a bit of colour if we can , once we find out um  
B:  Okay . And then we're gonna  are you gonna work on keeping the button design quite simple ? Just like the  Just working out what we're gonna do for the next time . 
D:  Mm-hmm . 
B:  Um . 
C:  Yeah . Yeah that seems pretty straight forward . 'Cause most of them will just be kind of mainly circular or like very plain . 
B:  Yeah . 'Kay . 
D:  Mm-hmm . Okay . 
A:  Sorry what was that last thing again there ? 
C:  Uh just to keep the shape of the buttons simple . 
A:  Right  much option on that . I thought you were going for a single curve and  
C:  Ah just the uh shape of the buttons . 
A:  Alright . 
B:  And j yeah , just keeping the sort of the labelling them labelling of them fairly simple as well . Fairly sort of self explanatory . 
C:  Yeah . 
A:  Right , so shape of buttons simple . 


A:  Okay . So that's that , I guess . We should now go away and get these things sorted out .  I guess you two are on plasticine duty or whatever . <laugh> Okay , so um . 
D:  <laugh> 
C:  <laugh> 
B:  Okay . Is that the end ? Okay . 
D:  Looks like it . <laugh> 
A:  Okay . 


