C:  So , this is uh first meeting of this design project . 
C:  Um and I um like to show you the agenda for the meeting , 
C:  is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly , 
C:  this is the the plan for today's meeting 
C:  Then the main purpose is to  so that we get to know each other a little bit more . 
C:  Um then we want to practice using some of the tools that we'll be using during the the course of the design project and the meetings , 
C:  um specifically the whiteboard over there . 
C:  Um then we need to go through the specifics of our project plan um 
C:  come up with some preliminary ideas about it . 
C:  So we've got twenty five minutes to do that , 
descriptions: Inform Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager opens the meeting by going over the agenda.

C:  What we're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television . 
C:  Um we want it to be something original , something trendy and also something user friendly , 
C:  so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: She explains the project, which is to create a new remote control for television that should be original, trendy, and user-friendly.

C:  The method that we're going to use to complete the project , that has three components as such . 
C:  There's the functional design of the the remote control . 
C:  the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially 
C:  and then come together for meetings to to work on that . 
C:  Um similarly with the conceptual design , 
C:  Um and then the detailed design will come after that . 
C:  We'll pull it all together . 
A:  I'm a bit confused about uh what's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design ? 
A:  Uh i is it just uh more detail , uh as I understand it ? 
C:  I think it  th w we're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you'll be  
C:  we want to look at what functions we need in the remote control 
C:  but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that 
C:  and includes the  how people are going to use it and and that kind of thing . 
A:  it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product ? 
C:  Um I think we'll we'll start that initially with the functional design already but then 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The three components of completing the project will be functional, conceptual, and detailed design.

C:  Um what I'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we're using for <other> for the project , 
C:  each person in turn , I'd like us to go up to the whiteboard , 
C:  and draw your favourite animal 
C:  and then tell everyone what the f your favourite characteristics of that animal are 
C:  and while you're doing that tell us your name , what your role is and perhaps how your animal relates to the role that you're taking in this project . <laugh> 
B:  So , my name's Cat 
B:  Um this is a rabbit . <laugh> 
B:  I am the Marketing Expert <other> 
B:  I'm gonna be doing the  apparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everything  the user g requirements specification of the functional design , um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design <other> 
D:  Um so my name is Maarika . 
D:  I'm the Interface Designer in this project 
D:  but I do like dogs . 
D:  um so um in the different um <other> stages of the design , so at first I will be responsible for um for <other> yeah , designing the technical functions of the um <other> um of the remote control 
D:  uh then in the in the conceptual design stage I need to um come up with uh interface concept 
A:  um my name is Gaurav . 
A:  my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer , 
A:  so I'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um 
A:  what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design , 
C:  I'm Jen . 
C:  It's a gecko . 
C:  and I'm your Project Manager for today 
C:  and my role is basically to keep things going 
C:  and make sure that you all work together in a productive way , so that by the end of the day we come up with a great product . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They introduce themselves by going up to the white board and stating their name, role, drawing their favorite animal, and sharing their favorite characteristic about the animal.

C:  Okay , so this is the um overall budget for our project . 
C:  Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each . 
C:  Um and with that we're aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros . 
C:  And that's selling them on the international market , not just in the U_K_ . 
C:  Um so to do that our finance people estimate that we need production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that we can reach that profit target . 
C:  Does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we're thinking of this remote control ? 
D:  I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have  w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones . 
C:  but if we all have a think , when we go away from the meeting , what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that <other> are out of the ordinary . 
A:  <other> I think uh i in the beginning uh one thing was  that was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy , user friendly and original 
A:  that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this . 
A:  although I don't think that um it's a huge problem for remote controls anyway , battery life , 
A:  but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life , 
A:  I mean we can think about all these little things , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Suggest Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: After they talk about their overall budget, they discuss what special features they want to include in this remote control that existing ones do not have.

B:  So I'm kind of thinking , you know like those phones that they have , the new generation ones , where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that . 
C:  So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing , or  
B:  like I mean you know , theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your T_V_ , right ? 
B:  Something that's a little less crowded than this , 
B:  But what do most people do ? 
B:  They turn it on , they watch certain specified channels , you know , and then they turn it off again . 
A:  <other> There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time , 
C:  It could be one button for a menu or something , if you really need to go and do that . 
B:  and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons , which just confuse them . <other> 
D:  because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems 
D:  Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones , 
A:  A big learning curve , yeah . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Suggest Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They discuss making a menu-based remote which would be less crowded with buttons and therefore stylish and sleek but functional.

C:  so we need to wrap it up now , 
C:  Um <other> we've got another meeting in thirty minutes , 
C:  you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace , 
C:  Uh I'll see you in half an hour . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: They end the meeting with the project manager going over the task each member is to complete before the next meeting.

C:  and for you it's the user requirements specification , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The marketing expert will work on user requirements specification.

C:  but im basically you're looking at the working design , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The interface specialist will look at the working design.

C:  you're looking at the technical functions design , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: The industrial designer will work on the technical functions design.

C:  you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - action: They will get specific instructions when they get back to their workspace.

C:  Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: They will sell the remotes for twenty five Euros each.

C:  Um and with that we're aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: They will aim for a profit of fifty million Euros.

C:  And that's selling them on the international market , not just in the U_K_ . 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remotes will target the international market.

B:  So I'm kind of thinking , you know like those phones that they have , the new generation ones , where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that . 
C:  So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing , or  
B:  Something that's a little less crowded than this , 
C:  It could be one button for a menu or something , if you really need to go and do that . 
descriptions: Elicit-Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: The group got the idea of making a menu-based remote that would require very few buttons to operate.

D:  Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones , 
D:  because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems 
A:  A big learning curve , yeah . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - problems: Although this is an original idea, one group member points out that may be too innovative and users could have difficulty learning how to operate it.

C:  so we need to wrap it up now , 
descriptions: Inform 
abst_sum - problems: They did not yet come to a decision about whether this idea should be implemented.

