B:  just to try and roughly go over what we agreed in the last one , um 
B:  Um something that looks good 
B:  'cause that seems to be in preference to actual functionality in the end , 
B:  Uh many of our components are gonna be standard , off the shelf , 
B:  but it seemed like we were gonna require at least an advanced chip 
B:  and we were still very much for the idea of using an L_C_D_ display . 
B:  Um other things were we were hoping to use rubber , 
B:  most likely gonna be double curved , etcetera . 
B:  due to your hard work , we might as well let the uh two designers go first , 
B:  and uh show us the prototype . 
B:  Quite how the best way to do this is , I'm not sure , 
A:   I think if we both step up 
A:  and uh outline our ideas . 
A:  do  uh doing the prototype gave us a bit more insight into the ergonomics of the design . 
A:  Um for one thing , it turned out that the only point at which it needs to be articulated for handedness is um is h i is down here for the uh L_E_D_ . 
A:  As it turned out , the whole thing transfers from the right to left hand fairly well from the point of view of operating the uh function buttons and joystick , 
A:  You could simply have a slightly ovoid shaped joystick 
A:  that could then just be turn uh twisted round , 
A:  But as you as you see with the uh <other> with holding it in the left hand , the L_ uh the L_C_D_ is nowhere useful , 
A:  so that would need to be articulated uh if we're going to retain  ergonomic design . 
A:   this design could be done with um with uh plastic casing . 
A:  Though I would recommend around the grip part here in the middle , having maybe just a rubber grip over that 
A:  which would allow for a slightly more sort of bio-morphic form , and a bit more ergonomic as well . 
A:  I I got your note about uh keeping the cost down . 
A:  As for the um as for the single curve , um well this edge and this edge , like I say it would be nice to have some curvature to it , 
A:  Really the curve that's most needed is the underside 
A:  Um and you have the uh transmitter here and a wee speaker for the uh for the uh for the uh fi uh for the remote control finder . 
D:  Um obviously it's gonna be bulkier than how it looks , 
D:  because it's gonna be flat on one side , 
D:  And it's plastic as well , 
D:  so it won't be as comfortable on the hand . 
A:  if we could if we could still do the rubber , I though of was to have  the uh rubber extend beyond the end of the uh <other> of the rigid substructure . 
A:  So it has a wee sort of tail 
A:  that you just drape over your wrist 
descriptions: Offer Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Assess Suggest Suggest Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest Suggest Inform Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented a prototype for the remote the team is designing and discussed its ergonomic appearance and its features.

C:  Basic point uh have a list of criteria that we need to rate the prototype by . 
C:  it's a seven s um seven seven step kinda evaluation process . 
C:  seven scale . 
C:  after we've finished doing all the ratings for each criteria , 
C:  we average that 
C:  And uh the criteria  based on Real Reactions' kinda goals and policies , marketing strategies , and also those I put together from the user requirements phase . 
C:  those are the criteria . 
C:  And uh perhaps I could have put 'em a bit better , 
C:  but you notice a few things that we've totally abandoned , 
C:  which means <other> that uh the product will score very badly on some of those points . 
C:  we have to go through each point . 
C:  and just give it a a score . 
C:  uh how well have we realised the dream of being able to stop remotes from from being lost , or to be able to find them once they are lost . 
C:  I mean , uh is the homing thing still  the locator , is that still  
A:  Yeah , that's still part of the design . 
B:  I mean I don't think anybody could actually stop a remote being lost , 
A:  Mm . And making it a bright colour helps 
C:  we still have that noise thing , 
C:  on a scale of one to seven , how would you guys rate it for finding  finding it once it's lost ? 
A:  I'd say number one . 
B:  just before we go through all of the steps here , um well what we'll do is 
B:  um if we can look at the criteria you're gonna evaluate , 
B:  and then we'll come back to the product evaluation 
C:  is that Real Reactions has a a goal strategy that all of the products be inspired by material fashion , and clothing fashion . 
C:  Something I neglected from my initial research 
C:  That is why fruit and veg being popular in the home and in clothing was important 
B:  And then we'll come back pretty much promptly to this . 
C:  And uh this bit is this one easy to use for visitors or for anybody ? 
C:  I guess it's just the same as saying easy to use interface , 
C:  And we can come back to it , you said . 
B:  Slight problem we had 
B:  was that we have an amazing four Euros over budget for what we were hoping to do . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Inform Inform Inform Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Elicit-Assessment Assess Fragment Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Inform Suggest Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: The marketing expert began to lead the team in conducting an evaluation of the prototype but was interrupted when the project manager shifted the discussion to examining the production costs of the team's product.

B:  Slight problem we had 
B:  was that we have an amazing four Euros over budget for what we were hoping to do . 
B:  Um most of it stems from the use of the L_C_D_ 
B:  which I think in the end accounted for about half of our expenditure 
B:  Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_ , 
B:  at which point we've removed a large part of how we were gonna interface ,  
B:  Or what we did was that we um we as in I as I was quickly going over it was altering the actual structure . 
B:  Um changing it to plastic and a solid unit with a single curve design would allow us to come back into the um proposed costs 
B:  we've got point two of a Euro left over there . 
B:  Even then as well , um there was no criteria technically defined for a joystick 
B:  so I've used what I think's appropriate . 
B:  It blows a lot of our really good ideas kind of slightly to one side , 
B:  for example the possibility of having a U_S_B_ connection is definitely not viable now . Um . 
B:  We've got an advanced chip , 
B:  we've got the use of the L_C_D_ . 
B:  I really think as m much as it pains me 
B:  is that we might have to go with plastic and some kind of solid design , 
B:  possibly meaning that the L_C_D_ wouldn't be in this perfect place . 
A:  Mm-hmm I suppose o one thing that could be done is h <other> is have it um circular 
C:  Do you have any data on how much um different prints cost ? 
C:  I mean can you get the entire thing printed with a design um ? 
B:  You now have as much information as I do . <laugh> Um . 
B:  I've said single curved . 
B:  We really do need it to be that way for the ergonomics of it . 
B:  Um plastic for some reason incurs no cost , 
B:  if I've read this thing correctly , then we can save point five of a Euro here in that it's not per push button . 
B:  As you can see , the use of an L_C_ display um advanced chip and what would determine the scroll wheel here as well 
B:  I'm very much open to suggestions of where we go , 
B:  this one comes in under price as you can see , 
B:  but this was the one that sacrificed the material for the case and for the actual case design . 
C:  uh  what about speakers and transmitters and stuff like that ? Have we factored that in ? 
B:  Uh no , we haven't , not  
C:  Transmitter , receiver , speakers . Plus the extra device itself that's gonna be on a T_V_ . 
D:  That's too expensive  
A:  Mm . I think  if we remove the the L_C_ display then there was absolutely no point to any of these meetings 
B:  If we remove the L_C_ display , we could save ourselves 
B:  If we could've increased the price we could've manufactured that and we could've got something far closer to what we were hoping to . 
B:  Um but for the purposes of this meeting , I'm  we're gonna have to stick with these figures . 
B:  I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 
B:  are people maybe not happy with , but are willing to go ahead with this in going for a plastic solid case , to keep the L_C_D_ ? 
A:  I mean ho uh how much extra would it be to to keep I mean <other> keep the um the articulation ? 
B:  Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved , 
D:  it can still be single curved , 
C:  Could we could we not get rid of the curvy the curvous the curvaceousness 
C:  and focus on the menu being the best interface ? 
B:  so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation . 
C:  Sample speaker ? What is a sample speaker ? 
A:  that's that voice response thing that we got the email about . 
A:  But I thought it was just completely pointless . 
A:  B i basically it was  saying that our labs had come up with a chip 
A:  and it would say hello back in a friendly female voice  . <other> 
C:  it looks like we're gonna get rid of the whole loca <other> locator thing . 
B:  One  point five of a Euro for one push button doesn't sound quite right . 
A:  l let's say that and then we can have our special coloured case 
B:  I quite like that colour that you're fetching there , 
A:  Yellow . <other> 
B:  make it glow in the dark even better . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Suggest Fragment Elicit-Offer-Or-Suggestion Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest Suggest Elicit-Inform Inform Assess Inform Inform Suggest Assess Suggest Assess Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: The original specifications of the team's product proved to be too expensive and so the team had to discuss which features to lose and which to maintain in order to meet the target cost.

B:  we'll come back to uh your evaluation 
B:  Just to give you an idea , um you want to go maybe a bit quickly as well , 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - abstract: After discussing costs, the team returned to conducting their product evaluation.

C:  Ability to stop remotes from being lost or to find them once they are lost . 
A:  Three . I think we can do three . 
C:  Reduce the number of unused buttons . 
B:  I'd say we're doing well there . 
C:  Easy to use interface , buttons menu , menus  
C:  we're not doing so badly . 
C:  Um <other> easy to use  
C:  let's forget that one . 
C:  Fancy looking . <other> 
A:  It doesn't get much fancier . 
C:  Technologically innovative . 
C:  we're getting rid of the locator thing 
A:  Mm . I'd give it a three for this  for that . 
A:  I mean the menus thing is something you don't normally see on um on a remote , 
C:  Materials that people find pleasing . 
C:  Sponginess is what they really would have wanted , apparently . 
B:  Plastic , it sucks . 
A:  Mm-hmm . I'd s I I'd give it a six , to be honest . 
C:  that's totally thrown everything off balance . 
C:  Inspired by the latest interior and clothing fashion . 
A:  I I I would sa I would say give a s give a selection of colours . 
A:  Um we went with yellow we went with yellow for the prototype 
A:  Leopard print would be cool . 
C:  But um by this I think it's more a case of fruit and veg ,  
B:  It would also help keep the the product placement 
C:  Is this like a banana type colour ? 
C:  it's not shaped like a banana is  
A:  I I think s I I think this isn't  not particularly fruit and veggie . Um . 
B:  I mean it's probably more fruit and veg than most other things out there bar fruit and veg , 
A:  Mm . I'd <other> I'd I don't think fruit and veg is the sole criterion . <laugh> Is the sole criterion for being um fashion  fashionable or inspired by current fashions . 
B:  and we can make it yellow , 
B:  and that's pretty much banana like . 
D:  Yeah , I'll go with five . 
descriptions: Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Fragment Suggest Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Assessment Suggest Assess Inform Elicit-Assessment Inform Assess Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Suggest Inform Suggest Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Assess Inform Suggest Assess Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The prototype was evaluated on the basis of its ability to be located when misplaced, ease of use, appearance, technological innovativeness, and sponginess.

C:  we have one , two , three , four , five , six , seven . 
C:  So five , seven , ten , sixteen , twenty one . 
C:  Which gives us an average of three . 
C:  it's it's not bad . 
B:  considering the price we had to get this in , to have a positive  you know , even based on the four of us being heavily biased , um 
A:  are people really gonna shell out twenty five Euros for something that's only marginally good ? 
descriptions: Other Other Inform Assess Assess Elicit-Inform 
abst_sum - abstract: Overall, the prototype received average marks.

B:  Um quickly we'll pop onto project evaluation . Um . 
B:  we've got these uh four criteria here for uh satisfaction . 
B:  Does anybody want to um um do you have any opinions on any of them ? 
B:  Um  people made good use of the uh pen and paper ? 
B:  I'm not quite sure what the advantage for us using a digital pen might be . 
A:  I think this is a  I think the digital pen's mostly for the benefit of the uh 
A:  of the researchers studying this . 
A:  Though it would have been nice to be able to transfer the um 
A:  transfer our n our paper notes onto the uh computer ourselves . 
B:  How are people satisfied with the teamwork we've managed to display today ? 
D:  Good . 
C:  yeah I liked it , 
B:  Leadership . As much as can be leadered in this uh thing . 
D:  Very good . 
B:  Um last one we've got is room for creativity . 
A:  <other> Unti uh uh until uh until accounts came along , 
D:  We're burs bursting with creativity . 
C:  We we're not lacking in ideas , 
B:  I think of  in the end , ideas that can be used  sadly  . 
B:  Not so much that we weren't full of ideas , but of ones that are gonna allow us to actually build the thing . 
B:  I think we needed a larger budget . 
A:  Mm . I mean I th <other> I mean I think to r retaining the s the more sort of bio-morphic form in the articulation would gain more in s uh would gain more profit in sales than it would lose in uh 
B:  I I think it's gone okay today , considering the information that we've had at our disposal , and um such . 
C:  Maybe the counts wou woulda been better if we had a list or more  Yeah , to begin with . 
B:  It is very much a pity to um get so far into the stage and then find out that maybe some of your ideas are just a bit too expensive . 
B:  is there anything else that anybody would like to to add , um  
B:  before I quickly write up a final report . 
B:  but we've got something 
B:  we think we can maybe stick onto the the market and sell . 
C:  <laugh> I was actually kind of upset you know at the budget , and that we had to cut a lot of stuff . 
descriptions: Suggest Inform Elicit-Assessment Elicit-Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Elicit-Assessment Assess Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Elicit-Assessment Assess Be-Negative Inform Fragment Inform Assess Inform Assess Suggest Assess Elicit-Inform Offer Inform Inform Assess 
abst_sum - abstract: The team then evaluated the project process, finding that they were happy overall but quite displeased with the small budget.

None

abst_sum - action: *NA*

B:  we've got the use of the L_C_D_ . 
B:  I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 
descriptions: Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will feature an LCD.

A:  As for the um as for the single curve , um well this edge and this edge , like I say it would be nice to have some curvature to it , 
D:  because it's gonna be flat on one side , 
B:  I've said single curved . 
B:  so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation . 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The case for the remote will be single curved.

A:  l let's say that and then we can have our special coloured case 
B:  and we can make it yellow , 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be designed in a special color.

A:   this design could be done with um with uh plastic casing . 
B:  is that we might have to go with plastic and some kind of solid design , 
B:  Um plastic for some reason incurs no cost , 
descriptions: Suggest Suggest Inform 
abst_sum - decisions: The remote will be made of plastic instead of rubber.

B:  was that we have an amazing four Euros over budget for what we were hoping to do . 
B:  Um changing it to plastic and a solid unit with a single curve design would allow us to come back into the um proposed costs 
B:  Or what we did was that we um we as in I as I was quickly going over it was altering the actual structure . 
B:  at which point we've removed a large part of how we were gonna interface ,  
B:  Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_ , 
B:  which I think in the end accounted for about half of our expenditure 
B:  we've got point two of a Euro left over there . 
B:  Even then as well , um there was no criteria technically defined for a joystick 
B:  so I've used what I think's appropriate . 
B:  It blows a lot of our really good ideas kind of slightly to one side , 
B:  for example the possibility of having a U_S_B_ connection is definitely not viable now . Um . 
B:  I really think as m much as it pains me 
B:  is that we might have to go with plastic and some kind of solid design , 
B:  if I've read this thing correctly , then we can save point five of a Euro here in that it's not per push button . 
B:  Um plastic for some reason incurs no cost , 
B:  this one comes in under price as you can see , 
C:  uh  what about speakers and transmitters and stuff like that ? Have we factored that in ? 
B:  Uh no , we haven't , not  
D:  That's too expensive  
B:  If we remove the L_C_ display , we could save ourselves 
A:  I mean ho uh how much extra would it be to to keep I mean <other> keep the um the articulation ? 
B:  Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved , 
D:  it can still be single curved , 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Suggest Inform Inform Elicit-Inform Inform Inform Suggest Elicit-Inform Inform Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: Meeting the target cost.

B:  Um most of it stems from the use of the L_C_D_ 
B:  which I think in the end accounted for about half of our expenditure 
B:  Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_ , 
B:  at which point we've removed a large part of how we were gonna interface ,  
B:  we've got the use of the L_C_D_ . 
A:  Mm . I think  if we remove the the L_C_ display then there was absolutely no point to any of these meetings 
B:  If we remove the L_C_ display , we could save ourselves 
B:  I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Inform Inform Assess Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to keep the LCD.

B:  Um changing it to plastic and a solid unit with a single curve design would allow us to come back into the um proposed costs 
B:  We really do need it to be that way for the ergonomics of it . 
B:  Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved , 
D:  it can still be single curved , 
C:  Could we could we not get rid of the curvy the curvous the curvaceousness 
B:  so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation . 
descriptions: Inform Inform Inform Suggest Suggest Suggest 
abst_sum - problems: Whether to have a double curved or single curved case.

