B:  <other> Um well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project . 

B:  so we're designing a new remote control and um  

B:  Um , as you can see it's supposed to be original , trendy and user friendly . 

B:  Um and so there are three different stages to the design . 

B:  So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it . 

B:  And repeat that process three times . 

B:  <laugh> So uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it . 

D:  My favourite animal is like  

D:  Uh , right , well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family . 

C:  Well , my favourite animal would be a monkey . 

C:  Then they're small cute and furry , 

A:  and I kind of like whales . 

B:  M my favourite animal is my own dog at home . 

B:  Um he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you , 

B:  Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro , 

B:  And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros , so fifty percent of the selling price . 

D:  but selling price is  is that wholesale or retail ? 

B:  I imagine it probably is our sale actually 

B:  I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all ? 

D:  Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh , like with D_V_D_ players , if there are zones . 

D:  um as well as uh characters , 

A:  'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages , then you need more buttons . 

D:  I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region , whereas in another it'll be different , so  

D:  thinking , 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic , 

B:  Like how much does , you know , a remote control cost . 

D:  thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or  

B:  so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you . Um . 

D:  I just don't think of remote controls as somethin something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits . 

D:  I I mean one one way of looking at it would be , well the people producing television sets , maybe they have to buy remote controls . 

C:  My parents went out and bought um remote controls because um they got fed up of having four or five different remote controls for each things the house . 

B:  So extra functionalities . 

D:  So , like , I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market , 

D:  so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses  

B:  Right , so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control d you know , 

D:  maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots . 

B:  You keep losing them . 

B:  W You get those ones where you can , if you like , whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep . 

D:  Maybe we could think about how , could be more , you know , streamlined . S 

B:  Maybe like a touch screen or something ? 

D:  Or whatever would be technologically reasonable . 

B:  Um so inbetween now and then , um as the industrial designer , you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it 

B:  Um for user interface , technical functions , 

B:  Um and uh marketing executive , 

B:  Yeah , so it's th the functional design stage is next , I guess . 

D:  are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television ? 

A:  I think one factor would be production cost . 

B:  I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it , 

