B:  Right um this is our conceptual design meeting , 

B:  I think we're slightly ahead of ourselves 

B:  This is where we talk about um properties , materials , user-interface and trend-watching . 

B:  the minutes from the last time . 

B:  we have decided on a  leaving out the voice recognition , 

B:  and we were gonna think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost , 

D:  and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching . Um 

D:  Also with our company um being forerunners in uh putting fashion into technology , we also looked at a fashion update um using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan . <other> 

D:  um we found from our um consultants in Paris and Milan who des attended all the design and fashion fairs there , that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes , shoes and furniture . 

D:  There also seems to be um a trend towards a spongy feel to materials , 

C:  Um this is uh all about the design of the actual components 

C:  'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren't  un unfortunately aren't available . 

C:  This is uh the chip called the T_A_ double one eight three five 

C:  Um and then we we're loo looking into battery options . 

C:  I saw the um the standard double A_ and triple A_ 

C:  So you wind up your remote control before you use it . 

C:  like the the solar charging , 

B:  I'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun . 

C:  But I I think I think the the next one's the best anyway . 

C:  I mean the amount the amount of probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would would charge it up , 

A:  it like it runs for long time ? 

C:  well I do I d I'm not entirely sure how long it would last but I've never seen one run out  . 

D:  referring back to solar charging , is that compatible with um standard batteries ? 

C:  Ye yeah I think I th uh g y you could have a dual um power thing 

C:  on a calculator they they're qui they're quite big and they all they all look i identical . 

C:  Yeah the normal batteries would be the cheapest 

A:  W w which one would last the longest , 

B:  'Cause if we're doing the kinetic thing 

D:  Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in 

D:  It's not something that's come up in any of our uh focus groups and market research , 

D:  But it's something to put on the side to think about maybe . 

C:  most current remotes use this silicone uh P_C_B_ board which  pr printed circuit board , 

C:  the thing about is um they they can be as big or as small as you want them to be 

C:  Now what I was thinking about that was  'cause sometimes when y when you have these things , they've got little lights on behind the buttons , so you can see what all the buttons are , 

C:  but you could you could have lights behind the buttons 

C:  Um , the case material , I've a been sent what the factory can actually give us , 

C:  there's the plastic 

C:  well you could go for wood 

C:  Titanium um very expensive just to process , 

C:  so perhaps uh some something made of rubber , 

C:  If you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape , 

A:  yeah and second question is like , a mobile you can change the cover , 

A:  So in this case if you're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green , parrot green to chilli red or something like that . 

D:  I was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over , 

B:  So instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic , the fascia that comes off would be the rubber , 

B:  Well that's been really popular with mobile phones so I don't see why not . 

C:  but I thought that an L_C_D_ type of screen  

C:  the problem with it basically is that it's flat and so you can't do lots of curve  curved things with it , 

D:  I don't see why the curved thing is a problem , 

D:  if we for example had a shell , once we open that  

C:  You could have a flat screen inside , yeah , 

C:  w or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-R_S_I_ . 

B:  I think it would be good to have a contrast between , if the whole thing is gonna be this rubber thing it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy looking inside . 

D:  <other> Is it possible , just as an option , when we open it up , people can use their fingers to press the button , or we have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to <makes clicking sounds with tongue> . 

C:  but I I think they could get a bit easily lost , 

D:  Is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell it's a little compact mirror and when you press a button it then goes onto the phone display  th uh the remote control display thing . 

B:  We're marketing to guys as much as we are to women . 

B:  you were sitting watching T_V_ are you gonna want to sort of open it and say oh shit I should go and have a shower and do my hair before I put the T_  <laugh> 

A:  we are going to have m maybe a G_ G_U_I_ interface in the f in the middle of the flip-top 

A:  we just took the input from the previous meeting , especially from the marketing and industrial design , to check on the customer needs and feasibility . 

A:  the picture here shows one of the standard models offered by competitors here . 

A:  So you generally see rectangular shape , very monotonous kind of designs here . 

A:  basically which is what we d do in computer , have icons or touch pad or whatever , 

A:  so f on the s simpler board , on the top we have this button , rubber buttons , to keep frequently changing the channels . 

B:  Can we swap that round so th that the ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part ? 

A:  So the findings are too many cluttered buttons . 

A:  Okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition , 

A:  So it could be like , where is the remote , and the remote answers I am here . 

A:  so I wouldn't say the design should be like a fruit , 

A:  I think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this cer central pattern , here , 

B:  I'm not sure how long we've got left , 

B:  Do we agree on the battery ? 

A:  The kinetic . 

B:  so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it . 

B:  Um , that means that there's no function for li the port , 

B:  I think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else , 

B:  The L_C_D_'s not cheap . 

A:  Maybe we could start with the black and white . 

D:  did we decide on double A_ or triple A_ batteries ? 

C:  the kinetic ones come come with um a sort of w watch  a battery that goes in a watch . 

B:  The inside components is pretty standardised across the board isn't it ? 

C:  Yeah the  well I think were  we're going for the L_C_D_ on that one , on the buttons , 

C:  On the bottom we were gonna have the rubber , the rubber ones , 

C:  Um , okay on  we've got the flip the flip-screen , the top one is gonna be the L_C_D_ and the bottom one is gonna be the rubberised buttons . 

A:  For the body design I think plastic , 

D:  so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell , a variety of designs , 

D:  we're not gonna try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else , like a shell that we discussed , 

B:  um the fact  the m the material that we would be using would be cheap , 

D:  This would definitely be different enough , 

B:  you could have um a plain black one , you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little  

A:  So we can  if financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle . 

D:  And incorporating the company logo ? 

D:  'Cause I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from y from y your report , it's not just a case of having a little R_R_ hidden somewhere , they do want it to be obvious that it's our product 

B:  I think you just address that with um advertising . 

B:  Obviously it'll have a logo on it just like everything , 

B:  The point is that it's got to stand out somehow differently 

D:  I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper , 

D:  have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then ? 

C:  Yeah , depending on the expense of it . 

B:  Right I'm going to wrap it up there . 

B:  it says , closing we have forty minutes 

