A:  I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute .  

A:  we're going to talk about the conceptual model . 

A:  we just talked about it looks . 

A:  And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . 

A:  I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh presentation 

D:  I received an email  

D:  uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . 

D:  Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . 

D:  Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . 

D:  It uh is twice important as the following . <other> 

A:  But we already have the flashing flashing light 

D:  Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . 

D:  We already discussed that . 

D:  Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy . 

B:  Spongy , like sponge . 

C:  So rubber , kind of . 

B:  Uh soft materials . 

A:  But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , 

D:  But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . 

D:  it's also a stress-ball . 

D:  Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , 

D:  And uh some basic uh colour fronts . 

D:  Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . <other> 

D:  just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . 

D:  We have to discuss about that . 

D:  Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . 

D:  how do we do that ? 

A:  <other> It's very uh difficult to to to do it . 

D:  that's the problem . That's the main problem . 

D:  Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations . 

C:  actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . 

B:  if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well . 

A:  But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . 

B:  We have to decide on that . 

C:  I got an email uh  

C:  They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . 

B:  And speech recognition ? 

C:  Yeah , probably too . 

B:  I had uh to make a sort of a design . 

B:  I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls . 

B:  So I did some searching on the internet . 

B:  This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . 

A:  just modern modern but still uh basic . 

B:  Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 

B:  uh I definitely think we should go like this . 

B:  It's the most important part , I think . 

B:  And the home base is something like that , something simple . 

B:  and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . 

B:  And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . 

B:  and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . 

C:  That's on on the display . 

B:  That th there is no display there . 

A:  <cough> But it sounds very difficult to use . 

B:  here we have also side scrolls . 

A:  for volume . For volume , or a channel . 

B:  then we can even simplify it more . 

C:  The channel buttons are often used . 

C:  m maybe we cho should put that on top , 

A:  Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom . 

B:  You mean uh these to the low ? 

A:  Except from the on-off button . 

C:  But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . 

B:  I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top . 

B:  <other> I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . 

C:  I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . 

B:  my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . 

B:  if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we  I don't think we should put it on top then . 

B:  if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . 

C:  the component design . 

C:  this was on the web site . 

B:  iPod is trendy . 

C:  we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing . 

C:  And um sports and gaming device style characteristics . 

A:  we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the <laugh> remote control . 

A:  the colours also . 

C:  because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public . 

A:  Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front . 

B:  Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So  

C:  Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue 

A:  Still still transparent . 

B:  Yeah . But with all with logo on it . 

A:  Maybe we have to make it from soft material . 

C:  But anyways uh it should be transparent . 

B:  Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . 

A:  Just give five with them , just in a box . <laugh> Five different  

C:  but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . 

C:  Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft . 

A:  It it could be like a Nokia , like  plastic . 

C:  With the hard hard buttons . 

B:  I think uh rubber really has an odd look . 

D:  The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the <other> uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself . 

D:  it don't come out of the <other> on the background . 

C:  it's it's all on one level . 

C:  So that should be hard plastic . 

A:  But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . 

A:  basic remote control from normal plastic , 

C:  The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . 

C:  But I think we have to make the case transparent , 

B:  Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh  

C:  but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . 

C:  And in green colour , the back lights 

A:  Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something . 

C:  Um this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in in a lot of uh things . 

C:  So we d we just need this and <laugh> this transistors and resonators . There's all these kind of things . 

C:  Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in . 

A:  We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? 

B:  Re recharger . Base station . 

C:  uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . 

C:  And uh a chip , that's this one . 

C:  Um for the energy source we can use batteries 

C:  or a kinetic uh  Like with the pulse watch . 

C:  Or we can also use solar cells . 

A:  It's dark in the room . 

A:  It's just batteries , 

C:  and and we can use the home station kind of thing . 

C:  Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . 

C:  Um these kinda materials can be used . 

A:  we just make it plastic . 

A:  The scroll wheels , that's cool . 

C:  And uh the L_C_D_ . 

C:  we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ . 

A:  I don't think that's an opportunity . 

C:  then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip . 

C:  Uh are are we using a a rubber case , 

B:  Uh I don't think a rubber case looks  

D:  The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . 

B:  fruit and veg can be just the covers . 

B:  I can't imagine a soft remote control . 

C:  Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive . 

C:  just hard plastic ? 

A:  Not the sh the square form . 

C:  you can make it curved or mm round . 

A:  more rounded . 

A:  We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . 

A:  So the energy uh is the recharger . 

A:  Just a normal battery . 

A:  the case is just a plastic one . 

C:  Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . 

A:  And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .  

B:  Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . 

A:  That's for the next one . 

A:  But you definitely get a specific instruction . <laugh> 

C:  Like a very big scroll-wheel . <other> 

A:  but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it . 

C:  I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted . 

B:  maybe you just have to make it uh  That's not scrollable too easy . 

C:  Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . 

A:  It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . 

B:  I think uh zapping is the highest priority . 

C:  Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , 

C:  But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . 

C:  So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time . 

D:  we have to care that it r uh looks really new . 

C:  but i i it should be round in in shape . 

B:  If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo . 

B:  You have to look at that image of the iPod . 

D:  Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? 

A:  Yeah , five . Let's give five . 

B:  Maybe you can buy separate ones 

D:  uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . 

A:  y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? 

A:  you could put it like that , 

C:  so top down . 

C:  Do we have to design that w as well ? 

B:  But th Yeah , that can be very simple . Least . 

C:  But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well . 

A:  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . 

C:  As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes . 

C:  but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . 

C:  I dunno . I dunno if it's handy . 

B:   I think it will only look more like the old remote controls . 

A:  we have to make a decision , 

B:  I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . 

A:  And you have the scroll button inside . 

B:  Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player . 

B:  No rubber buttons or something . 

A:  But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? 

B:  Doesn't have to be . 

C:  though that's a trend . If we want to make it . 

A:  I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . 

C:  I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff . 

A:  Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the <other> wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction . 

A:  We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . 

B:  do we s keep that ? 

A:  But you'd definitely need a 

C:  And we we have to build in a microphone 

C:  I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , 

A:  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , 

A:  Probably we need a uh advanced chip then . 

D:  But we don't have any f information about the cost . 

C:  Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip . 

B:  our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . 

B:  Just  You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample . 

B:  it works like uh good morning remote control , 

B:  that's integrated in the chip , 

B:  but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well . 

B:  it it would be would be a good feature feature . 

A:  We have to stop it now . 

