A:  So these are the um last notes we I made . 

A:  F You're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me . 

A:  If anything doesn't look right , just say it to me then . 

B:  Are we doing the the speech recognition ? 

A:  Okay , but it's still possible uh uh financially . 

B:  Okay yeah . Well then then we're gonna put it in . 

C:  Or are we making a slide open , like underneath ? 

A:  Slide open is uh quite usable for remote controls . 

B:  <other> It's may maybe uh a bit stronger as well . 

B:  Yeah , we're gonna use the advanced chip then . 

A:  No , you have a different chip for speech recognition . So  

C:  Yeah , we just made a Word file with the basic elements . 

C:  Simply a square with uh round corners . 

C:  <other> Uh the material should be hard plastic . 

C:  The functions are just basic . 

C:  Mute function , on-off function , text functions . 

C:  And the logo is over here , and the mic . 

A:  So how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone ? 

B:  Um I didn't have a specification of that . But um I can imagine that you have to input your voice or something . 

A:  Only one button to say it's on or off . 

B:  Yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you don't need 'em anymore . 

C:  Well we haven't had time to design that , the slide pad . 

B:  I can imagine you need at least four buttons or something . So  

B:  Um on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find . 

B:  It's <other> basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as I know . 

B:  It's uh twelve buttons . 

B:  F the form well , we've taken that from the iPod , other popular technical device . 

B:  Um we'll use hard plastic . Since that allows us to use uh two D_ buttons , uh non-rubber buttons . 

B:  We have decided uh <other> in the the channel buttons , there's a little uh colour around it . 

C:  Okay , maybe we use this button for the  

D:  Okay , there is one uh function I use uh daily , and it's not on the basic functions . 

A:  Just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left or something . <laugh> 

D:  And h how does the second level come out ? 

B:  Right , the video channel , Play Station , etcetera . That's used pretty often . 

C:  So here are multiple speech buttons , 

B:  Uh menu buttons with arrows . 

D:  Maybe one button to switch the colour of your uh LEDs ? 

D:  Colour buttons . 

B:  Yeah , maybe some uh some text next to the scroll wheel , that it is volume . 

D:  There's one text button I prefer . 

D:  If you if you turn teletext on , you you set the seven hundred , and you turn it off , then the next time you turn it on , it still stays on seven hundred ? 

A:  That's a functionality for the television . <other> 

C:  uh the remote can send like the the code for seven hundred , page seven hundred to the television . Th th th if you switch it on . 

D:  And maybe we can write the numbers below or above ? 

D:  Because um if you use it a couple of years , some uh sometimes the numbers on the on the buttons are slide away , 

D:  Uh the buttons ? Uh from which material are they now ? 

C:  I think uh you have that problem more often with rubber buttons . 

D:  Yeah , I made some criteria uh , so we can uh ev evaluate our model . 

D:  and we have to test the criteria from one to zero . 

D:  And um <laugh> we have to discuss about <laugh> , if we give it a one or a seven . 

B:  If it's really uh , if you can if you can get the iPod look , then it's beautiful , I think . 

D:  The basic colours are black or green or yellow ? 

B:  Maybe um company colours ? 

B:  A bit a bit of yellow . 

B:  Yeah , grey . Just dark grey I think . 

D:  Changeable fronts , so ev for everyone for everyone it's something beautiful . 

A:  Okay , just give it a two . <cough> 

D:  The fancy look-and-feel . 

D:  And we can change the colours , so that's uh really fancy I think . 

D:  It's pretty cool . If you slide it open , <sliding sound> it lights up . 

C:  And th and the the normal backlights also not the buttons , but behind the buttons . 

D:  I think it's one . 

D:  <other> Learnable ? Easy to use ? 

A:  Uh <other> it's it's very easy to use , but uh the second layer is not easy to use . 

C:  And you on don't have to pay attention to that second layer . 

D:  Because because I think I think the scroll wheel , uh it's very handy , but the first time you get this thing in your hands , it's not to use the scroll wheel . 

B:  Then a two . 

D:  New features . Techno technological innovative ? 

B:  And the scrollwheel , backlights , slide . 

D:  <other> The speech function is new . 

D:  and the slide . Uh I think the slide is pretty new . 

B:  But then we also have the the home station . 

C:  Yeah , we didn't draw that too , but  

A:  Okay . And new features , so we give it a two or also again a one ? 

A:  No , just so it's still a two . 

D:  Yeah , but did we reach , um <other> with our uh style , the targeted audience ? 

A:  You get the fancy things for younger people . And you get the the aesthetic things for older people . 

D:  But we didn't follow the latest trends . 

C:  Yeah , you could make a a front 

C:  Like a a f banana kind of front . 

D:  So we give ourself a three or something . 

A:  Yeah , it is one point eight three . 

D:  A perfect score . <laugh> 

A:  Okay , let's have a look at this one here , the production cost of it . 

A:  Yeah , there are some that they didn't mention , because recharge is not on the list . 

A:  So I think we are pretty much in the right direction , because it's twelve point three Euros . <laugh> 

C:  But but is it inc Does it include a a homestation or  

A:  The b the button supplements , I didn't I d I was wondering if this special colour maybe was  

A:  <laugh> But this is expensive , the sample speaker . 

B:  Is that uh included ? In the twelve Euro or 

C:  It's kind of weird that we <other> we get this information now , afterwards . 

A:  So we can do the project evalu evaluation now for uh for everything together . 

A:  Was there room for creativity ? 

B:  Mm uh i Yeah , I think so . 

C:  Yeah m If we got a high mark for um uh innovativeness or innovativity 

B:  I think we uh discussed a lot of things about it . So  

A:  Okay , so the leadership  

C:  <laugh> Just normal discussion , I think . Not 

A:  Uh team work 

A:  the third meeting I think that one was pretty hard . 

B:  Uh I think we <other> we got wrong information at the wrong time . 

A:  But the teamwork was okay . 

D:  Yeah , uh everybody could speak their uh opinion . 

B:  I think uh everyone listen to each other . 

A:  The smart board is okay . 

A:  But if you want to download it to your computer , it's doesn't work . 

B:  Well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with , if it worked really well . 

C:  Yeah , i if if it would be faster , it would be great . 

D:  Yeah , the drawings are are hard to make , I think . 

C:  Just old fashioned kinda blackboard style . 

A:  So we made it in time . 

A:  In the budget , yeah . 

B:  New ideas found . 

A:  I don't know what it mean . 

D:  To gather , or to uh work together , uh or new ideas for  

C:  Yeah , but still , you couldn't make a fancy a f you couldn't make a a prototype out of this . Because we don't have any sizes and  

B:  Yeah , this this is just the idea phase , 

A:  I think just  I just write a final report . 

B:  Guys , I think we have to finish the meeting . 

C:  Fill in the questionnaire . 

