A:  I'd uh like to welcome you to our first meeting . 

A:  Um I'm the Project Manager of this project , 

A:  This is uh the agenda for our first meeting . 

A:  I will hope we will get acquainted to each other . 

A:  Um as you probably have noticed there are little black uh fields on the table . 

A:  and there are microphones here also . 

A:  and uh I'd like to hear uh who you are and what your functions are uh on this project . 

B:  and my uh function is User Interface Design , I think . 

C:  uh I'm the Industrial Designer 

D:  I'm uh <other> Marketing Expert . 

A:  I said uh we're working on a project 

A:  It consists of three phases , namely the functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . 

A:  But first I will uh tell you something about the tools we have here . 

A:  They are smart boards . 

A:  Um as you also noticed uh this presentation document is in our uh project folder 

A:  As you can see , this is the same tool bar uh as is located here . 

A:  Um and this is the pen with which you can draw on the board , for instance 

A:  Um and then you can write things like test or whatever you want . 

A:  it's not such a fast board , 

A:  and of course you can also , when you click here , uh erase things , 

A:  And um you can also delete an entire page , 

A:  because we want to save all the results . 

A:  And you can also um let's see I think it's here uh change the uh colour of your pen , 

A:  Um that's what you will need for our first exercise , 

A:  to do it on a blank sheet , 

A:  and also with different pen widths 

A:  Um and a favourite characteristic can be just uh one word . 

A:  Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing , eh . <laugh> 

A:  it could be a turtle , or a snail , 

B:  It's a giraffe . 

D:  <other> it can reach everything . 

A:  Could you write the words , uh underneath it ? 

C:  I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence . 

B:  You can try out the eraser now . <laugh> 

A:  Um from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros . 

A:  it's time uh for some discussion . 

A:  What's your experience with remote control ? 

B:  I always lose them . 

C:  A lot of buttons which you don't use 

C:  Not user friendly . 

D:  Black , all black . 

A:  maybe we should try to make it fun . 

D:  You had different remote controls for different devices . 

B:  perhaps you can integrate them or something . 

D:  but then again you you still have a lot of buttons , 

C:  there's a possibility to g uh to uh to put those buttons uh behind some uh kind of uh protection 

C:  but um <other> the usual buttons such as uh um <other> zapping uh as you call it in Dutch . Uh and the volume control uh are only the only possible buttons uh to use directly . 

A:  maybe a a minimalist design , the least uh possible amount uh of buttons . 

B:  But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it . 

A:  you don't want to bother people with uh loads of buttons , 

D:  Because I think a market will be all kind of people . Elderly p el elderly , young people , so . 

D:  I think the aim is better to use uh the whole world and Britain , yeah . 

C:  I think uh when p uh when uh the customers will buy this remote control , they already have uh the remote control which uh companies uh uh with uh the the standards uh remote control with which comes uh with the television . 

C:  but it is impossible to uh to accommodate uh accommodate uh all the buttons on the s on the difference  different televisions sets on one remote control . It's impossible . 

C:  Because you can't use a Panasonic uh remote control on a on a Philips television . 

D:  always with r universal remotes you have to choose the code . 

A:  Um our next meeting uh will start  well we're a little bit early , but our next meeting will start in in thirty minutes . 

B:  meeting will close in five minutes . <laugh> 

A:  Um the Marketing Expert will uh will take a look at the user requirement specification . 

C:  the Industrial Designer will take a look at the working design , 

A:  Um and of course specific instructions uh will be sent to you uh through your personal coach . 

A:  I think then we have to head uh back to our offices and uh start working . 

A:  I expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive uh shortly . 

A:  see you all in about thirty minutes , then . 

D:  Where does it says we have to make a remote , 

