C:  Hey what's wrong with my computer ? 

B:  I think you have to uh change your desktop uh 

C:  Yeah my computer is not functioning properly . 

A:  <laugh> Did you plug in the power cable when you come back ? 

C:  I spent a lot of time thinking about what I was gonna do and then a couple of minutes before this I get my function you know the information that I need . 

C:  This presentation is mainly based on my own ideas 'cause I hadn't time to intergrate tha the information yet so  

D:  I'm gonna talk about functional requirements . 

D:  Well uh some research has be done uh has been done . 

D:  They disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls . 

D:  they are often lost somewhere in the room . 

D:  Um <other> they do not match the the operating behaviour of the users . 

D:  Uh most irrelevant and less used were audio settings , mono , stereo , uh pitch , bass . 

D:  Uh most relevant , uh most used functions , 

D:  Uh power button , uh channel , volume selection . 

C:  By the way where did you guys get that newsflash from ? 

A:  I receiv the mail but you don't . So  

D:  No so it's a text file n in the project folder . 

D:  Um there was some research on new features in a remote control . 

A:  And the new product should reach new markets , which is the customers below forty . 

D:  I mean uh above forty people are not so interested uh not so interested in a screen or speech recognition . 

D:  Um well we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible . 

D:  And I think  and certainly for for the for the lower age groups , uh nice design , which uh does not make the remote control  in your room . 

A:  But it also needs to have corporate identity . 

D:  so the the logo has to be 

A:  <laugh> You pressed alt F_ four ? <laugh> 

B:  No no no . I pressed the mouse button . 

B:  I uh had uh two examples . 

B:  Okay so so we have the option for more functions . 

C:  And we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech  

B:  Yeah but I prefer we we uh use the the basic options uh yeah . 

D:  Yeah but uh the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device , only your television . 

B:  Um yeah only use a extra function if they are really needed . 

A:  so maybe you can hide them or something . 

D:  So it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen , uh with a clear menu . 

A:  So what does the screen do ? 

B:  For for the advanced functions I think . 

D:  Well I , my guess is it's it's pretty handy for advanced uh advanced functions . 

B:  So we have to make uh a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable 

C:  Well my presentation is a bit uh sucky . <laugh> 

C:  Um yeah well I was working on this before I got my information . 

C:  But um yeah then uh the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow , so I was trying to organise them for myself . 

C:  I mean everything speaks for itself I guess . 

C:  and the T_V_ will translate it into a function . 

B:  Okay shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want uh  

A:  for those that didn't see yet um the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext , only for T_V_ . 

A:  And uh the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control . 

D:  the marketing research started on s on the age of sixteen . 

D:  Uh sixteen to forty . 

C:  Yeah so what we might wanna do is uh yeah cust I have customised the screen functions , if you know what I mean . 

B:  The the simple functions for for the the whole public , and the the advanced options for the younger people yeah who are more yeah experienced with uh  

D:  Uh you can make a  if you make a drawing . 

A:  Basic . 

D:  so it should fit right in into your hand . 

D:  Okay so y yeah you have you have it in your hand , and the screen is below , and the buttons are in the middle . 

C:  I thought  but this is really your department , that we need just the functional display and four cursors . 

D:  most of the time you have one button in the middle . It says menu , 

D:  and then uh on on each on each screen there's there should be an option to go back to a to a upper level . 

D:  But it should be  if the screen is here then the logo should be like on on top , 

A:  And for the speech uh recognition part , if we want to incorporate that , we need a microphone . 

D:  Yeah I mean a screen on top looks more lo logical to me . 

D:  So we put this on top , and then make the corporate logo 

D:  I mean this is basically numbers , volume , uh channel up and down . 

C:  Yeah so we we needed to integrate the sound and uh and image options right ? 

A:  So channel programming ? 

C:  Under the a yeah advanced option menu you can put those things . 

A:  you have basically a button menu , which you can use directly , uh according to the old principle . 

D:  Yeah a audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass , treble . Screen settings , brightness and colour . 

A:  S swap channels ? 

A:  Swap's good option . 

A:  The User Interface Designer can design a menu for all these function 

A:  and I think you can concentrate more on the button placement and the placement of the uh screen itself on the  

C:  Uh all the functional uh aspects of the remote I think are in my department . 

A:  Okay . So he's layout and you're function . 

B:  Isn't that more the the u uh the user interface part ? 

C:  I think that's a that's a good separation . 

C:  Yeah we have to kind of work together . 

A:  Menu button access the menu in the L_C_D_ screen . 

D:  And then with these buttons , woa , y you navigate . 

C:  Hey is it interesting for users if we put LED lights under the buttons ? So that if you uh press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up . 

D:  That's very good idea . 

C:  The pr the problem with the okay button in the middle is , 

C:  sorry , uh is uh if you're pressing up and down , you can easily press the okay once you , when you're not already at your choice . 

B:  So maybe make one uh one okay button and and one navigation button . 

A:  yh we have lunch break , 

B:  But do we have to write uh to write down uh the our stuff now ? Or first lunchbreak ? 

A:  No I th believe there's first lunch break . 

A:  I think you can put uh the laptop back in the room and  

D:  Yeah okay . So on the on the top is better . 

A:  Depends on the sensitivity of the microphone , but I think that's okay . 

