B:  um we decided to use a kinetic charger , 

B:  We wanted a stand-by function . 

B:  Prototype presentation . 

B:  Um <other> and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_ . 

A:  Me and William worked on a prototype , 

A:  I can hold it like  

C:  and I'll I'll show you the presentation . 

C:  And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've uh come up with over there . Um 

C:  Um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , 

C:  Um <cough> it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design <other> 

A:  The black and white touch screen 

C:  and the buttons at the bottom would d 

C:  so so it'll fully close flat . 

C:  we've um already said  d decided on the kinetic batteries , 

B:  So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections , 

C:  Um we decided that um the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in <other> 

C:  Um the standard , there's  be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about . 

C:  obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers , 

C:  So when you've actually got it open , it would be facing the T_V_ . 

B:  But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product 

C:  And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics , 

B:  Um I've now got evaluation criteria . 

D:  This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research . 

D:  the collection of the criteria , as we saw in our previous meeting , was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company . 

D:  are we actually meeting those trends and requirements ? 

D:  So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting , 

D:  The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , it should be easy to use , it should incorporate current fashion trends , 

D:  We're going to use a seven point scale , 

D:  and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here . 

A:  Is it everybody is going to evaluate , or just the Market  

D:  w we'll discuss each one 

D:  I won't write all of that out again . 

D:  Actually , it might be an idea , if we each did give our own individual rating , 

D:  So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques , 

D:  Criteria A_ , the fancy look and feel . 

D:  My own rating for that would be a two . 

D:  Two and three quarters ? 

D:  criteria B_ , criterion B_ , technologically innovative . 

C:  I'd give it a one . 

B:  It's just two point five for that one . 

D:  ease of use . 

D:  Based on what you've said there , I would say a one , true . 

B:  I would say a two . I would say a two . 

D:  it incorporates current fashion trends , 

D:  I'm just thinking , before I give it my rating , you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here . 

C:  the the base colour was um <other> white or or like or l sort of a light blue , 

D:  So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do . 

C:  'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it , 

D:  In that case it's got to be a one for me . 

C:  Yeah , I'll give it a one as well . 

D:  to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury . 

D:  I don't think we've really touched on that a lot . 

D:  we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that . 

D:  but the very use of a remote control , if you're someone who's zapping , who's sitting like that , and we found so many people did , how do you minimise that on such a small device ? 

B:  the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half , the material , minimises R_S_I_ 

B:  but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much . 

D:  I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that 

C:  I'd uh I'd f I'd go for a five , actually , 

D:  And finally , last but not least , easy to locate . 

C:  Yeah , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , 

D:  have the designers come to any dec real decision on that ? 

D:  And are we happy with the costs on that ? That is going to be feasible , cost-wise . 

C:  Yeah , yeah , that  yeah , that's feasible . 

B:  And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in , then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room , you'd go into another room . 

C:  it would be quite loud . 

D:  That's a one for me . 

C:  <other> I do realise that we might be being fairly biased , 

D:  We've got our our  we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there . That is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate . 

B:  I don't think so . 

D:  We happy to go ahead ? 

B:  I think we  yeah . I think we're set . 

D:  I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , 

D:  I'll just leave it there . 

B:  I've got finance here now . 

B:  We just type numbers into this 

C:  Yeah . 

B:  See , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . 

C:  It was a regular chip on print 

C:  you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells , 

C:  one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker . 

B:  One double curve . 

C:  'cause it's two . 

B:  what's a single curve then ? 

D:  It would just be a flat bottom with one curve .  like a domed thing . 

B:  <other> Um we've got plastic and rubber , 

A:  I think rubber , since it's being used just as a casing , 

B:  See , it says case material . 

B:  we're not actually using plastic in the case , 

D:  There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing . 

B:  Or sh we should just put it in as one , 

B:  special colour , do we need that ? 

D:  Might do , if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours . 

C:  the push-button's one 

C:  and L_C_ display one . 

A:  <other> I think we could change the battery also . 

D:  and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that . 

D:  and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing , 

B:  so the highest we've got is the electronics here . Um <other> and the interface . 

D:  If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries , would that make a huge difference ? 

C:  it <other> um it would make one difference . 

A:  What I feel is , customers never said anything about the battery  . 

C:  but if you take away the voice recognition , then you've got it . 

C:  If you took away that , that'll make it twelve point three five . 

B:  If we change it to the battery it's  that's minus three . 

B:  We could do the voice recognition for , you know , business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . 

C:  I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now , 

D:  We can put in our recommendations . 

D:  Um as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers 

D:  So if we take voice recognition out  

C:  That'll do it . Twelve point three five . 

A:  we are close to the budget . 

A:  So we are under the budget . 

B:  Product evaluation . 

B:  Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't  didn't feel able to make . Um 

D:  Although we had our separate tasks , 

A:  I think we had a nice time . 

D:  there was so much interaction , 

D:  in that in relevant areas we've been able to , you know , give and take 

A:  Yeah , I think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody . 

A:  We came to a very predic creative design , yeah . 

A:  And Sarah , you coordinated the work very well . 

C:  I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually  if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , I think maybe it would've come out a d little different , 

C:  although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there , 

B:  I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down , 

B:  you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model . 

B:  Um <other> means , whiteboard , digital pens , etcetera , what does that mean ? Any ideas ? 

D:  How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information ? 

C:  I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more , had we actually had had more time and if we'd been separated more . 

B:  I think it's new ideas in general , 

D:  It's really borrowing from other areas , it's , you know , bringing things from other areas in , 

A:  Surprising to me is like uh people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones , like a real want to see a new launch or something like that . 

A:  but nobody giving uh much idea to this . 

D:  I think it's really good that this has been very market research based , 

D:  and I think it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based . 

B:  Um <other> our costs are below budget 

B:  Do you think that's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing ? And the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ? 

D:  I think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone . 

D:  I think we've done very well to get within budget 

B:  Um and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire . 

A:  There's a final questionnaire . 

B:  we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with <other> <laugh> everything that I fell behind with , 

B:  <other> I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy . 

