A:  Uh before I start with the with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the the setting we're in , 

A:  uh  These are cameras , 

A:  This thing uh that looks like a pie , 

A:  you must be careful with uh with uh all this . 

A:  Welcome at the kick-off meeting . 

A:  uh and uh I think it's very uh good to introduce uh yourself . 

A:  <other> Uh this is the agenda for today . 

A:  Uh that will be done uh with a tool training from the he these two uh smart boards . 

A:  Uh then uh a little bit of acquaintance , acquaintance to uh to to ourselves . 

A:  Then the project plan . 

A:  Uh and discussion about that and a little closing at the end . 

A:  I'm the Project Manager . 

B:  I'm Juergen Toffs . 

C:  I'm the Industrial Designer . 

D:  I'm uh Tim  . 

C:  my name's uh  . 

A:  First a little about the project aim . 

A:  Uh there must be a new remote control . 

A:  But at the same time uh user-friendly . 

A:  Uh there are three stages . 

A:  Then the conceptual design . 

A:  Uh because at the detailed design , how , part two , uh we go uh to dig in uh really about how the the te the technical of  If it's uh it's possible technical-wise . 

A:  the tool training . 

A:  <other> This is called a smart board 

A:  Um and as you uh may have heard , the documents in the shared folder uh can be uh showed on this screen . Not in y the the My Documents . 

A:  I don't uh gonna explain it all , 

A:  We we may not delete anything . 

A:  <laugh> At uh the white board on the left . Every uh every one of us uh must draw our favourite animal , 

A:  Uh important is that we use different colours , <other> and uh different pen widths . Widths . Widths . 

A:  Would you start with drawing your uh favourite animal ? 

D:  I don't know really how it works . 

A:  Drawing goes with uh this thing . 

A:  And uh wait uh wait a few seconds . 

A:  you can guess what it is . 

A:  it's a cat . <laugh> 

B:  You have to draw uh push hard on the pen 

B:  it is a turtle . 

A:  Uh Tim , what kinda line width did you have ? 

D:  Uh the big lines were like nine . 

A:  It's a dog . 

A:  So I think you can see it's real uh really a easy programme to use . Not difficult at all . 

A:  Is it a rabbit ? 

A:  now we're gonna dig into the to the serious stuff . 

A:  from my point of view , I don't think it's uh gonna be very uh very high tech , high definition , uh ultra modern uh kinda remote , for twelve uh fift uh twelve and a half Euro . 

A:  Uh I think uh w when the selling price is twenty five , uh uh you got two million , two million remotes . 

A:  now it's time uh for us to uh going uh to discuss a little uh things . 

A:  what what's the most uh important thing at a remote control ? 

B:  I think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels . 

A:  So not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio 

D:  I have some uh points from marketing point of view . 

D:  Um I personally think it has to be multi-purpose . 

D:  And uh by making it multi-purpose , it uh has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market , 

D:  Um maybe some other technology than infrared . 

D:  Um <other> think about um sending it over radio waves or bluetooth . 

D:  And something like an L_C_D_ screen . 

B:  For what purpose ? 

D:  It's nice as an added feature feature , 

A:  it must be really uh innovative , technical-wise ? 

D:  our company is very uh good in making new innovative uh things . 

A:  So we must focus on things who are really uh really add something to uh to  

D:  To the current market . 

A:  Uh at the beginning of such a project , it's it's it's very uh cool to talk about , well , this would be cool , that would be cool . 

A:  you uh will have uh individual actions 

A:  Um <other> the the the Industrial uh Designer has to uh look at the working design . 

B:  we must first agree on uh what we're going to m going to make . 

B:  Are we going to use um it it for multiple systems ? 

B:  We should have some agreement on that before we  

D:  I I don't think we have to be , we have to agree on that . Uh  

C:  I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually . 

D:  We can plan further , I think . 

A:  we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh  

B:  Consensus on the , what we're gonna do . 

A:  Uh a little plan on on what we're going to do . 

B:  if the technical functions have to be designed , I I've gotta know for what kind of machines they will be . 

D:  we all have a list of uh things that has to b that have to be in it , or how it has to be like . 

C:  we can take it from there . 

A:  each individually i individually uh must think on what's uh at uh his point of view is the most important . 

A:  You uh will receive specific specific instructions uh by your personal coach . 

