A:  welcome back . <other> At the functional design meeting um 

A:  and will put uh the minutes that I have uh at the end of the session in the shared folder . 

A:  <other> uh I had an email from the from the management board 

A:  but there were four points 

A:  First one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated 

A:  uh which uh I think are very important . 

A:  <other> Uh second one is also important 

A:  Uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television , 

A:  Uh second , and I think that's important for the Marketing uh Expert , 

A:  I think to keep in mind , but not really uh for now 

A:  so I think uh not more than ten minutes uh uh per presentation uh each , 

D:  I have some uh new findings on uh Marketing Expert level , 

D:  <other> The method I used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire . 

D:  two audiences , <laugh> 

D:  Uh the first one , this scale , from sixteen to forty five  age . 

D:  uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff , like uh an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control , um speech recognition . 

D:  According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation , um <other> following buttons are most important . 

D:  Switching channels , um yeah , 

D:  Um the second , teletext , 

A:  But it's strange that the the manage board  the management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet . 

D:  but uh at the moment uh teletext is  Yeah , th the best thing you can get uh on T_V_ , like getting information . 

D:  <other> they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control . 

D:  my personal preferences . Um , 

D:  Mm , first of all um it's the biggest share , the biggest audience , sixty five percent . 

D:  we have to impro improve the most used functions , as I said here , switching channels , teletext and volume controls . 

D:  uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller , 

A:  that's a cool idea . 

C:  When you mentioned uh improving functions , what uh what do you mean by that 

D:  but uh it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used uh on a remote control . 

C:  so focusing more on the used buttons . 

D:  but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or  

C:  Could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions , 

D:  Yeah , perhaps . 

C:  I'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project . 

C:  what I did was I dissected uh uh current remote controls 

C:  uh what kind of components are involved , 

C:  And uh after that I put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised 

C:  what I did was uh I I checked uh remote controls 

C:  And the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a T_V_ or uh a stereo or something , 

C:  So that's probably why most controls are still infrared . 

C:  uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uh  a cheap uh remote . 

C:  because uh  well my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh Bluetooth  or or radio waves , 

D:  What do you think about uh incorporating Bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the T_V_ , connected to the T_V_ ? 

C:  I actually  I figured that would be that would be rather nice , 

C:  but uh what I did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder , is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote . 

C:  maybe uh maybe something to look into , 

C:  Uh I'll I'll just explain a bit of the components . 

C:  The energy source would be a battery , simple uh battery 

C:  I figured that would be best , 

C:  Uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button , 

C:  when a button is prush pushed in , uh a electric current goes through here , 

C:  the signal goes via chip 

C:  my personal preferences here , 

C:  we have to keep it simple . Not too many uh gadgets and functions , 

C:  Uh I I think we should stick by  with infrared transmitting and uh no receiving . 

C:  I think we shouldn't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that , 

D:  I think current T_V_s can even send infrared . 

C:  but should we spend money or  and time on building a receiver into the uh remote control ? 

C:  So I I  my personal opinion is no no no receiver at all . 

C:  we should uh look into the design and the functionability . 

C:  just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something , the usual uh  stuff . 

C:  we shouldn't make a big uh remote control for simple functions , 

B:  I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions . 

B:  And another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult , 

B:  And uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen , 

B:  So just keep it simple , 

B:  I prefer to use it only for T_V_ 

B:  and and if possible , uh the buttons should give <other> a dr direct action , not first select  

A:  you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one , 

B:  and so that's where the difficulties lie . 

B:  Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original , or uh multi-purpose as we thought , 

D:  it's maybe an option uh if you use an L_C_D_ <other> or a touch screen um , 

D:  just uh in the middle the general functions , like play , uh channel switching , 

B:  Do we want to use uh a menu display on the T_V_ ? 

B:  if you use many options in one buttle  button , um display the menu on the T_V_ 

D:  and when you have a particular menu uh at your device , uh it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_ . 

C:  you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not  

C:  but then with something like a touch screen could  could make more menu up  pop up or something . 

B:  <other> especially the important buttons , um if you want to switch channel , change your volume , uh use teletext , it uh it has to work at once 

B:  maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible 

B:  If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low . 

D:  I think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good . 

D:  because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something . 

B:  Uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands 

D:  then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen ? 

C:  The extra functions . 

B:  you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions , and you just choose one , 

C:  <other> Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen , uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet 

C:  and uh we have three of those , uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus , with  or sub-items , sub-functions . 

B:  then I'd like to make a proposal . 

B:  keep the buttons always available 

A:  So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen . 

B:  that they always um make the same buttons accessible , 

B:  an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions , you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions . 

D:  I had another uh idea about maybe parental control . Um , 

D:  uh  if children don't don't know the PIN code , they can't switch to uh violent uh channels or  

B:  Is that possible to use or no ? 

C:  that actually depends on the television , 

C:  thing is when you buy a remote , you you set the uh channels , 

D:  th th those things are nice . <laugh> 

A:  but I think that's we wel <other> later in the stage . 

A:  uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , 

D:  but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers 

B:  You can display actual buttons on the touch screens . 

C:  but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience . 

D:  And th those young people , yeah . Y you saw it in my marketing report , they like the new fancy stuff , 

D:  A touch screen , like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . 

A:  Um each time I uh I had a sort of uh summary on what you told and uh what you personal think . 

A:  as you can see uh the minutes from the second meeting , this one , are uh <laugh> are done . 

A:  Uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is I think uh how uh it's going to look 

A:  we must keep it simple , 

A:  the functions , know , like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by the  done by the remote control and not by the television . 

B:  then there's always , there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume 

B:  there are universal d um um remotes 

A:  And it's not too complex to do it . 

C:  they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_ 

D:  Uh , with the current remote controls , the universal ones , um you have to press  yeah , you have to press a code for T_V_ . 

B:  In codes , y you you get a b a book with codes . 

B:  if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes , there are maybe um three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum . If you have all of them , all the old and new T_V_s summed up , 

D:  maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh U_S_B_ or a firewire connection , 

D:  But , on the other hand on the other hand , uh if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote  

B:  Well then you have to buy a new one , 

B:  or an update , software update . 

C:  Or you could  well you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier , 

C:  then then it's be uh back to the building a receiving uh  well uh if it's actually worth it to build it in , 

C:  it it would be uh bringing more costs  uh with with it 

B:  Um m for which one are we going ?  

C:  my vote goes out to the right  . 

B:  I was uh doubting about which one to take , 

D:  And also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open . 

A:  Uh after the lunch break uh it's back to uh individual work , once again uh thirty minutes . 

A:  Uh <laugh> uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will  all will receive uh at the uh the the email . 

A:  Uh I will put my minutes  

A:  so uh s they're updated in the shared folder too . 

A:  You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work . 

A:  So we have now a lunch break , finally , 

