B:  I have a little problems with my laptop . 

B:  Um , it didn't work anymore . <laugh> 

A:  Welcome to the conceptual design meeting 

A:  Uh uh , also this time there will be uh three presentations . 

A:  I will take notes 

C:  I'll be talking about the components . 

C:  <other> senior citizens uh  <laugh> 

C:  They , well , they like more the  they like the traditional materials , like wood and and such more . 

C:  And uh uh they like uh straightforward shapes . 

C:  where whereas the young and dynamic , they like a more uh soft materials . 

C:  Uh uh , soft and fluffy and colourful and  

C:  But uh the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic . 

C:  Or you can go for both ? 

C:  But uh the thing is about solar panel is you have to have l uh light . 

C:  Uh , and you you could you could use normal light , but uh you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something . 

C:  I I prefer kinetic because it's uh  well , the costs aren't that much higher , and um , ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery . 

C:  But , what l what Jarek said , you could you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves . 

C:  Or but but you could go in a in an double curves . And that's  like several different dimensions . 

C:  Yeah , that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look , I f I figured . 

C:  Yeah you could  y It leaves more space for creativity . 

C:  I I ch prefer rubber because it feels uh  Yeah . 

C:  Well , we discussed it in a previous meeting , so I figured I'll just leave it at the L_C_D_ . 

C:  Uh ,  you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic . 

A:  I I uh I would prefer uh both uh too . 

D:  but if you have a square uh L_C_D_ screen , and you put a case around it that has uh like bulbs or that that covers part of the L_C_D_ screen . 

D:  That's  it's custom customisable and  

C:  uh so what are the opinions ? Uh rubber or plastic ? 

D:  I went to uh Paris and Milan for some trend-watching . 

D:  In Paris and Milan , we uh asked different people , uh differing in age and in income , uh the amount of money to spend , um <other> what they like in design uh and material nowadays . 

D:  Our main audience , uh so that's people below forty , uh prefer the following . 

D:  Um , fresh colours , uh green , red , uh strawberry red , uh yellow , banana yellow . 

D:  Yeah . They like spongy material , 

D:  Okay , our secondary audience , uh people above forty a forty years in age , they like the dark traditional colours . 

D:  <other> Yeah , uh materials like wood that  

D:  They have to look fancy . 

D:  Uh , and easy to use . 

D:  We have to aim at a mu at the  main audience . And uh , therefore use fresh colours . 

D:  Here , think about removable covers , as seen in mobile telephon telephone market . To customise your own remote control . 

D:  Uh , in my second sheet of personal preferences , uh we have to reconsider the speech function <laugh> uh recognition . 

D:  You you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies , like speak  uh speech recognition and stuff . 

D:  Uh , building games like Snake or Tetris <laugh> to amuse the younger users . 

D:  And third , I stick with it , <laugh> the log-in functionality uh with the slogan , take parental control to a new dimension . <laugh> 

B:  But , the main concept is um take one big touch screen . 

B:  And uh make the menu structure changeable . 

B:  <other> One thing you've gotta keep in mind , keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time . 

B:  And um , things like teletext , put them in the menu . 

B:  But um , well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure . 

A:  I think we can discuss a little about the the three uh kind of revolutionary things uh Tim uh came with . 

A:  I think that parental control is a good function to uh to put in the remote . 

D:  How I see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a Windows log-on screen with parents , children . 

B:  You don't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings . 

B:  You c may use  like when there's uh X_P_ , uh a simple log-on , d you just push uh one or two or three . 

C:  I don't know if it's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it . 

A:  Well I think that's a b there's a big market for it , 

B:  Just make through a remote as it is , but make an option to insert profiles , 

C:  I i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control , uh let's say we do , and and well whatever , cho uh child just goes up to the T_V_ and presses up <other> for instance . 

C:  What m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control . 

A:  Okay . And what do you uh guys think of the games in the voice recognition ? 

B:  But I don't think when you're watching T_V_ uh , hearing loud noises from the T_V_ , someone screaming <sound imitating scream> one , and you f the channel switches , uh <laugh> Yeah . 

D:  Yeah , like f voice recognition is too much , I think . But  

A:  Okay . So the games uh are in it . 

B:  Well , I think also it's a good idea , buts very difficult to incorporate . 

A:  The buttons will be uh touch-screen . Uh but there may not be too many buttons . 

A:  The case will be double-curved and uh rubber , in a fr flashy fruity colour uh that  with cover is removable . 

A:  <laugh> Okay . So uh I think we have decided on the things that  Uh from Janus , the energy , the combination between battery and kinetic . 

A:  Like the first idea uh from uh  You can buy it without and uh with parental contr control ? Or are we going to put it in and uh just uh  

C:  I I figure if you had two different remotes , you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it . 

B:  Well , maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs , where the parent says , you cannot watch channel seven , nine , and ten , and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock . 

C:  But you still have the problem about uh the television itself . 

C:  You could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem . 

A:  The parental control will be incorporated , but it must be not too complex . 

D:  Maybe it's uh handy to build in an expert view and a simple view . 

B:  What I was thinking about is just a menu structure , when you don't use it is simple . 

A:  We take it to the other meeting , 

A:  I went to uh a master class and uh uh two things uh are uh are uh  can come in handy uh for us . 

A:  What other companies uh had to uh also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote , just some uh  Yeah . <laugh> Import export . 

A:  <laugh> I had a I had another idea to put uh uh the whole the whole idea of uh Real Reaction and uh uh uh a single brand and uh uh that kind of thing . 

A:  And uh with the with the with the motto , we put fashion in electronics . 

C:  Well , if you if you have the l L_C_D_ screen , you can  you can uh have a small logo i uh at the bottom . 

D:  That spins around like all the time . 

D:  It it's just like a uh globe in Internet Explorer . 

A:  N <laugh> Uh , next meeting starts in thirty minutes . 

A:  the the industrial uh development uh centre <laugh> and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype . 

A:  And um , the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation . 

A:  But I think it was a very uh very good uh session , uh gentlemen . 

A:  But keep an eye on your uh laptops for a real uh 

