A:  Okay , welcome to the detailed design meeting . 

A:  Oh , we're gonna have a prototype presentation first . 

C:  'Kay , we've made a prototype . 

C:  especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . 

C:  The logo is uh is uh <laugh> is pretty uh <laugh> obvious to see on the on the remote control , 

B:  I think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . 

B:  Uh the volume uh uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . 

B:  Uh then the the the nine uh channels . 

B:  Uh , power button . 

A:  did we want to have a m mute button ? 

D:  Alright , and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button . 

D:  Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually . 

A:  Uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh <other> do uh like 

D:  All n no , that's um <other> kinda dependent on the television . 

A:  but do we have  do we need extra buttons , 

D:  I think you should add  <other> 

A:  Yeah , but you don't you don't actually need them , 

D:  No , that's dependent on the television . 

A:  I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twenty  uh a number in the twenty or in the ten . 

D:  Yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um  <other> they come with the television . 

A:  when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one , 

C:  some televisions don't accept uh that that  

A:  When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . 

A:  and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one . 

D:  it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space . 

A:  Yeah , but it's exact the same  that w would appear when you put a separate button  push a separate button . 

C:  Yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons . 

A:  Yeah , but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point . 

A:  that special but button  you're talking about , eh ? 

D:  No , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c 

A:  That's the same thing as the button with the one and it  

D:  It's simply not true . It's simply not true . 

A:  I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works . 

B:  We'll discuss them in the usability lab . 

A:  we'll apply them then for now . 

B:  I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary . 

A:  Yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . 

A:  but I still think i it it  all T_V_s in some ways support it , 

A:  I think it's more c is m maybe we don't  uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works , 

C:  No , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals . 

B:  I think it's pretty basic , 

B:  there's one there's one button , 

C:  But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , 

D:  I think that's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices . 

C:  Yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh  

D:  The technology and the voltage can be the same . That's uh that's true . 

C:  When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it . 

D:  Shouldn't it fall then ? It  isn't going to fall down ? 

C:  No , when you make it large enough no it it will not . 

C:  But it's just an idea . 

B:  It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , I think , in the in the docking station . 

D:  Uh , you could make like a hole in it , you know , of uh  in in the  

A:  Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later , 

C:  the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , 

C:  Yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , 

A:  because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , 

A:  Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons . 

D:  Uh , in the same colour as the side . 

A:  But uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours , 

D:  Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points . 

D:  we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , 

D:  <laugh> The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ? 

A:  Yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . 

C:  I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your own  

D:  No , not not fronts , but different designs . 

B:  Okay , three . 

D:  The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy . 

A:  Yeah well , let that  let's make that a one . <laugh> 

A:  It's something we really put work into . 

D:  The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible . 

A:  Yeah , but we d we didn't  we're we're not planning to use fronts , I believe . 

D:  I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . 

D:  The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . 

A:  Well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . 

C:  Also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , 

D:  The remote control has got a really trendy look . 

A:  Yeah , uh a t I think a two . 

C:  we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever . 

A:  But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful . 

D:  You agree on the two ? 

D:  Remote control has got innovative technology implanted . 

C:  No , not L_C_D_ , so . 

A:  you mean the rubber stuff ? 

C:  But that that's not innovative . 

A:  Or seven maybe , <laugh> yeah . 

C:  With the lights it  it's it's kind of future  

C:  Yes . <laugh> The docking station is a is a little bit innovative . 

A:  Well , let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . 

D:  No uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so I think we  

C:   how would you innovate a remote control more ? 

A:  Yeah , more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and  

D:  But I d I definitely don't think it's a five , 

A:  think about it la later on 

D:  Remote control is easy to use . 

B:  Yeah , a two . 

D:  It will be bought by people under the age of forty . 

A:  Yeah . Definitely . 

A:  Yeah , a two . 

D:  The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan . 

A:  Yeah , you can put that on the side if <laugh> if we would like to . 

D:  Remote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users . 

A:  Yeah , make it a two . 

A:  which is uh quite a great score . 

D:  It's a two point six . 

C:  Is there something after this uh meeting ? Or  

D:  Well , I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire . 

A:  I received uh a spreadsheet . 

A:  I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together , 

A:  First of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . 

A:  We include one battery . 

A:  we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . 

A:  we should know how many simple chips , regular chips  

C:  The simple chip is e enough I I think , 

D:  I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use , really . 

C:  The the email I got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like I think the advanced chip  maybe . 

A:  Maybe you can uh look it up right now . 

D:  well , point out the advanced chip for now , I guess . 

A:  Yeah , but it will it will it will be  cause a lot of problems . 

A:  Okay , we went for the double-curved case 

C:  Otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour . 

A:  Yeah , I think we uh we have special colours . 

A:  Well that's bit of a problem , 

C:  it's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . 

C:  Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons . 

A:  And plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it's will be uh eighteen . 

C:  Why is that so uh expensive . 

A:  Yeah , I don't understand . 

A:  Well , okay , well well let's make it just one . 

D:  I I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . Really . 

C:  I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , 

D:  Yeah , but I d I wouldn't want to own that . Really . 

C:  Uh , it's it's still for little children . 

A:  But then still , <laugh> when we  there's no room for a docking station or something . 

A:  We'll give the buttons special colour . 

B:  <other> A special colour , why a special colour ? 

A:  Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . 

D:  I don't think the special form is really true . 

A:  I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do , 

A:  'Kay , but the problem now is that <other> the  There's no such thing as a docking station in this list , 

C:  <laugh> But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station  

A:  then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore , 

C:  No , but you  otherwise you can't retrieve it . 

D:  I mean if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents . 

C:  But for two Euros and thirty cents , we uh we don't get a docking station . 

D:  if it would cost two Euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , 

A:  or we can ki do the kinetic cells . 

B:  But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? 

A:  Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , 

A:  yeah , but when we skip when we um  when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still  yeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , 

D:  We can make a plain docking station for two Euros . 

D:  Wi wi without recharge  

C:  I've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or  

A:  You can look at it for s presentation . 

A:  I don't think here  it's in here already . 

B:  Was it working design or components design ? 

A:  You know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires    

A:  it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . 

A:  And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ? 

C:  Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down . 

A:  So we're gonna use the simple chip . 

D:  I think we can make a docking station . Yeah . 

A:  we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated  innovative te technology anyway , I think . 

A:  maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something . 

C:  Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking . 

A:  the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking  . 

A:  Hey that  maybe that's cool  that's a cool thing about it , you know . You don't use batteries . 

D:  We can make a docking station for two thirty . 

A:  Yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . 

A:  but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the  these costs of the speaker and other stuff . 

D:  <other> Well then it's a useless project . 

B:  Yeah , then we don't have any innovation things . 

A:  Uh maybe it  with the kinetic thing , I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing . 

D:  Can't we say fifteen Euros ? 

C:  No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros . 

D:  You can sell for twenty seven and a half . 

B:  <other> No . 

C:  Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic . 

D:  You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really . 

C:  Uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time . 

A:  Because I think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , 

D:  Yeah , it's funny for a week . 

A:  Okay , then we d Okay , well y we don't have to do it , but what  that would just have a lack of key features , you know . 

A:  We can really can do the docking thing , 

C:  Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station . 

A:  No no , it's not possible . 

B:  <laugh> It w it won't tell , but  

D:  No , this not gonna sell . No . 

B:  Yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . You have to do it over . 

A:  No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left . 

A:  Yeah , and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature , 

D:  Warning , finish meeting now . 

A:  well , we were gonna what look  take a look at the last sheet . 

D:  No , we can't . 

A:  Yeah , we have to  Yeah , it's   <laugh> 

D:  Yes , yes . Celebration . 

D:  I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest . 

