A:  <laugh> <other> I've uh made a presentation 

A:  Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting . 

A:  And  an uh a nice agenda . <cough> 

A:  I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here , so that we can all use them . 

A:  We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project , 

A:  We have to uh design a new television remote control . 

A:  Um we want it to be original , 

A:  There happen to be uh three stages . 

A:  functional , conceptual , and d detailed design . 

A:  We have uh these two Smartboards . 

A:  Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things , 

A:  This is a uh well a drawing board . 

A:  So you have a a nice pen , 

A:  Of course w <laugh> doesn't work any more . <laugh> 

A:  We can uh uh well you can save a file . 

A:  Uh just we can start a new one , and we just go on , and don't throw anything away . 

A:  Um you can here select a pen , 

A:  It's a bit uh childish you have to write . 

A:  So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board , 

A:  We going to try it . 

D:  Alright , your favourite animal ? <laugh> 

A:  I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh beast 

C:  I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment . 

A:  Ah <other> the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose , loosen up , a bit uh meeting each other 

D:  We're kinda losing time , though . 

C:  It's a hedgehog . 

A:  and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal . 

D:  It's a rabbit . 

A:  save it and start a new uh  

C:  These are very important documents , of course , uh these drawings , uh  

A:  Yeah well we have to save everything 

A:  There's also different colours 

B:  It's just a bird . 

A:  you choose a new colour . 

A:  It's a cat . <cough> 

A:  Well then uh the serious uh stuff . 

A:  Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls ? 

C:  Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh   

A:  Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then  

D:  I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors . 

D:  Furthermore it's important to make it uh acceptable for the whole world , for different cultures , maybe , 

C:  No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh 

B:  I also think we should not add too many buttons . 

A:  Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's  

D:  and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something . 

D:  Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ 

C:  so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh  

B:  we should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use , we uh we make ? 

A:  and maybe we do uh <other> we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player . 

C:  And stereo uh s uh audio installations . 

B:  And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes . 

A:  because we look at competitors 

C:  It has to be different and familiar at the same time . 

B:  we could use another form or shape or colour , that kind of things . 

C:  I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing  

B:  Well we we could make more more oval or something , and and  

A:  N we can use uh it as a as a game pad . 

B:   but young people want something different 

D:  Yeah but it's quite important that it fits . 

A:  one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so  

C:  so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh , yeah , useful 

A:  for me personally I have a <other> a lot of remotes uh at home 

A:  When it falls over it and I just have  and then the button that I use most has to be here . 

D:  It shouldn't be boxy . 

D:  I don't agree with the long box uh shape <other> 

C:  But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this , 

B:  No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_  with their uh remotes <laugh> pl players <laugh> they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped . 

D:  No that's ol old fashioned . 

B:  Well <other> most of  of them are are somewhat thicker at the end , 

C:  uh but then with some uh round uh <other> round forms in it to fit your hand , 

A:  A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand . 

D:  It shouldn't be too boxy , you know . 

C:  but  no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square 

C:  A big recognisable button on top or something . 

D:  But it should be possible to to um make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button . 

C:  Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions . 

D:  and maybe we should use colours . 

B:  Yeah  maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well  <laugh> you can you can put on on them , 

D:  That's kinda trendy . 

A:  Sound nice . Yes . 

C:  I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um  

A:  so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . 

A:  Well it's just uh about our first ideas now 

D:  <other> I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make , 

A:  You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh . I think . 

A:  So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over . 

C:  Yeah now we can still talk about the material , 

C:  I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course , hard plastic , 

D:  Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy . 

A:  Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons 

C:  It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things . 

C:  infrared beams an infrared beam I think  . 

A:  Is there an a universal uh universal way of um transmitting from the remote to the television 

C:  The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly , 

D:  <laugh> Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea ? 

A:  Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes . 

D:  and you can always use a front front on it , you know ? 

A:  And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh  

B:  Well you can make profit with them , 

C:  Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something 

A:  Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell , 

D:  But people of often don't like bright colours or something . 

A:  But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh . <laugh> 

A:  Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh  I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote . 

A:  Finish meeting now . 

A:  Well uh we're going to back uh back into our rooms so  

B:  Next meeting is in  

A:  In thirty minutes , 

