A:  Well our functional design meeting , that's the stage we're in . 

A:  Um now the new project requirements , I'll just show them . 

A:  Well , teletext goes out . 

C:  I I disagree , 

A:  because we just said we wanted to d include the D_V_D_ 

A:  because uh especially for the third requirement we want to reach people under the thirty years . 

A:  Well and uh our corporate image should stay rec recognisable in our products . 

D:  Well , I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements . 

D:  Well , <other> um the first findings are that people um think most controls are very kind of ug ugly . 

D:  They also say , that's about uh I thought it was fifty per cent , uh that more money will be spent on uh better looking controls . 

D:  Uh , almost every user uses it d the the control for just ten per cent of its capacity . 

D:  Furthermore , it's uh <other> seventy five per cent of the users uh zaps a lot . 

D:  A lot of losers um users lose their controls in their <laugh> in their living room . 

D:  Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn . 

C:  I think our uh user uh expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote , of course . Uh  

B:  Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control , I think . 

B:  It sh it should be there , the manual . 

D:  Next point . Um R_S_I_ . 

D:  Um research shows that they like to have a little L_C_D_ screen on their on their uh zapping uh device . 

C:  It's going to be expensive . Yeah . 

D:  I don't have any information on that . So  <laugh> 

C:  No , we'll look we'll look into that later . 

D:  And uh another thing is uh speech uh recognition . 

B:  I think that's uh difficult to realise also . 

C:  We don't rule them out uh yet . 

C:  Well uh it is my task to uh explain uh or to point out a working design . 

C:  You have uh basically uh the energy , the power of the of the remote control , 

C:  And the <other> the user interface sends uh the the different signals of the different buttons to the chip , 

C:  I've some couple of pictures here . 

C:  It has uh very little buttons and  

B:  High tech . <laugh> 

C:  and it's not very user-friendly . 

C:  So we have to uh change a little bit uh to that , 

D:  But I think it's very important to make um the power , channel and volume buttons uh near to the thumb , so you can't have R_S_I_ uh consequences . 

D:  Uh the power button is used very much , channel selection , volume and teletext . 

D:  Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons . 

B:  Maybe you can make , for for channel changing , two little buttons on the side of the remote , so you can just do like this . 

A:  Yeah . If someone puts up i uh picks up his remote , and he picks up it he he touches the side then he's a already on the next channel . 

C:  But in e in any case the the basic function should be uh indeed , and as you say at the thumb . 

C:  and uh and that the less important uh buttons , like the the the different channels , uh the numbers one two three four five as well , should be uh yeah well not in reach , 

C:  And I have some pictures of the inside workings , 

B:  Yeah . Well I'm Mike  , User Interface Designer . 

B:  took a good l look uh at the remotes on the corporate website , which are these two . 

B:  Um  This one is engineering-centred , 

B:  I like user-centr centred uh <other> uh also the best . 

B:  <other> I um I kinda like the shape . 

B:  I think this is about the maximum number of buttons uh we'll need . 

B:  I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front . 

A:  So if y if you make a a front with just a a tiger on it , then uh our recognition is totally gone . 

B:  Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote . 

C:  We can put it on the on the back side . 

D:  And <other> if you put a front on it , there's a hole on the front . So the symbol's always on 

D:  We can make a symbol of the company right here . 

C:  Mike , uh can you put uh that picture from me on the in the Word documents file ? In Map ? 

B:  Yeah , I will . 

D:  and we've uh chose for the younger one . 

B:  but what kind of features ? 

B:  Like L_C_D_ screens and voice recognition . 

A:  And if if that's gives you a little bit of sta status information . 

D:  Which programme you are l watching or something . 

C:  So it it just signals the the different uh sig uh the different symbols on the screen you have , 

D:  I think it should be at the top . 

D:  Alright , we go with the L_C_D_ screen ? 

A:  Uh well I think so , yes . Um  

B:  <other> Yeah well we we we still need to know how much that will cost . 

A:  No but we're we'll have to look into that . 

A:  So we have to decide on the different remote control functions . 

B:  Yeah but with with the L_C_D_ screen on the top it gets a bit unnatural . 

A:  because um when when uh when I use a remote I l I hate the buttons but buttons at the at the bottom . 

A:  We don't want them to look like a calculator . 

C:  I think it's still important to have it at the top , 

D:  I think we have uh a few functions , 

A:  Well but uh what what if we we first decide the different functions , 

A:  <laugh> We have a power button , setting buttons , L_C_D_ window , the number buttons  

C:  Channel , yeah . 

A:  Uh the mute button . 

B:  I think we we should use something like this um to um  The the channel up and channel down button ? <other> Yeah , in circle , you know ? 

D:  You should put that uh power button , channel and volume should have the most uh importance . 

B:  I think these should be in one big circle in the middle . 

D:  Yeah , but what he said about R_S_I_ was <other> t kinda true . 

D:  So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other . 

B:  Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place . 

D:  So the the <other> channel uh channel buttons should be far far apart , I think , up and down . 

B:  No I don't think . 

C:  I think you can have the two buttons of up and down close together , 

D:  Right , just make some decisions . 

A:  Well what if we're going to now decide about the functions , 

A:  Are we going to uh do it like uh on Mike's screen with uh one button that says I'm going to do a t two number digital ? 

B:  On most T_V_s if you uh press two numbers shortly after each other , <other> d it  

A:  Alright so no button for that . 

A:  Uh there's um <other> screen . You can make it wider and less wide . 

D:  I do think we have to put that underneath a clip . 

A:  Th that's a bit uh waste . 

C:  You can just put it somewhere 

B:  Oh , they can be small or round like buttons . 

C:  Well uh and and I think more at the bottom . Yeah . 

C:  We have it , and we design later where everything goes . Yeah . 

B:  Why go to video ? 

D:  Yeah , but you can z you can zap t you can you can zap to the video channel from zero to uh  

D:  Yeah , but if we're choosing to uh incorporate these buttons , you have to have uh channel setting , 

C:  Yeah well uh d different screen settings a Yeah , sk <other> 

B:  and then with plus and min minus you can uh adjust the uh  

A:  So we still  have one uh four ? 

D:  For a screen uh fu uh channel setting . 

A:  Oh you always have in the centre an Okay button , for your menu . 

B:  Yeah , alright . 

A:  Menu button . 

C:  Yeah . I think that's important . 

B:  I think things like uh contrast and brightness should be um in the menu , yeah . 

C:  And you can uh then adjust it with the zapping buttons or something . 

A:  and uh we'll have to decide s things on our own I think . So  

D:  So it's better to uh put our attention to the the design . So you can pick up and use it , than  I think . 

C:  The chip uh produces Morse code , um a specific code to indicate that specific button that is pressed , of course . 

C:  Now the LED produces an infrared beam and signals the , well it's uh very simple , and signals the uh signals to the sensor on the T_V_ set , 

A:  but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart so you would reject R_ R_S_I_ R_S_I_ . 

A:  but i th they all have to have something about um the recognition from our company . 

D:  No not clickable . 

C:  But you you can put uh two or three buttons under uh another section . 

A:  And the button that you can go to A_V_ for your video . 

