A:  We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design . 

D:  Alright , Trendwatch . 

D:  It's very important that uh the control is fancy looking and good uh feeling . 

D:  <other> Um , technological technological innovations , that's uh regarded very highly too . 

D:  <other> Uh the last point is easy to use . 

A:  Functional is not an issue , and then easy to use . 

B:  Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use . 

D:  So it must be very bright , very colourful . 

D:  Fruit and vegetables are cool . 

D:  Uh furthermore uh material , that's your part , should be very strong . 

A:  Well the the handy thing about our fronts is that we can follow these trends e ev every year . 

C:  Right , I am going to tell you something about the components design . 

C:  Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough , 

C:  Uh the buttons of course rubber , 

C:  Um under forty five years old . 

C:  And also they like curved round shapes . 

A:  Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something . 

C:  But solar energy is not very practical inside a house , 

C:  And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical , I think , for uh for a simple remote , 

C:  And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case . 

C:  Um f as uh for the buttons , simple push buttons . 

C:  But we do use an L_C_D_ screen , 

B:  Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems , 

B:  Um it's not really speech recognition , 

B:  and then once you uh talk to the remote , then um he will a answer with the the prerecorded message that you left . 

B:  No it doesn't does not do anything . 

B:  Well , as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote . 

D:  So you have a menu button , 

A:  But then we should also have an uh an Okay button . 

C:  I suggest a banana shape . 

A:  m Next year that's out . 

C:  Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course ? 

B:  Um the video button should be uh an apart button , 

D:  But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part . 

A:  Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out . 

B:  if we decide to uh to implement that , maybe we should . 

B:  Well the speaker and the microphone , I think , are the same uh little hole thingy . 

B:  This is my suggested design . 

A:  Um then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make . 

B:  And oh I think as you can see so , the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end , or at the bottom . 

D:  Yeah , fine . <laugh> 

B:  I think we should , if it's um possible , uh one with colours , but  

D:  Nah th It's too expensive . 

B:  Alright . 

D:  You can make the the underside , you can make it more round , where the L_C_D_ is . 

A:  So it f falls over the hand . 

C:  I will design it , we design it later . 

C:  Well a case ? Uh that's me . 

C:  <other> Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote , so not the front , could be titanium , 

C:  And then the front is made of plastic . 

D:  But the feel of plastic isn't strong . <other> 

A:  Titanium back , plastic front . 

C:  but you know b Titanium is very basic colour , 

C:  and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front . 

A:  all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard work . 

A:  Uh the buttons are normal , etcetera . 

A:  Um well we have our beautiful drawing . 

A:  We can also uh implement um we can also implement fronts from um movies that are very hot . 

B:  Yeah 

D:  I think we can launch a couple of packages . 

A:  Launch different lines at once . 

B:  Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so , 

B:  and that they want more . 

C:  Yeah but you you can have some basic colours , 

A:  yeah well I think we'll have to in the next uh half an hour , we'll have to uh s s specify the different uh types we want to launch , when we uh <other> well introduce our remote . 

A:  Maybe a a cheap voice recording . 

C:  We all agree on that . Yeah . 

A:  Industry designer ,  . User Interface , Mike . You're going to work together on a prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . 

A:  Uh I don't know what product evaluation exactly means , 

B:  Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers ? 

D:  Yeah . Round . 

C:  Well yeah . Um I think um <other> a logo , our company logo , and the slogan should be or could be  

B:  Uh I I'd say only the logo . 

C:  Well , our slogan is not very long . 

C:  But you can put it on the back , 

B:  Right corner , yes . 

B:  Ah the logo should be on the top I think . 

D:  But the logo the logo shouldn't be exchangeable , when you get off the front . 

B:  The logo can be on on every uh front . 

A:  Yes , slogan from company on the back with logo 

D:  So uh a little corner of titanium . 

A:  Yes ,  that also sounds uh pretty uh neat . 

D:  I was thinking of something like uh <other> well uh iron plate over it , 

D:  Yeah , that's great . 

C:  uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery . 

C:  No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that , 

C:  Can you draw it now ? 

D:  When you want an other colour on the front , it doesn't match . 

