A:  The first kick-off meeting . 

A:  First the opening , 

A:  We m have to make a new remote control . 

A:  So first to  we have to make a small painting . 

A:  First you can save the documents . 

A:  And we have to use <other> the pen and the eraser . 

A:  We all have to use this one . 

A:  So I'll make an example . 

A:  Um you can change some things . 

A:  So and after it you have to save it . 

C:  An elephant . <laugh> 

A:  <laugh> So you're next . 

C:  Uh a bird . 

D:  Now save ? 

D:  Okay . 

A:  Now next . The budget . 

A:  we will sell the t at twenty five Euros . 

A:  First I wanna hear from you . 

C:  Big one , they are uh not easy to use . 

C:  And uh g big buttons , 

C:  Big buttons , positive . 

B:  Uh well I think the the the goal of a remote control is that it's it it has an influence on the T_V_ set . 

B:  And that if you push the button the LED uh gives a light , and uh and you see that it's working . 

B:  But I  my my experience is that it it it's convenient to have that . 

D:  Uh at home we have a T_V_ , a video uh recorder , a D_V_D_ player , and a satellite receiver . 

A:  For our own remote control we have to think how do we make it . 

C:  The weight . Not not too heavy . 

C:  That when you drop it , it won't break . 

C:  Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control , sometimes it happen . Uh it between the couch and you can't find it . 

B:  Yeah well that's  that are good ideas . Uh  

B:  And looking on the budget , not too expensive uh material . 

D:  Yeah I think it uh  from a marketing point of view , it also has to look nice . 

D:  on our website we can see what products we already have . 

C:  Uh it it won't take a lot of batteries . 

A:  It's only the first ideas . 

A:  uh what are we going to do now is  Next meeting is in half an h hour . 

A:  Um , what you have to do . Well look on your  . 

A:  And  Next instructions you'll get in your email . So  

