A:  So welcome back . 

A:  first . I want to say I'm the secretary , 

A:  I wanna hear from you , what you've done . 

A:  We have forty minutes for this meeting . 

C:  Where have I put it ? 

C:  I've save it on my computer , my presentation . 

C:  But now I don't know where it is . 

C:  Okay here it is . 

C:  It's a little difficult what I'm gonna tell you . 

C:  First uh I will tell you something about the findings , 

C:  Uh then I'll have uh some kind of map , 

C:  The remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control uh inside . 

C:  and there are um switches and things like that . 

C:  And here I have the top of the remote control . 

C:  My preferences ? 

C:  We shouldn't make it too big . 

C:  Also because of the cost , uh not too much buttons on it . 

C:  And the bleep signal , y uh you told us . 

C:  And also the bleep , when  what I told you about uh when you lost it , 

A:  The battery . 

C:  If we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light , then it will be cheaper than when we use two . 

A:  when you use two , you can use it two times longer . 

C:  then we'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting . 

A:  Okay and the buttons . 

C:  But uh I think this  our remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company ? 

A:  I think we have to use it also on other televisions though . 

C:  Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions . 

A:  They are two different things though . 

C:  Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions . 

C:  And I just uh have one more idea . 

C:  But  Uh , to have a trendy remote control , we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones . To change covers . 

D:  Will this will this add to the cost ? 

C:  Uh then it won't be  uh will have just one cover on the uh original one . 

D:  but you have to m uh be able to change it . 

C:  I think it will be a little more difficult , 

A:  Yeah but there are much more Nokia telephones than um these ones . 

C:  If it won't works then we'll get something else . 

A:  Yeah but are their profits bigger than their cost ? 

C:  Uh a p a  <laugh> a cover made in uh in China , it it won't be I guess so expensive I think . 

A:  Yeah but there are also design cost . 

A:  Would you change the cover ? 

C:  I wi I won't . 

A:  I think that too less people would change it for good profit . So  

B:  I'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh  

A:  but I don't think we have to do it . 

B:  Yes well uh uh I shall give a short talk about the the technical function design . 

B:  And uh well , it all by pushing a button on the remote . 

B:  Uh I find some uh some interesting quotes on the web . 

B:  Uh message to the television . 

B:  well these are two uh remotes , 

B:  But uh shall we make a basic remote control , uh just uh swapping channels and volume and uh power button and well nothing much more . 

B:  Um any ideas about that ? 

A:  We'll got back on that later . 

B:  So uh I didn't know what uh what way we would go . 

A:  Then it's your turn , the marketing expert . 

D:  So I'm uh gonna have a presentation about um the market , 

D:  Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons . 

D:  uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls . 

D:  Uh our users , they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls . 

D:  And uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons . 

D:  Well uh the most used button is the channel selection . 

D:  The power , volume and channel selections are very relevant . 

D:  Uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups . 

D:  Then we have a few um graphs about the market . 

D:  Um as you can see , most users are uh between thirty six and forty five . 

D:  Um in the  we asked them , uh how would you like a s a new feature . 

D:  And another thing , how would you like to have a speech recognition on it . 

D:  Young users uh think that's an interesting idea . 

D:  the age between sixteen and forty five . 

D:  Uh they are highly interested in the features , as you can see uh here . 

D:  Uh the second group is the older group . 

D:  They are less interested in uh new features . 

D:  Well then I come to my uh personal preferences . 

D:  What I thought , um even young people say it's hard to use , remote control . 

D:  But when use it , uh I don't know what's uh good thing of speech recognition . 

D:  Uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control . 

D:  You can find most functions on a T_V_ set . 

D:  One thing I did not say I think , is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one . 

D:  So the design of our remote control is very important . 

C:  If we aim for the younger people , um and there will be uh a lot of features like L_C_D_ or the the the speech uh f recognising , uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher . 

B:  And I don't uh I don't think twenty five Euros for a remote is really cheap or something . 

A:  I think uh the L_C_D_ is cheaper than speech recognition . 

A:  Uh we go   back on the decisions later . 

A:  So I think that can be an d good option . L_C_D_ . 

A:  First , teletext . 

A:  Only for the television . 

A:  We look at the age group of forty plus . 

A:  Our corporate colour and slogan must be used . 

A:  So you can see it on our site . 

A:  Now we have to decide what controls do we need . 

D:  Yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said . 

D:  I uh personally think uh teletext is a good option . 

A:  It's a  <laugh> new requirement . 

A:  Yeah but we don't use it . 

C:  No discussion about it . 

B:  Well a power button ? 

B:  So so uh zero to nine or something . 

C:  To move up , move down . 

D:  Do we make a menu ? 

A:  Uh yes 

D:  I think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . 

D:  And if you press the menu button you get into the menu , 

A:  On the L_C_D_ screen , you mean ? 

D:  Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_ . Or you get the menu on the L_C_D_ screen on the remote control . 

A:  Think it's better to have it on the remote control , 

C:  But then we come to the costs . 

D:  But well if you aim at the younger market , um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab , uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control . 

D:  So if we have a L_C_D_ sh uh screen , and uh not too many buttons , I think that will incre uh uh even when it's a bit more cost , it will still sell . 

A:  Is this enough ? 

B:  Mute . 

A:  I think that's enough for the next phase . 

C:  And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like ? Or  

A:  that's for the next phase . 

A:  Phase two is the conceptual design . 

A:  And you can find the minutes in the Project Documents folder inclusive the uh buttons . 

A:  Your individual action , you can find them in the email . 

