A:  Now uh , I ask you to presentate the prototype . 

D:  <laugh> This is it . 

B:  It's uh it's uh it's yellow . 

B:  And the rest is hard plastic . 

B:  the sides . 

B:  We had a new idea <laugh> that that this can uh can be uh uh turned inside . 

B:  And then you can still use the the power button and the mute and the the joystick . 

A:  And the buttons ? 

B:  Big buttons . 

B:  yeah , and the mute and the the other button . 

A:  And the joystick is for the volume and the channels . 

B:  Very obvious . 

C:  Up is channel up . 

A:  Okay , so if joystick and L_C_D_ . 

B:  R_R_'s the l the the the the company uh logo . 

D:  That's on the rub rubber part . 

A:  So , what they say on the side is put fashion there . 

A:  So , that's it . That's prototype . 

D:  Do we change the the order ? 

A:  Finance is um  

A:  first uh  

D:  Um , we gonna do the evaluation now , together . 

D:  I have um thinked a few evaluation uh criterias , 

D:  Um , well uh we have the Word document 

D:  Uh , what this just an example . So , this not very important . 

D:  Um , so uh you have to think of it as uh the remote control is techno technologically innovative . 

D:  Yeah , I think it's uh  <laugh> Uh , well technologically using , it's not uh  it doesn't contain many new features . 

D:  Um , I think I will give it a  yeah , yeah , yeah  , a four . 

C:  I think the scroll-button is something also uh new . 

C:  I think technologically I'll give it an seven . 

D:  So now i I think you uh see it  um its statement . 

C:  Oh , true or false . 

A:  Two . 

D:  It's a one . <laugh> The first item . 

D:  Um , this product is for all sorts of customers . 

D:  That's uh a six . 

B:  Mm , four . 

A:  So I think it's four . 

B:  I mean it still has l large buttons and not m many buttons . 

C:  Maybe version uh three point O_ uh  <laugh> has other colours . <laugh> 

A:  We put the fashion in electronics . 

D:  Yeah , well do we do this with uh this product ? 

D:  I think if we do this , as it's uh uh c uh it's really orientates on the design . 

C:  Me too a two , because only the battery is not uh techin uh technologically high standard . 

A:  Uh , I say uh a five . 

B:  Then make it th three . 

D:  The next element um is the product looks good . 

C:  I give it a one . <laugh> 

A:  Well , I say three . 

D:  Uh uh , the next statement . It has not too much buttons . 

D:  I I have uh said is not because uh a low number is better . 

D:  Well , uh if we go to <other> uh this fashion , I  We still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers . 

D:  So , I would give this a two . 

C:  One . 

A:  Me too . One . 

A:  It does not get lost easily . 

D:  Yeah , did we implement uh the sound ? 

B:  Yes . <laugh> 

A:  No , we did not . 

C:  Ah . Yellow . 

A:  I don't think so . 

C:  It won't get between uh the pillows uh on the couch . 

A:  A one ? <laugh> 

C:  Yeah , o one . 

D:  Okay , um well we aimed for the younger market . 

A:  There's a fancy look-and-feel . 

D:  That that was uh , yeah , one of the most important things that uh Trendwatch said . 

D:  Well , let's also give this a two . 

C:  I gave this a one because of the rubber . 

C:  Yeah , f very fancy  trendy . 

A:  It's a a bit personal . If it's fancy . 

D:  uh it goes with the latest trends . 

A:  No , it's new . 

D:  If we looked at the latest trends for the uh younger people , and they ate uh fruit and vegetables , 

D:  We did not paint any uh fruit and vegetable on it for something like that . 

D:  We'll go for a three . 

C:  I go for two because uh the the shapes are still round . 

C:  But the the colours are um basic , like yellow , red , um blue . 

C:  Two . 

D:  So um , come back to the presentation now . 

A:  Effort is three , ten and twelve . Thirty , forty , fifty ,  . 

D:  So uh , that's a pretty low rating , I think . 

A:  So , it's good . 

D:  So , according to our uh own evaluation uh we did a good job . <laugh> 

D:  Next . Finance . 

A:  So , now uh we have a product . 

A:  But uh , is it cheap enough ? 

A:  We have a battery . 

C:  Cheapest there is . 

A:  Electronics . Advanced chip . 

A:  it's the most advanced . 

A:  We have the simple , regular and advanced . 

A:  We have double curved . 

A:   we have half rubber , half plastic . 

A:  Special colour . 

A:  So , we have the L_C_D_ 

C:  One . 

A:  And it's not really a s 

C:  Joystick uh thing . 

A:  Now , uh button supplement . 

A:  The buttons are regular colour . 

A:  It's too expensive . 

A:  Fifteen Euros . 

A:  So , we have to change something . 

A:  well uh when we lose one scroll-wheel , it's okay . 

C:  Uh , I don't think it's a very special colour . 

D:  For a remote control , I think it is . <laugh> 

A:  Um , then we uh lose two Euros . 

A:  Exactly the special colours . 

A:  Half a Euro too much . 

C:  Um <other> just only plastic or only rubber ? 

C:  One Euro discount . 

A:  I think we have to keep the L_C_D_ . 

C:  And if you say it's just a r uh normal colour  

C:  Normal colour , and the the joystick away , 

A:  But if you lose the joystick , it's still uh an advanced chip ? 

D:  The advanced chip was for the L_C_D_ 

C:  If we lose the L_C_D_ , then we have an uh regular chip and no L_C_D_ . 

C:  Then you'll have to m uh see the menu on the television . 

D:  And then uh we move the the colour . 

A:  No joystick . Push-buttons . No special colour . 

A:  And you cannot use the red and green button . 

C:  So , all the buttons has to  have to be the same colour . 

A:  What's the normal colour ? 

A:  Very good . 

C:  process . Went good . 

C:  I think uh the creativity uh <laugh> was good enough . 

C:  Uh leadership . 

C:  Team-work okay . 

C:  New ideas found . <other> 

B:  I I espe I especially uh liked the the means , 

D:  Yeah , I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices . 

D:  Well , the laptops if you have them out front of you , you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation . 

D:  Um , and uh the project . Yeah , I agree on what was said uh mainly . 

A:  I think it was good . 

