A:  Okay , the waiting is for our Marketing Expert , Ruud . 

C:  Is there a schedule for this meeting ? 

A:  Yes , there is actually . 

A:  It's important that the laptops are um exactly on the square , um for the cameras . 

A:  Um we're here to develop uh a new product . 

A:  this is the first meeting to to generate some uh uh some ideas about it . 

A:  we're going to do um uh uh a little tool training uh for the tools we are going to use uh during uh the meetings we are going to have here . 

C:  Um is there any room for a little presentation ? 

A:  <laugh> No problem . 

A:  this new product we are are g are going to develop , um 

A:  Um and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly . 

A:  <other> Um we will discuss uh later on more ideas about uh how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those kind of things . 

A:  Um <other> we are going to use a a pred a project method uh during uh this development , 

A:  Uh the functional design , the conceptual design and the detailed design , 

A:  Um the first stage , the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements , 

A:  Um <other> the second is the technical functional design , 

A:  Um and the last one is the working design . 

A:  <other> Okay , um before we think about remote control we will um work with some of the tools we have uh here . 

A:  You can uh uh display pr uh two presentations if you want to . 

A:  <other> to um presentate , to show us uh a file you'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder , 

A:  Um then we have this electronic white-board system . 

A:  you can draw on the board using this pen . 

A:  it's on the um eraser now , 

A:  <other> you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button . 

A:  Um all our um whi um uh SMARTboard um notes should be kept in the same file . 

B:  But we all use the same white-board file 

A:  Um so now I d have a different line width and uh colour . 

A:  Current colour , you can choose another colour . 

A:  I wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder 

A:  Um as a little training <other> um I will ask Ruud first to draw uh uh your own animal on a new slide uh with uh a different colour and a different line width than the one uh now selected . 

D:  Uh a wee rabbit . 

A:  Um Roo , could you do the same please ? 

A:  It it should be a cat . 

A:  Okay , so um you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to . 

A:  the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros . 

A:  we uh we will focus this internationally , 

A:  And um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve Euro fifty , 

A:  maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation . 

C:  Yes , um I have some technical uh issues which I would like to present to you uh before we start the discussion , 

C:  I would like to think about uh the implementation of uh of things , 

C:  Um and I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available 

C:  I have some uh initial ideas about some things 

C:  One thing about uh interopera operability . 

C:  Um and we should think about the way how these things uh should communicate with each other . 

C:  Well , there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them . 

C:  We're not uh living in the uh nineteen eighties anymore , so infrared is not uh 

B:  Yeah , but the infrared , it's uh , well , a little bit old-fashioned , if you would call it like that . 

B:  you should equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote . 

C:  but that's uh something we should discuss 

C:  but take these things into account when you start the discussion . 

A:  Um I I do think it's time now to to discuss uh mm some things . 

A:  H how do you think the remote should um function for the user ? 

B:  Um well , the interoperability , just like uh Sebastian said , 

B:  devices ? 

B:  I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store . 

C:  Yes , I think it should be something like that . 

B:  It's not for uh for uh for uh Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product , 

A:  Okay , so we're we're going business to consumer , 

B:  Yeah , I do I don't know that . 

C:  We're not developing this product for a specific vendor , are we ? 

B:  don't have the information for it . 

C:  we're just developing this product , and we want to sell it to a very broad uh public , 

C:  And you you see uh the buttons as a as a means of doing this ? 

B:  Yeah , or maybe you want a touch-screen or  

C:  I I've seen these remote controls with uh this little stick uh which you can move forward , sidewords . 

C:  And um it's very easy for a user to to switch  

C:  to to switch b uh between uh channels 

B:  And for other user interface I had um , well , it's more industrial thing . 

B:  so in that case infrared should uh maybe uh be restriction to that . 

B:  so you must <other> point everywhere , 

A:  Maybe not even pointed . 

C:  So when you're not able to point at the device um the range is very limited . 

B:  For T_V_ , you're always in in the neighbourhood of a T_V_ , 

B:  You should able to feel the buttons without uh it mis um  <laugh> 

B:  And of course you don't always know where all buttons are , 

A:  Uh I'll write down glow in the dark . 

A:  Okay , um uh I just want to hear uh Ruud's um input for this meeting . 

D:  Uh I think most most things have already been said , 

D:  But uh lots of devices already use infrared . 

D:  And uh , yeah , infrared might be an issue . 

D:  like uh control multiple devices . 

D:  we'll probably have to implement that . 

C:  Um you said something about visibility in the dark . 

C:  uh would it be nice for a user to have display on this uh remote control , on which you can see functions ? 

B:  but it it can be quite simple , 

A:  because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product . 

C:  Yes , but there's a cost limitation too . 

C:  So that's a big problem , I think . 

A:  twelve Euro fifty , yeah . 

C:  I think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it's not going to be a high high-end product . 

B:  The digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade . 

B:  Always have s the soft buttons , always uh clear the the the paint on it . 

A:  Um uh d I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily 

A:  maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or  

B:  But then Bluetooth uh might be problem . 

C:  <other> It's use uh a lot of uh  

A:  Well does it ? 

B:  I know it from the cell phone . 

C:  Well , cell phones have uh integrated Bluetooth also and , well , it's  it seems to work uh quite okay . 

B:  But you can't you can't use Bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day . 

A:  Okay . Gentlemen , I'm afraid we do not have any more time . 

A:  <other> so we will go back to our own uh work . 

A:  See you in thirty minutes . 

