A:  Um <other> first of all , um if you make minutes yourself as well , uh like Sebastian does , um could you put them on the shared folder ? 

D:  Ease of use is important , 

D:  I assume they just want something colourful . Not uh specifically uh an apple as a remote control or something . 

B:  the corporate colours are grey and yellow . 

D:  Maybe soft material or something . But not a real sponge . 

A:  maybe it rubber 

D:  or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . 

A:  You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . 

B:  a few interface I uh I found on the internet are are these . 

B:  but they're very advanced and very high-tech and <other> just um , well , a weird um shape . 

B:  But we could make uh a round uh an oval uh um remote control . Uh yellow . 

A:  And what I'm thinking about , maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip 

C:  There are there are also remote controls who have uh a little shape underneath where you can put your fingers in , 

B:  in this um interface we can have uh high-tech with the voice recognition and uh , well , the the fancy colours and uh and so on , 

C:  We have the uncurved or flat case . Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh 

C:  <other> We have uh a curved one . 

C:  Uh and we have an even more advanced uh shape , 

C:  We can use plastic , 

C:  uh which is the same for rubber , 

C:  We can use wood and titanium . 

C:  we cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases . 

C:  we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh <laugh> remote controls . 

C:  Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply . 

A:  I think um , if if I can hook on to that , um the kinetic thing is very funny . 

B:  But if you're watching a movie , how many times uh you take the the remote control and and  

C:  But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy . 

C:  but maybe <other> maybe there's a possibility com to combine it with m uh traditional batteries , 

A:  because I guess the voice recognition feature u consumes quite a f uh a lot of power . 

C:  And we of course have the traditional uh solar power , 

C:  um of course we have the push-buttons 

C:  and uh we also have scroll-wheels . 

C:  Um <other> uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays , 

B:  we can just make four push-buttons in a form of a round . 

C:  <other> Yes . That is possible too . Yes . 

B:  I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it . 

A:  Um with uh maybe a channel selector . 

B:  Yeah , uh that's a possibility , 

C:  There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel . 

A:  this is my volume button . And I can either on this side or this side um  

D:  So it might attract uh the young customers . 

C:  it's it's been done years ago 

B:  So in that case uh the volume button on the side uh of the remote control would be perfect . 

C:  Yeah , yeah . Okay . 

C:  Uh we have a simple , regular and advanced chip . 

B:  Uh in the voice recognition you say a word  you can programme words like uh v uh volume up . Of mute , let's say mute . 

B:  and uh when you speak in the the remote control , it repeats uh your saying . 

A:  It performs the action . 

A:  d did we already decide on the display ? 

B:  Especially when when we have to look at a cost , I don't think uh  

C:  No . I don't think you need it . 

C:  I thought um the market would like uh a sort m sort of titanium casing , 

C:  Um I've chosen the more battery with solar cell uh solution for the energy . 

C:  The kinetic thing it  it's it's a possibility . 

C:  but I'm  I think you should combine it with batteries . 

A:  it's maybe a bit too too flashy , 

C:  So it it needs to be rubber . 

D:  the younger people liked soft material . 

C:  But they really need the regular chip , 

C:  if you if you stick with the the simple uh straight-forward uh not curve design , i uh it's too dull . 

C:  And um if you uh take the double-curved , uh then you cannot  um you can only use the rubber buttons and you cannot use the scroll-wheels . 

A:  But but do we want the curved uh uh design , 

C:  So I think this is the best of two worlds . 

A:  what about um <other> the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting ? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue . 

C:  It's it's  uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device . 

B:  <other> But most infrared uh remote controls don't have to be pointed at all . 

A:  it depends on your walls actually . 

C:  Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample . Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker . Um with a with a regular chip . 

B:  And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . 

C:  Yes , yes . 

A:  Yeah . 

A:  according to Ruud , the the the market likes um new flashy technology , 

A:  Because if we do have enough um space in in our finance , I would say do integrate it , 

B:  But we already have the scroll-wheels , the sp uh the speaker uh the speak recognition , the rubber , the fancy colours . 

A:  Yeah . Okay , I I agree . 

A:  Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product . 

A:  The next phase , um Sebastian , um is um the design of the look and feel . The user interface design . 

A:  Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . 

C:  can you uh give us a summary of all uh decisions we've made ? 

A:  The casing is curved , single-curved . 

A:  Yeah , with colourful rubber . 

C:  What about uh the finishing of the case ? 

A:  Uh if it's possible with uh different um covers , 

C:  and I think we should use the company colours . Something like black and red .  uh black and yellow . 

A:  Yeah , although I don't think that's very colourful . Except for the yellow of course , 

C:  It's quite modern actually . 

A:  I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before . 

B:  um  you must have a red uh on and off button . 

A:  Um so maybe it shouldn't even be two colours , 

C:  but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device . 

A:  The scroll-heel . Yes , 

C:  But there will be some additional buttons , I guess . 

C:  because they're they're rubber too . 

D:  Uh didn't  did we inc uh include the digi digits 

B:  What I said in the in the first uh discussion , uh the digit six on the button , it will disappear when it's from rubber . 

D:  'Cause things like uh volume could be uh placed next to the button . 

B:  So still then , if you feel uh li uh if you feel your remote control , you just rub on the cover , so you rub on the painting . 

A:  What about um making this rubber and making this plastic ? 

A:  we should have it the other way around , I guess . A plastic cover with rubber finishing . 

C:  I'm I'm not so sure , 

C:  I have to ask with manufacturing , 

A:  Um I guess you two have to figure that out . 

C:  We use the regular chip ? 

B:  Regular . 

C:  Uh I think our customers will go insane . 

C:  So if you want the spongy feel , you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber . 

