C:  Uh oh I've forgotten to mail you the minutes , 

C:  Um <other> Will you guys first with your prototype um before we get to the good news ? 

C:  Okay , have you got a presentation to make ? 

B:  No , not mine yet . 

D:  We made three for you . 

D:  Um one's based on the banana , one's based on the tomato 

D:  so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one , 

D:  If you do need buttons , you can flip it over , and there's some there , 

C:  <cough> Well I like the feel of it , I like the feel of it . 

D:  but that's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand . 

D:  but also we're gonna have the company name on the front , which is the little black kind of line in the middle . 

D:  These are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down . 

D:  it does actually feel quite ergonomic , 

D:  It would have to be a bit bigger . 

D:  <laugh> Um , obviously I don't think that's real sized  . 

D:  Um that's a speaker at the top , 

D:  Oh that's the charging base prongs at the bottom . 

D:  And um then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one . 

D:  and and um we have the banana-based one too . 

A:  This one is uh , I suppose for the younger audiences . 

C:  Well , nice to have uh options at least . 

D:  <other> So are there any um improvements or issues or  <laugh> 

C:  Um main problem that we have unfortunately being finance . 

C:  the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons , uh it's gonna cost us fourteen point six Euros . 

C:  <other> So basically , um in order to save our two Euros um I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape , but just have it flattened . 

C:  Doesn't save us quite as much . 

A:  W why is the uh double curved two of them ? 

C:  Oh , good point . 

C:  I think it means double curved as in um 

C:  and why why I've got it two , I don't know , 

A:  But you think it should be one . 

C:  <laugh> Um okay , so that would take away three , which would give us  

C:  Eleven uh eleven Euros sixty . 

D:  So we could even add something . 

A:  Ah yeah , we could add things . 

D:  Yeah , if we're happy with the design there's no point in spending money , if we don't have to . 

C:  Project process , how do we think that went ? 

A:  Yeah I think we have a a winning product . 

C:  Uh room for creativity , were we happy with that ? 

D:  W I think we were very creative . 

C:  Leadership , 

A:  Great leadership . <laugh> 

C:  Uh teamwork . I thought went well . 

D:  Yeah , everyone got enough input , I think . 

A:  <other> These pens are are neat though . 

B:  <other> Yeah , these are new ideas , like glow-in-the-dark or something like that . 

C:  So just general thumbs up for all of us then . 

B:  Uh Brian , have you have you finished ? 

B:  At last mine is also the presentation . 

D:  Oh , you got a presentation , 

D:  we forgot to mention 

B:  So now is the final evaluation , final evaluation of the uh uh of our product . 

B:  whether it meets our standards or not . 

B:  w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything . 

B:  We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements , whether it meets the user requirements or not , this product . 

B:  Then marketing strategy of the company . 

B:  Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale . 

B:  what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not ? 

D:  It had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the uh new technology that people said they wanted . 

D:  <other> Seven is good , yeah , isn't it ? 

D:  True or false ? 

B:  Uh one is  means highest ranking , 

B:  So it's one for from your point of view . 

A:  I'm gonna give it a two . 

C:  Oh , I'll go for a one . <other> 

B:  Uh for me personally it is everything fine , 

B:  but there is one thing which limits the customers , 

B:  But if a person doesn't like banana , or orange , you are limiting him . 

B:  So we are showing our preference for particular fruits , 

D:  Is that no is that not trends ? 

B:  because whatever companies  they launch their products in the shape of fruits , they give a range of products , a range of shapes , 

D:  But in electronics , I think , it's not q always quite so um  you don't always have so many choices as with chocolates . 

B:  we are doing a very wrong thing . 

A:  We're gonna average them ? 

A:  About one point f one point eight . 

B:  I have taken it very wrongly . 

D:  Well um going on uh the specifications that we had , that fruit and vegetables are quite popular , and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons , I would give it um , 

D:  so I would actually give it a three . 

A:  'Kay . As far as the uh technology it its' got the latest trends in speech technology , 

A:  um but it doesn't have that fancy solar power or the the vibrating energy mechanism . 

C:  it might be trendy to some , but I'm just not swallowing the fruit , 

D:  well , because it's hard to make a fruit good to look at , that that looks cool , you know , 

B:  It is cus spongy also . 

B:  Uh personally I wi uh I think that in terms of trends , these products are quite good , 

B:  So what about company strategy ? 

A:  Well , I think it's the the remote control conforms to the the company strategy . 

C:  Pretty much kept to the company strategy , so I would go for a  a one , as we not only kept it , but we were limited by  

B:  Uh overall we are getting two  something , 

B:  So we can launch it . Yeah . 

C:  'Cause we've evaluated and we are within budget . 

