C:  So , this is uh first meeting of this design project . 

C:  is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly , 

C:  this is the the plan for today's meeting 

C:  Then the main purpose is to  so that we get to know each other a little bit more . 

C:  come up with some preliminary ideas about it . 

C:  So we've got twenty five minutes to do that , 

C:  What we're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television . 

C:  the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially 

C:  Um and then the detailed design will come after that . 

A:  I'm a bit confused about uh what's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design ? 

C:  I think it  th w we're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you'll be  

C:  but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that 

A:  it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product ? 

C:  Um I think we'll we'll start that initially with the functional design already but then 

C:  Um what I'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we're using for <other> for the project , 

C:  each person in turn , I'd like us to go up to the whiteboard , 

C:  and draw your favourite animal 

B:  So , my name's Cat 

B:  Um this is a rabbit . <laugh> 

B:  I am the Marketing Expert <other> 

B:  I'm gonna be doing the  apparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everything  the user g requirements specification of the functional design , um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design <other> 

D:  Um so my name is Maarika . 

D:  I'm the Interface Designer in this project 

D:  but I do like dogs . 

D:  um so um in the different um <other> stages of the design , so at first I will be responsible for um for <other> yeah , designing the technical functions of the um <other> um of the remote control 

A:  um my name is Gaurav . 

A:  my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer , 

A:  what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design , 

C:  I'm Jen . 

C:  It's a gecko . 

C:  and I'm your Project Manager for today 

C:  Okay , so this is the um overall budget for our project . 

C:  Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each . 

C:  Does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we're thinking of this remote control ? 

D:  I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have  w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones . 

C:  but if we all have a think , when we go away from the meeting , what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that <other> are out of the ordinary . 

A:  <other> I think uh i in the beginning uh one thing was  that was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy , user friendly and original 

A:  that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this . 

B:  So I'm kind of thinking , you know like those phones that they have , the new generation ones , where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that . 

C:  So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing , or  

B:  like I mean you know , theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your T_V_ , right ? 

B:  Something that's a little less crowded than this , 

B:  But what do most people do ? 

A:  <other> There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time , 

C:  It could be one button for a menu or something , if you really need to go and do that . 

B:  and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons , which just confuse them . <other> 

A:  I mean we can think about all these little things , 

D:  Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones , 

A:  A big learning curve , yeah . 

C:  so we need to wrap it up now , 

C:  Um <other> we've got another meeting in thirty minutes , 

C:  you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace , 

C:  Uh I'll see you in half an hour . 

