C:  This is our final meeting , the detailed design meeting . 

C:  what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two , 

B:  It does look very cool . 

C:  <laugh> then Cat's going to present the evaluation criteria that we're going to be evaluating this against . 

D:  so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things 

A:  <other> Okay . So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and <laugh>  we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . 

B:  <laugh> You think bananas are a safe thing to use ? 

D:  <laugh> Well , but it's it's just an a approximation . <laugh> 

A:  <laugh> Um so basically it's the it's the flip open thing again . 

A:  And it flips open on the side , so it opens like that . 

C:  And it's  the whole thing's made of rubber , is that  

B:  so I would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable . 

D:  <laugh> yeah , but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing , that one side was supposed to be rounder , 

B:  Is it to scale , or do you think you can make it a bit smaller ? 

D:  Um it could be made a bit smaller , 

D:  So <laugh> so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the <other> on the cover we just have the very basic things . 

D:  So it's four , up to four , up to seven , up to nine and zero , z zero here . 

D:  And then , well this is on off button . 

D:  and and also the colour is quite often red , 

D:  And then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and  

D:  And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here , previous and ne prevon prevon next . 

D:  And and and it's it's on the back is mm cover or back lid , because if you flip it open , you can still do the scrolling here . 

D:  and and you have the mm <other> spinning wheel with options to choose . 

B:  Oh , the thing we forgot was like a mute button . 

D:  Well ,  we'll have this on the screen , on the display . 

B:  On the wheel , like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute . 

A:  Uh on the L_C_D_ we r you know , the main menu will have various options . 

D:  yeah , the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute , right ? 

C:  if it's a scroll and click so you hold it in ? 

C:  But if you hold it in , 

D:  <other> And okay , so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it . 

C:  And it's  <other> with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours . 

D:  Yeah , I think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website . 

C:  I suspect we're gonna have a couple of minor finance issues , 

B:  So what we're gonna do is prefer  prepare the evaluation of the new design . 

C:  So for each of these we need to give it a one to seven . 

B:  I did have A_ , B_ , C_ , and D_ down here , 

B:  Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in . 

B:  If you take a note of them , 

B:  left-handed people can't normally write right-handed , 

A:  Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , 

B:  Does it match the operating behaviour of the user ? 

D:  so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m <other> model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . 

B:  So maybe we need to put  that needs a little bit of investigation , 

D:  Or maybe six , 

A:  It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , 

B:  I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top . 

A:  Yeah , but we  which makes it kind of really big , yeah . 

B:  or are we saying we're gonna stick a locator on the T_V_ ? 

C:  th there's the locator dot . 

D:  Mm that you stick on T_V_ . 

B:  so that means you need a  that does mean you need a little speaker on it though , 

B:  To make it beep . 

B:  so that's seven , yeah . 

D:  If <other> uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things 

C:  I'd say six , 

C:  but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . 

A:  but uh it's a good technology , I mean once they get used to it . 

B:  So , should we maybe say f a five 

B:  so possibly for left-handed . Investigate . 

C:  But otherwise it's superb . 

B:  So , should we give it a six ? 

D:  Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design  

A:  And moreover it it has um <other> L_C_D_ and everything , 

B:  Okay , so we give that a six , 

C:  G_ technologically innovative . 

A:  it's the most sophisticated remote that I ever seen . <laugh> 

D:  Well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well , which is  yeah , it's kind of new . 

C:  All of the components have been used in other things before . 

B:  They're never been used i they've never been using remote remote control before I don't think . 

C:  What do you reckon , five , six ? 

D:  Six . 

C:  Put fashion in electronics . 

D:  Fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days , so . 

B:  So , we need the average here , 

D:  So I think we've done very well , 

D:  The average is about six and something . 

D:  <other> Six point five , yeah . 

B:  that's pretty good , I think . 

C:  so we've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria . 

C:  Um I started filling it in , 

C:  No hand dynamo , right ? 

C:  The chip , we're going for an advanced chip on print . 

D:  I think something coloured , 

B:  but rubber comes coloured , doesn't it ? You know . 

C:  <other> maybe it's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured , it's different . 

D:  Or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it , 

D:  We have pushbuttons , 

C:  Scroll wheel with pushbutton we had , no ? 

D:  And we have L_C_ display 

C:  And button supplements . 

D:  Yeah , but what do we ha we have L_C_ display , but but the wh but the s spinning wheel  

B:  We've got more than one pushbutton though , 

B:  That means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total doesn't it ? 

C:  That seems unlikely . 

C:  whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we  

D:  We have to count all of them , 

C:  I don't think that makes sense . 

A:  if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five , 

C:  So , as we can see , that's way too expensive down here . 

B:  Yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 

C:  so that has implications though for the  . 

A:  Uh it does not have for voice recognition , 

B:  But that's a bit of a gimmick anyway really , isn't it ? 

A:  Mm <other> and the locator also goes away . 

D:  Well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive , 

A:  A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface , 

C:  Right , so we need one fifty off . 

A:  in the L_C_D_ we can scroll , right ? 

A:  how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the L_C_D_ ? 

A:  But how do we make a selection if we d cannot push the button . 

D:  you can push this one , 

B:  So that's point three . 

A:  and I thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing . 

C:  The scroll wheel is on the side . 

B:  Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether 

A:  Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , up  for up and down . 

C:  Oh look , we're way under budget 

B:  Yeah , well we could admit to the single curve  , couldn't we ? <laugh> 

C:  <laugh> Or or that we have to have some sort of special colour . 

C:  So did we lose um on our evaluation criteria , as a result of doing that ? 

B:  No , I don't think so . 

A:  Because we keep all the features , 

A:  instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons . 

A:  <other> But we lose the locator . 

D:  so we still have the locate . 

C:  We're gonna have a beep . 

D:  It can come in the same colour as the the case . 

C:  so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went , 

D:  as far as creativity is concerned , yeah I think there was there was room for creativity . 

A:  I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . 

B:  If we'd had that sheet at the beginning  should've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let's just throw it together and do what we can . 

C:  But in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting , that that worked in terms of . 

B:  I think 'cause the meetings were so regular , you know . 

D:  Yeah , the m the means were very very good , the means we used . 

C:  the whiteboard digital pens . 

C:  But that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the PowerPoint , 

D:  I was I was satisfied with with the leadership , yeah . 

D:  Yeah , and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the <other>  

B:  I mean especially with that last-minute alteration . 

B:  I mean that was fairly tight anyway , 

D:  But yeah , but I mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting , yeah . 

B:  You weren't like a a dictating leader , so that was always good . 

D:  And then the teamwork I think I think it worked quite quite nicely , yeah . 

C:  Did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit ? 

A:  Mm . I guess it was a fairly small group , 

C:  New ideas found . 

D:  Well it's it's it's pretty new , 

B:  I think we'd like to think the ideas were new , 

C:  costs are within budget , 

C:  One Euro left over for bits that we didn't foresee . 

C:  Can you put that in the project documents file ? 

C:  And the process wheel didn't really have any major problems with . 

D:  And my main difficulty was the the time pressure . 

B:  sometimes it's like a little bit rushed . 

B:  we've got like five minutes left . 

C:  but if we've finished , then we've finished . 

D:  Yeah , it was a pleasure working with you . 

C:  So I would say that's the end of that meeting . 

C:  Right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . 

A:  Was there a questionnaire already sent ? 

B:  Do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now ? 

C:  I don't see why you can't stay here , really . 

