B:  I'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting . 

B:  decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five , 

B:  Oh I should also point out that um the you know the kind of final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product . 

D:  Uh basically what I wanna do here , before we get into it uh too far , is I want to show you all the background information I have that I think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful . 

D:  Okay so out of um different uh figures and ratings ob uh of people in general , um consumers in general , the number one thing that was found was that uh the br t television remote control , a fancy look and feel , okay , 

D:  Number two was that it be innovative . 

D:  Uh and third priority uh for ease of use , 

D:  is that I think um <other> what we should think about is how the um <other> about how the innovation uh contributes to the look and feel , and not so much to the functionality of it . 

D:  Uh top European fashion trend um <other> that I read about says there's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetables , okay , 

D:  So my my feeling is that we w do want to observe this trend , 

D:  And then in terms of m material trends are for things to be soft and spongy 

D:  And then at the end there are vibrant natural colours um 

D:  softness in materials , shape , and function , 

D:  so I'm thinking if we imagine that we're taking some of the features of a Mac iPod 

D:  we think of some kind of a thin theme that unifies it all , 

D:  uh sorta like a marketing identity . 

D:  Like um the ones the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that , 

D:  Maybe like it could light up in different colours or something 

C:  Um there's a wee bit of discussion about the other existing ones there , 

C:  we're looking for um suggestions on size th um size of control and the buttons , 

C:  and they're very easily lost . 

C:  Um <other> the the controls themselves tend to use a very inconsistent colour scheme . 

C:  <other> The buttons should be large . 

C:  They should be easy to press , very comfortable . 

C:  so the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button , that's kinda confusing . 

B:  <other> I think it's yellow 

C:  any extra features we add beyond the basic ones should be m hidden , 

C:  <other> Um if we did decide to go for voice activation <other> there sh should always be a button as alternative , 

C:  Um <other> we should definitely avoid the big square block look . 

C:  <other> and they've said th the voice control um can now talk back if you ask it a question . 

C:  Um I don't know where the slogan should go , 

A:  Um like you said time to market was a problem , 

A:  So I guess three things , um cost , um complexity , and the size . 

A:  um I'm not very sure about the voice thing 'cause I got another email and it was in fact quite sketchy on what n the voice options are . 

A:  Okay so your basic components are buttons , 

A:  Okay um then there's um how the case actually looks . 

A:  Um I think plastic and rubber would be fine , 

A:  Um the rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use , 

A:  but you know it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one . 

A:  Um and the other components are logic chips , um again I'll I'll go back to the component chips . 

A:  Um I don't think the logic chip has a issue about size 'cause they should be about the same size . 

A:  um and the other thing is um the power options . 

A:  I think whatever it is you still need a battery 

A:  Okay the other ones are a solar powered cell , 

A:  Um and the kinetic one I guess for me is the most interesting one 

A:  you have  you had those balls , you know those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it and it lights up and it goes , 

A:  I guess that's more in the sense of  small and slim in terms of comfortable 

A:  um the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit . 

A:  The user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features , like the buttons are standard okay , the L_C_D_ panel and the scroll wheel you need more complicated logic . 

A:  titanium case can't be curved , it has to be square . 

A:  on the wood . 

D:  Can we get a strong enough battery to power a light ? 

A:  Um I think we could because the L_C_D_ panel requires power , 

D:  Well m I'm thinking along the lines of you're you're in the dark watching a D_V_D_ and you um you find the thing in the dark and you go like this , 

D:  and uh y you just touch it , or you just pick it up , and it lights up or something . 

B:  Like a phone yeah , like the backlight in a phone . 

D:  We're gonna need to put in a really good battery so people don't have to charge their r remote control every few days . 

A:  Um that's why I think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch , like an automatic watch 

D:  But are people gonna wanna shake their movie controller ? 

A:  um it's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it . 

C:  Um <other> I think we could go for like um  <other> maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape . 

B:  So something quite curvy ? 

B:  Um and when the corporate colour is yellow , 

B:  about how if you have a bright colour you'll not lose it so much . 

D:  So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion , then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize . 

B:  'Cause I I I was kinda thinking about as well  you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones , 

C:  I'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape . 

C:  So I reckon it'd look quite nice if we just had um this  here , had a sorta background yellow , 

B:  also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an L_C_D_ display , where would we put that ? 

B:  The fact that it talks to you , I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says , what is it , putting fashion into electronics or something , 

C:  I think that'd probably scare me . 

B:  Would we put that on the inside or  

A:  Do we need an L_C_D_ display ? 

B:  It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot , I would've thought . 

A:  what would we what would we achieve from it ? 

D:  And the th the thing I could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings . 

A:  I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it , 

B:  I would say no need for a talk-back . 

B:  um I mean do you wanna group them into s head of the snowman , body of the snowman , inside of the snowman , 

C:  Um <other> well I think the advanced ones the the ones you don't usually use could be hid inside . 

A:  Where would you physically position the buttons ? 

B:  Um energy what  do you think that's suggesting we're  how we're powering the thing ? 

D:  And this size here , I'd suggest this be small , like quite small . 

B:  I know we're gonna have like rubber buttons 

D:  um but we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech , rubber buttons plastic frame , 

D:  Okay so so backlighting , that would be good . 

A:  Um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable , 

B:  S so like cur slightly transparent case , so it's yellow , like tinted yellow , but you can maybe see through it . 

A:  Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse . 

A:  but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow , doesn't make it freaky . 

D:  Um and then the other thing that we we're s we've committed ourselves to achieving is simplicity , 

A:  The question is when you're rolling it , how do you wanna roll it ? 

A:  'Cause in a mouse your hand's in a position to roll it , 

A:  Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot . 

A:  and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that , 

A:  but not for channels right . 

B:  And the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing ? 

D:  and that we've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side , 

A:  That that might have one problem in terms of um in terms of whether you're left handed or you're right handed you might be locking yourself in . 

B:  the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes , 

B:  uh I know that the designers are gonna be working with Play-doh on that . 

D:  Yeah I think the jog dial , 

D:  what if it was flat and you just spun it , 

A:  a slide , because then you you don't have to put the hand . 

D:  and I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons , 'cause that'd just be so standard . 

D:  and also t plastic I've seen can get really textured , so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand . 

A:  Feel like fruit . 

