A:  Um alright first off we'll just uh recap from our last meeting . 

A:  Um yeah , we're gonna hear your uh th three little presentations , 

A:  o I'd like to hear who's g who's on the um from from uh Catherine actually first . 

B:  <other> Um so um for the energy sources we can have a basic battery , 

B:  You can have a kinetic provision of energy , 

B:  Or you can use solar cells , 

C:  Well , there's sometimes combinations , I mean , like calculators do combinations of battery with  but also using some solar power . 

B:  but I'm not sure about that indoors , really , but  

B:  And uh if we want something fancier , I think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice , 

B:  Think the the uh what would cost the less would be the basic battery , really . 

B:  <other> For the case of the remotes itself , um they can be a general case , which is just a flat one . 

B:  <other> Um then the case material itself , so it can be uh uh either plastic or latex , uh rubber , wood , or titanium . 

B:  But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything . 

A:  So that might be an idea of using the rubber , 

B:  And also it doesn't break as easily maybe , 

A:  Rubber , we're all we're all going  we're all liking that idea ? 

B:  so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels , like you have on a mouse , 

B:  Um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons . 

C:  Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double  rubber double curved case ? <laugh> 

A:  Let's have rubber push buttons , hey . 

B:  Um so the push-buttons themselves they can be just simple or they can be  

B:  If we get an advanced chip which is um used for the L_C_D_ , the display thing , then that's even more expensive . 

A:  <other> is uh , okay , advanced chip on print , which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender ? 

B:  Well , if if it's not chip on print then , I guess , you get different chip components , and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red . 

A:  If it's something that's inside the the unit . <other> I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not . 

A:  So let's not let's uh not bother with the chip on print . 

D:  What about the just developed uh sample sensor ? 

A:  Well , what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit ? 

B:  I'm just guessing . But it's gonna be the most expensive option , probably and  

C:  it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like , turn the T_V_ on , and i turns  comes on , 

C:  a it just gives you a verbal response . 

D:  Oh , then  forget about it . 

C:  so we want it rub rubber double curved . <laugh> 

A:  But the fact that this this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific  

C:  Okay , so I'm continuing with the user interface uh topic . 

C:  Uh and so the manufacturing division uh sent some some samples of of uh interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products , uh like the coffee machine . 

C:  they they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod . 

C:  So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface . 

C:  but they suggested uh , you know , going i a little bit into a a niche , 

C:  but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general , but done well . 

C:  I can give you an example here of uh ,  good layout and bad layout 

C:  So this would be an example of bad layout , 

C:  Uh this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose . 

C:  Uh so I was against the speech recognition and against going uh towards anything in in a niche sense . 

C:  I didn't I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the uh L_C_ display were were crucial for us . 

C:  So we're  we're not gonna have any sort of display I think uh . 

C:  I think we shall have a limited number of buttons , 

C:  it will either have a a lock button like we mentioned or or a cover or something like that . 

C:  Um it seems like we wouldn't wanna make it too busy and too sort of gaudy , 

C:  Yeah , I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere , 

C:  I I guess <other> the fact uh also that we are having a rubber case uh would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before . 

D:  Well , I'm just basically letting you know what's happening in the markets 

D:  So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already  that we already have . 

D:  <other> Um second , uh it should be technologically innovative innovative . 

A:  now the trouble is is we've already decided that we're going with the stuff that works already , that's cheap . 

C:  I mean it's different , but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy . 

D:  That's why I was thinking , Bluetooth , 

D:  'cause Bluetooth is the in thing nowadays , like it really is <laugh> , 

D:  they don't really care whether , you know , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not . 

A:  Of course , they do . 

C:  So is is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other 

A:  that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it , which no no television does , 

D:  Well , if you're looking at <other>  if you  looking at something that's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art . 

D:  Like it doesn't have to be , you know , Bluetooth , 

D:  If we want something new , we need to move away from what we already have 

A:  Okay . <other> Yeah , this  that's that's very good . 

B:  Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then . 

C:  Yeah , we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the be the generating  like the energy generator . 

D:  Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . 

C:  Okay , so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a uh and an avocado key on them . 

A:  right , we're gonna go go back to um going with the kinetic thing , 

D:  and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy , 

A:  Yeah , we're we're ahead of the game there . 

A:  and um I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though . 

D:  Maybe make it like fruity colours or something . 

C:  The power button could be like a big apple or something . 

D:  Um like I'm just thinking bright colours . 

D:  Wanna make it different colours so <other> anybody can choo like like   

A:  so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the  

C:  where , you know , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it , even , you know , just just by the fact of choosing . 

A:  from you Catherine wi your y y you know you're gonna be working on the the look and feel design . 

A:  come up ki you know , be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some some i some physical ideas . 

A:  Um and I think you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay . 

A:  Um and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation . 

A:  We'll look into this lock key 

