B:  We've got a cool prototype . 

C:  everything uh that we wanted 

B:  Double curved . 

C:  um but also something that was gonna jump out at people , 

C:  So uh I think if you put this in the palm of your hand , you'll see what a nice thing we have going here . 

C:  Um and then then you can also  there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want . 

C:  but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different . 

A:  That certainly does . 

A:  I have one thing about it , but it's a small thing , 

D:  like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? 

B:  Yeah , I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer <other> for the whole  the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . 

D:  I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so  

B:  But we can have both uh  

D:  Have them in stock . 

A:  I think it's , well , if the R_R_ motto is , we bring fashion to to electronics , I'd say that could be quite fashionable . 

C:  And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue . 

A:  One thing I do need to do  we need to look at , is the costs . 

A:  I could do  you know , I can do this o on my own or I could do it with you , 

A:  So  the case , we've gone for the double curved . 

A:  and it's made out of rubber . 

A:  well they're in diff special colours , 

A:  Special form , 

D:  We're under budget . 

A:  That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make . 

D:  so we evaluate each criteria . 

D:  And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven , 

D:  So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ? 

A:  I would give it a seven . 

D:  As in it's not . 

A:  Oh sorry , one , d yeah . 

D:  Second criteria , new technology . 

B:  Well , the kinetic thing , yeah . 

C:  w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new . 

C:  Maybe three , yeah . 

D:  So criteria three is is it easy to use ? 

A:  not if you're left-handed it's not . 

C:  If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one , but otherwise otherwise a two . 

D:  <other> 'Kay , criteria four is costs .  

A:  It's come in under budget . 

D:  R_S_I_ is it good against ? 

D:  does it get lost ? 

A:  I don't think it's gonna get lost easily . 

D:  But it is smallish . 

A:  I mean , you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but  

B:  <laugh> We've , we've done well . 

D:  So that's the evaluation , 

D:  Number one product . 

A:  Okay , I I think um I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it , 

C:  during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion , 

A:  um and then come together and worked in , you know , integrally , you know , at the right times , 

A:  and be you know , has been good communication going on . <other> 

C:  Now you guys have been a a great team . 

A:  and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new , something that hasn't been done before , 

A:  I think when this meeting's finished like officially , there b we'll get a uh questionnaire to fill in . 

C:  I mean , since we saved on the on the production cost , do we know how much we're making on profit ? 

C:  I think actually  and one advantage of of this is that after the uh , you know , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote , you know . 

A:  Um how does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this ? 

D:  I love it . <laugh> I love it . <laugh> I think it's cool . 

A:  Um , but a p a pen with a camera on it , I don't think it's such a new thing . 

A:  It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff , but as it's not  

C:  I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it's just the first step . 

