A:  Good morning everybody . 

A:  Um I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us , for our kick-off meeting . 

A:  Um we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about , 

A:  Um so we're gonna divide us up into three <other> compa three parts . 

A:  Um we're gonna do a little tool training , 

A:  and then draw your favourite animal 

B:  My name is Alima Bucciantini . 

B:  and I guess I'm the Industrial Designer on this project . 

B:  I will draw a little turtle for you all . 

C:  my name is Iain uh 

C:  It's a whale <laugh> , yes . 

D:  I'm Jessy . 

D:  Briefly , it's supposed to be a seal . 

A:  We're gonna talk about project finances . 

A:  we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales 

A:  Um in order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro . 

A:  just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project um , I could  I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls , 

A:  what would be the best um like you  what are the features that you really like 

D:  Um I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the T_V_ 

D:  'cause I feel like you end up with multimedia overload . 

C:  especially , like you know if I'm watching T_V_ I have have to have three separate remote controls of  in front of me , you know , one for the T_V_ , one for the digital box , one for m the video recorder as well . Um . 

C:  uh too too sort of too sort of complicated 

C:  they've got too many buttons on them 

B:  and that there's not too many buttons , 

D:  like are there some remotes that don don't require like batteries 

A:  but it's possible we could use like a lithium battery 

A:  it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes . 

B:  doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder 

B:  but that just has your major buttons for  that work for everything , you know volume control , on , off , 

D:  so it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the T_V_ on that's , you know , like the top thing on the remote , I dunno if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it , but if it's like all the T_V_ stuff was here , 

B:  and if um if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day . 

C:  would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it ? 

C:  are we designing a remote control for a television only 

C:  Um or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it ? 

A:  <other> I'll look into that . 

B:  I guess we have to define what what we're aiming for . 

B:  If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye , it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it . 

A:  Um now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes . 

A:  Um the industrial design , Alima will be doing um the working design . 

A:  And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach . 

C:  What we're gonna be discussing at the next meeting ? 

A:  I haven't gotten an agenda yet , 

C:  Can you e-mail your slides as well ? 

A:  Yes , I yes , I think I can . 

A:  I'll just attach it to an email . 

A:  Just make sure you keep checking the company web site and the emails . <other> 

A:  I'll type up mi minutes 

A:  so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things . 

