A:  I'm just gonna go over real quickly um some news I've just got from the board on how we're supposed to do with this um <other> remote control . 

A:  what I've just found out from the board 

A:  but it needs to be television only . 

A:  we're not doing D_V_D_ , 

A:  Um it also needs to have the company colours included in it . 

A:  that's red and black . 

A:  so we don't wanna include that um in this particular design . 

A:  but it's the board so there you go . 

A:  given those guidelines which will have some effect on how we design 

A:  I'm gonna turn over to the Industrial Designer uh to go ahead and make a presentation 

B:  We're gonna have to understand how remote controls work and res uh successfully complete this project . 

B:  Um sends message to another system , 

B:  there's an energy source involved in that like a battery or solar power , something along those lines , 

B:  and usually the way a a remote control works is it sends infrared bits to another system . 

B:  and uh I found that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands . 

B:  and there's also the possibility of the remote catching on fire 

B:  just think of those lawsuits , that'd be really bad . 

B:  since we can't use metal 

B:  Um , the sender well I'm thinking infrared 

B:  Uh PAL and N_T_S_C_ compatible 

B:  Um personal preferences , 

B:  which adm admittedly is gonna come at the cost of a certain aesthetic value , 

A:  <other> Is is there a way that we can use um modern types of polymers , or mo modern types of plastics 

A:  on the lapt on these laptops and other ones they use a a pretty nice , 

B:  Yeah that shouldn't be a problem . 

A:  <other> Um if next we can have the um User Interface Developer go ahead and make a brief presentation that'd be great as well . 

C:  Here we have a uh my technical functions design presentation . 

C:  Uh we n basically need to operate an electronic device , 

C:  Um basically wanna send messages uh to a television set . 

C:  some of the other things I found is a a complicated remote control 

C:  but it uh it is quite complicated 

C:  Um . Another remote control , slightly different , 

C:  my personal preferences . 

C:  Um . Just incorporating some of the ideas that we had previously like uh having multiple face 

D:  I was looking through some marketing reports that we've got 

D:  the majority of the time that's all that's going on , 

D:  for some people they're important , 

D:  the other functions happen , 

D:  but the primary uses are really really basic . 

D:  they even find it frustrating when there are all those buttons that they don't know what to do with . 

D:  but it is s something worth thinking about , 

D:  Um but basically it really is the primary functions and getting it to look nice , which are 

A:  I think we've covered most of these important questions through this um <other> through you guys's presentations 

A:  if we're gonna go for a sleek look I mean we are putting the fashion in electronics <cough> um . <laugh> 

D:  <other> We're not catering to the pensioners of the world I don't think so . 

A:  So maybe this  we should look into this younger demographic . 

A:  <other> uh we need to wonder ah h about how we make it better and smaller and faster 

A:  we've got this idea , Ron was saying we need to think about uh revolutionising the way it's looking um , 

A:  this voice operation thing is  I think is a good idea um assuming that it's doable , um at least for the basic controls , 

A:  you can't say record alias tonight at seven P_M_ 

B:  I think it would be possible to uh combine the locator device and the voice recognition technology . 

A:  The difficulty wh would be in um I think like i you couldn't speak into the remote that you're trying to find . 

A:  but then again you have this wee  this wee thing you know that's just a little chip or whatever that has the page button , maybe that could be voice activated too . 

C:  A little sticky pad to stick on top of your uh television . 

A:  but  yeah I like that , I like that , the voice recognition for the paging system . 

C:  <cough> The other thing is we might be able to handle the simplicity of a remote control and kind of put the more complicated things into a voice control . 

C:  and might consider the older market could use the simpler design with the traditional buttons and what not . 

D:  Are we still thinking about this screen  

D:  if we're gonna do this touch pad screen thing , it would be still , do we know if that's an option technically right now to that ? 

C:  I've looked into uh costs of uh touch screen methods and what not , 

D:  especially because then you could have like your primary screen just be these you know four or five basic functions , 

C:  'S definitely an option technically . 

D:  menu options or something to have all these other complicated voice recognition , settings , things 

B:  Gotta wonder though , if we're adding so much technology to this one remote , are we still gonna be able to meet out twelve pou our twelve fifty Euro you know goal for selling these things . 

A:  I guess we'll cross that bridge um in a la slightly later stages of development 

A:  I'm seeing that we're gonna just basically focus on this young demographic group , aim it at them , 

A:  but basically we'll make a sleek simple functioned um uh remote control . 

A:  I guess we've c we've touched on most of this . The idea of a paging function , a touch screen , and face plates . Um . 

A:  we'd have to maybe sacrifice the face plates for a touch screen ? 

C:  I think if you kind of take the example of a mobile phone that uh trying to pass a portion of the device is not interchangeable whereas the surrounding portions are interchangeable . 

B:  <other> We have to ask whether we're going to include a certain number of face plates with the package ? 

B:  Off the top of my head it sounds kind of like a gimmick that wouldn't really go anywhere . 

D:  in the publicity of a face plate on a phone is you have it out and around , 

D:  whereas you're just sit at home , 

A:  we can  we can discuss that one further when we think about um whether th when we do costs and so forth , um . 

A:  but yeah we will have to evaluate what's most important . 

C:  have we confirmed that we're gonna go ahead with a uh touch screen um  

A:  Yeah I think that would be best . 

A:  based on what sh on what you guys have all said to me let's go for a plastic built or uh b plastic cased 

A:  try to look for some kind of high quality recycled plastic 

A:  With a touch screen for the basic functions . <other> Um  

A:  let's provisionally  let's go for a touch screen one with several submenus um for possible extra stuff 

A:  basically put the channel and the on and off switch on the touch screen . 

A:  it occurs to me that if we have a touch screen people are going to have to recharge their remote controls . 

D:  'Cause it would have a docking base ? 

A:  But then again that costs as well . 

C:  these new lithium batteries they last twenty years <other> even with the touch screen ? 

A:  I can't see anybody buying a lap a remote control that they have to plug in 

A:  if not we can always default to just doing a a well presented plastic simple 

A:  Um <other> it's th uh with this voice recognition option as well um just as for the simple functions the um the on off , channels , volume , um 

A:  Even if you can't do voice recognition for the paging you know just some kind of simple button 

A:  to emit some kind of paging . Just a beep . 

B:  Since we're doing uh touch screen , do we wanna look into the possibility of people being able to input different types of skins for the you know the actual interface part of it and things like that ? 

A:  it's my understanding that if you were going to do a skin you'd need to have some way for people to download or import skins into the remote control . 

B:  Think we just need to come up with a nice black and red interface on the touch screen . 

D:  it'll have your your carrier provider name come up first like while it's loading 

C:  I'm wondering how we're gonna get uh we put fashion into electronics onto this device . 

D:  Comes on every time you turn it on and then that's it 

A:  it seems like it would suffice to have just the R_R_ on there . 

B:  People aren't gonna want their remote to boot up and to see flashing things come on . 

A:  But then again who wants to turn on a remote control . 

C:  all you have to do is touch the screen 

A:  or go into like a dormant mode . 

A:  I'm gonna save th a copy of this in case you guys need any reminders . 

A:  and the minutes that I'll do it in a second 

C:  I've put my files in the shared folder as well . 

