A:  this meeting will be about the conceptual design , 

A:  Um , think of it  's kind of uh turning the abstract into slightly more concrete . 

A:  apologies for the last meeting , 

A:  basically all we're gonna do is have some presentations again much like last time , 

A:  um and we'll collate what we know about um what we discussed in the last meeting , possible directions . 

B:  basically what I'm gonna have to talk to you about today is um component design 

B:  Basically what I'm gonna be doing is talking to you about that . 

B:  Energy source , um , our manufacturer offers a variety of energy sources , your standard battery , solar cells . 

B:  if we do go that route , we might have to look elsewhere . 

B:  but I don't know whether that would be powerful enough to illuminate a touch screen . 

B:  Um , the case , we have a few options , plastic , rubber or wood . 

A:  What kind of th thickness are we looking at ? 

B:  Um , I imagine that we could specify . 

B:  Um , the buttons , there are multiple scroll buttons available from our manufacturer , 

B:  And if we do go with the rubber doubled curved case um we'll have to use rubber push buttons 

B:  touch screen equals many chips 

B:  Uh one thing that I thought might be interesting 

A:  is there an option that we can have that off or on 

B:  I am sure that we could do that . 

B:  just as a fun gimmick . 

B:  Um , and then on to the circuit board that we're gonna use , also known as the chip . 

B:  we're very limited by what our current manufacturers can offer , 

D:  I'd say shop around 

B:  Um , if we do go the lithium battery route then we'll have to go outside our current manufacturer . 

B:  uh I think we should probably go the solar battery route , 

B:  and uh I was thinking about  I was thinking of ways that we could produce the remote in a variety of different case materials to suit different tastes . 

D:  Um , basically I was looking at what's going on in the remote control market right now 

D:  um  that we need innovative design options 

D:  Different skin options , 

D:  and th apparently the feel of the next couple of years is spongy , 

D:  though if we can get around to getting piloting , I thought maybe a casing option like uh 

B:  As far as the rubber that we can use  we can use a rubber as part of the case , 

D:  I think perhaps the double curve thing and maybe this rubber option is our best way to go for right now . 

D:  but then if the touch screen thing isn't gonna work out for us that's really a non-issue . 

B:  I like the idea of of rubber too 

D:  I think that goes against the whole fancy something , a new line , 

C:  interface concept by your faithful user interface designer . 

C:  the following are a bunch of different uh interface uh concepts . 

C:  current voice recognition starts up to about eighty speech samples , 

C:  our design team , research team , has been able to uh set up a system 

C:  Um , another concept is what uh Apple has come up with , the spinning wheel with uh L_C_ display like on the uh iPod 

C:  Um and then we have the scroll button with integrated push-button , kind of like a modern  a bit bulky , a bit crazy , 

C:  so I  I mean my ideas here and kind of where I think we're heading is something slightly larger than a regular iPod uh with a hard cla c uh plastic casing 

C:  Uh changeable casings uh  our design team was possibly talking about including one extra face plate with the package 

C:  Uh touch screen interface , um possibly having go-to buttons being uh stuck into the system 

C:  red for power , um arrows for different volume ups and downs and channels ups and downs and what not . 

A:  Now we kind of have to come to some decisions , 

A:  Based on what Nathan presented as far as the um <other> various costs and benefits um I think , I dunno , what do you guys think about the touch screen at this point ? 

D:  I think it's our most marketable feature 

A:  and all three of us can have a chat about it . Um . 

D:  But can we really afford it 

B:  My estimate is that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it's gonna cost us upwards of seventeen fifty Euro per remote , 

B:  that's just an estimate though . 

A:  it's just , it is a question of  and how much ca o does that mean we're gonna have to increase the price to make money . 

C:  Where do you guys come up with these numbers ? 

B:  That's just off the top of my head , 

D:  I mean if you're gonna pay for an expensive high class remote , you're gonna expect it to do something  

A:  we could probably maybe shrink the profit margins 

D:  and we can look into this other manufacturing option , 

A:  let's let's say that okay so the touch screen will be our <other> um <other> our main selling point here . 

C:  I mean I think that we really have two main selling points , 

D:  'cause with voice recognition  

C:  I think that our casing and the voice recognition  

A:  I mean , <other> if if we're looking at bottom line , now we're looking at upping the cost to seventeen to get the touch screen on , 

D:  I think we'd have to decide between 'em definitely . 

C:  To be honest , we have the capa we have the design in-house , 

A:  What do you think on it Nathan ? About the voice rec ? 

B:  I think if we  we do both the  obviously production costs are going to go way up 

C:  I mean we we have to r reflect back on what our market research did say . 

D:  and they said they wanted voice recognition . 

C:  Does having both really up our costs ? 

A:  <other> I can't see how it wouldn't , 

A:  so we have to pick between one of the two . Um . 

D:  we already have research backing voice recognition as you know fiscally solvent . 

B:  I think the voice recognition is simpler , 

A:  Is it cheaper to do the V_R_ or to do the uh touch screen ? 

B:  Um , this is just off the top of my head keep in mind , 

B:  but um , since we already have the technology in-house for the voice recognition 

A:  more or less you guys think that o o of the two of 'em , the voice recognition will be better . 

A:  We will omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition . 

A:  You discussed either a lithium or a solar power . 

B:  Um , the solar power definitely would be 

B:  we should install a small backup battery . 

D:  we can't guarantee sunlight everywhere 

B:  it works about the same as a solar powered calculator , 

C:  I'm willing to agree with everything that's been said . 

C:  If we're really not uh handling the remote control to a great extent we could possibly get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control 

B:  Why , why moving away from hand-held , why ? 

C:  if you don't need to pick it up it could kind of be a selling point . 

D:  if it's got voice recognition it can be technically anywhere in your room and still do its job . 

B:  Do you think people that are  people that buy a remote , are they always gonna wanna use the voice recognition 

D:  I think we're banking on selling it to more than just voice recognition people , 

A:  we have to have buttons on it too as well . 

A:  I mean , why not have a little rounded kind of thing , 

A:  And maybe a menu button and so forth , 

A:  use a channel button to scroll through the menu d if they want to record programmes or whatever 

B:  because we need to escape the traditional shape of a remote . 

D:  I'm thinking of the airport portal , 

A:  I'm recalling that she mentioned that we n need to get away from the surgical white kind of brushed aluminium thing 

A:  but you could have a very tasteful um wood coloured or earth tone kind of um  

D:  Terracotta bowl or something . <laugh> 

A:  And the uh the material like the plastics and so forth , we were discussing that being uh  using like a rubber kind of softer feel , 

A:  if you feel the the tip on this pen it's a bit  gives just a bit . 

A:  something where it's uh a a more advanced f form of plastic that has some kind of a tactile response to it . 

B:  Just kind of the squishy feel . 

A:  let's see if we can do a squishy non-remote control-looking remote control . 

A:  <other> um . I guess we'll a that's gonna be uh a thing , if we run a bit over-budget , that might be okay , um . 

B:  Sorry about the uh lack of information on cost , 

A:  we're more or less in agreement that we want to have a um <other> a simple kind of function , you know , not too complex . 

D:  although I'm not saying we should completely rule out major functions , 

A:  Like maybe have menu things . 

B:  If , if we're not going the touch-screen route then we can um just incorporate maybe something that folds out 

B:  and something that slides down to reveal the you know more complicated things . 

A:  we could do a slide or a compartment , 

A:  Or you know , a b a b a a series of you know three or four buttons with a menu button and then a side an s up and down type of thing , like on um  like on a D_V_D_ player . 

B:  we need to figure out what kind of buttons we're going to use , 

A:  it seems to me that we could just do the um  stick with the rubber 

A:  'cause since we're probably gonna be using some kind of um <other> rubber for the outside case 

C:  I think to a certain extent we have to stick with uh kind of uh a little bit traditional in terms of the buttons 

B:  have we decided that we are gonna go with different style cases for different people ? 

B:  because you have different cases 

B:  but obviously having more cases also costs more 

A:  you could have uh a , you know , a um uh kind of a natural wood colour , like a stained wood and um , I don't know , olive green or something . 

A:  let's work on <other> uh multiple case colours . 

A:  stick with the same kind of kinda  yeah , the same basic non-remote kind of remote design . 

A:  we'll have the next meeting about half an hour , um . 

A:  Nathan , I'd like you to work on just the basic look and feel , 

A:  Um , what are our broad constraints before we deve design a prototype . <other> 

A:  Um , and if you can check product evaluation with m some pilots and stuff . 

