A:  This is the functional design meeting . 

A:  Okay , here's the agenda for the meeting . 

A:  First we need to determine the user requirements 

A:  First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting . 

A:  And then we're going to determine the technical functions , what is the effect of the apparatus , 

A:  And then lastly we're going to determine its working design , how exactly will it perform its functions , 

C:  the function <other> of a remote control , as what uh we've been informed , is basically to send messages to the television set , 

C:  whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen , things like that , all the more complicated functions of menus . 

C:  And then on the right , it's a lot more simpler , 

C:  And then lastly , it's just the questions that we want to consider 

A:  Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements . 

D:  okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab , 

D:  Seventy five percent think they're ugly . 

D:  And we need we need it to be simple , yet it needs to be high-tech looking . So  

A:  What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user , like they have to press the buttons . 

D:  I I think it's like the engineering versus user , 

D:  and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there , because they only use ten percent of the buttons really . 

D:  <other> And so people say that they typically lose it , 

D:  and R_S_I_ , I'm not very sure what that is . 

B:  Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is ? 

D:  Uh yeah , that's what my web site said , 

D:  I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly . 

D:  And also we found  our team found that speech recognition is  it's like an up-and-coming thing 

A:  <other> Didn't they  um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would  the remote would beep so if you have lost it  

A:  We could definitely include that if we wanted to . 

B:  'Kay . Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one , 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating . 

B:  We need a power source , we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional . 

B:  Um power source , I figured , batteries , 

B:  so a large on-off button would probably be good . 

B:  Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness , 

C:  but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . 

D:  Like that we know the battery's working . 

D:  We should make it glow in the dark . <laugh> 

C:  Well , should it be larger buttons in general , 

D:  I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles . 

A:  New product requirements . 

A:  so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . 

A:  But it's becoming out-dated now , because of the Internet . 

A:  Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news , 

A:  Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? 

A:  so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range  

D:  we we need a like homing device . 

B:  and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you . 

B:  And on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger , 

C:  Well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery . 

B:  Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually . 

C:  If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic . 

D:  It's really the people twenty five to thirty five . 

A:   and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . 

A:  And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . 

A:  We could just have the logo in yellow , 

A:  The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , 

A:  or maybe a yellow light for the keys . 

C:  If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom  the base of it , just like yellow with the R_R_ . 

A:  So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . 

C:  Well , do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine ? 

D:  Well , we definitely need those . 

A:  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , 

D:  Yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those 

D:  or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ? 

A:  I think that that's fine just for the T_V_ . 

C:  you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons . 

C:  So we just have it like  add a menu button then for the various things needed , 

