A:  Um , I'll just review what we did in our last meeting . 

A:  Um , then we considered some design options with how it should look , 

B:  So I've been looking at the components design . 

B:  Um , so we need some custom design parts , and other parts we'll just use standard . 

B:  And we'll need to custom desi design a circuit board , 

B:  Um , standard parts include the buttons and the wheels , um the iPod-style wheel . 

B:  And al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote . 

B:  Um , we can use rubber , plastic , wood or titanium . 

B:  Um , and the rubber case requires rubber buttons , so if we definitely want plastic buttons , we shouldn't have a rubber case . 

B:  <laugh> Uh , well we can use wood . 

D:  Um , can I do next ? 'Cause I have to say something about the material 

D:  and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion uh , fancy look and feel . 

D:  Um , our fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris have decided , well noticed , that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the <laugh> is the current trend 

D:  So we want to put the fashion electronics , we need to go fruit and vegetables . 

D:  I don't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that's the way to go . 

D:  should we print the fruit stuff , or should the actual remote look like a fruit ? 

C:  we're gonna try to talk about , um <other> what kind of uh  how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control , based on fruit vegetable design . 

C:  I mean I assume , are we still on the screen idea ? 

C:  it seems like you would need a screen . 

D:  But the screen can come up on the telly , the  she said . 

C:  Okay so if we're not gonna have a screen  I think  

C:  So basically it's just gonna be a wheel then ? 

C:  I guess that's wh why I was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen 

C:  So that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if  

C:  I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the T_V_ like what channel you're on . 

C:  I mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of , you know , range we need to have on the wheel , 

C:  And then there's also the concern about you know um <other> how do you get to the menu if you wanna change the brightness of your television , 

B:  You have to get a  an advanced chip if you wanna have a screen in , 

C:  that , like , then you hit that and then you can  it brings up like the menu on the T_V_ 

C:  Yeah , well we don't want the screen I guess , 

A:  I mean , if you're thinking of the design of it now , like the a you know , physical attributes , 

A:  I mean are you you gonna have any buttons on that besides power and this thing ? 

A:  So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before . 

C:  Like , I think we're looking at something that could be , like like even maybe like a cir I'm f I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing . 

B:  W when we had the wheely remote control , we  it was on the top I think , if you held it like that . 

A:  What if , um , you had like a b a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much ? 

A:  So I guess we have to look into the , um , like , the programming , how this  how they actually programme these things , and if that's  

B:  Oh how they make the menu show up on the T_V_ ? 

B:  I believe it's ins it's gotta be inside the T_V_ , not inside the remote . 

D:  But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out , 

D:  What are we going to do about this vegetable thing that I'm dreading ? <laugh> 

B:  one of the material options is a sort of rubber that's  in like those stress ball things . 

C:  But what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda  

D:  um you could just have covers and then your mobile f it's like a mobile phone thing . 

B:  You could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits . 

A:  If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand , 

A:  and then there's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is . 

D:  see you're thinking , it's weird , you're thinking the opposite of me 

D:  Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit , 

C:  oh so so you're saying the squishy part's like detachable , 

C:  so so maybe one you know  you can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing <laugh> 

D:  and for now we can do two prototypes maybe 

C:  So where are the fruit and vegetables now ? 

B:  I guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front , or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath . 

A:  we we should have the logo somewhere on it . 

B:  I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case . 

B:  Uh we actually had an option of batteries , solar power , and um a dynamo , 

D:  Oh , a dynamo is  ah , <clicks fingers> it's a bicycle . It's a bicycle mechanism . 

B:  Yeah , the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself . 

D:  No . But dynamo  the the fact with dynamo is , the moment you move it , it c it <other> creates energy on its own . 

D:  So if you throw it , it's gonna store loads of energy , and you don't need to buy a battery 'cause they're quite f I find them annoying . 

D:  Does anyone have costs on the on the web ? 

B:  All it said was it gave sort of relative , some chips are more expensive than others , sort of things . 

B:  Like the chip is probably the most expensive part . 

A:  Oh when we move on , you two are going to be playing with play-dough . 

