A:  w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control . 

A:  taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh <other> uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand 

A:  uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company . 

A:  um <other> I'll just go round th the table , 

A:  ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want , 

A:  if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background 

A:  in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly 

D:  my name's Andrew 

C:  <other> I'm Kendra 

B:  <laugh> Uh I'm Katie , 

A:  because the the whole idea is that it's a um you know a think tank . 

A:  uh and we don't want to be constrained by uh kind of convention or uh uh slides on screens or or anything else 

A:  I don't want to make this meeting too structured 

A:  um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do . 

A:  um and that goes along with being trendy , uh uh you know the I want it uh scenario . 

A:  And last but not least , or indeed first of all , it it must make the company money , 

A:  The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design , uh what it uh what it must actually do , 

A:  everybody knows what whiteboard is 

D:  Um , badger . <other> 

C:  <laugh> Um probably a duck 

B:  Uh 's horses , 

A:  I think homo sapien 

A:  and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh  we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um , 

A:  would anybody like t like to to start by giving their o um sort of quick views of of current remote controls . 

C:  I think  I find a lot of them really complicated to use with all the different buttons 

C:  so I think it's is best when they're clearly labelled 

A:  Or anybody else , strong feelings about remote controls ? 

B:  Um  <laugh> I think it's important that you should be able to  when you when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere 

D:  Think a lot of the time , remotes that come with T_V_ players and  T_V_s and D_V_ players , like they aren't 

D:  they're very boring , 

D:  making a a stylish remote control would be a very like  

A:  I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control , 

C:  I think something that's comfortable to hold 

C:  so something that's more comfortable 

D:  that instead of being raised out of the device uh you push into device you see , like a mouse button . 

D:   remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it 

D:  whereas if you want   

A:  I mean <other> the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room um you need to be able to uh 

C:  But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them  be kind of down 

A:  must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons , 

A:  I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all . 

A:  Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something 

D:  we could have parallel marketing s schemes 

D:  it's it's like uh it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device , 

D:  I think it's  this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room 

B:  They they just need to be very very dependable 

B:  it needs to be very effective , very  always dependable . Uh 

B:  but also if you make it too small kinda like you know how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller um , it's just gonna end up under a couch cushion somewhere and um yeah . 

C:  most  I think most of the remote controls now are either just black or grey , 

C:  I was just thinking of um <other> what they're doing with mobile phones now 

C:  I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that , 

C:  so people can get different different things . 

A:  Again I don't think that's ever been done before , 

D:  but uh <other> maybe thinking of that , it's  considering the nature of the device , maybe a second thing  like a second campaign to market new facials for your  to your  might go a bit astray 

D:  since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one 

B:  you could come up with like novelty ones , 

A:  I think we've got um a good idea now . 

A:  Needs to be k uh wrapped up fairly quickly . 

A:  we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail . 

