B:  my name's Adam Duguid , 

C:  Ebenezer Ademesoye . 

C:  I'm the Marketing Expert . 

D:  Tarik Rahman . T_A_R_I_K_ . 

A:  Uh , Dave Cochrane . 

B:  And you're going to be the User Interface , 

B:  This is the agenda for today's meeting . As you can see , w opening , acquaintance , tool training , project plan discussion , and closing . 

B:  the reason we're here , we're gonna design a new remote control , 

B:  The very broad overview is original , trendy , and user-friendly . 

B:  We're gonna have the three kay phases , 

B:  the functional , architectural , and the detailed design . Um  

B:  Ebenezer , you wanna have a  you wanna draw your favourite animal <laugh> ? 

C:  <other> Here we have an elephant . 

B:  Tarik , would you like to have a shot at a bit of artistry ? 

D:  Uh , here we have a tiger . Uh  

B:  Dave , if you'd like to uh have a dash . 

A:  Um  <other> Um , the monkey , um . 

B:  but uh cats are one of my favourite animals , 

B:  Project finance . As you can see , twelve point five Euros per unit . 

B:  and we're hoping to sell them for twenty five . 

C:  that was profiting , 

B:  Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market ? 

A:  one thing I'm aware of is , th there uh um at the sort of v very high price end of the market there's there's a em emerging market for sort of touch screen L_C_D_ remotes 

A:  Um b it occurs to me there might be a niche for uh for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality but using a just conventional push button design . 

B:  with the price range we're looking at , going for a touch screen would probably be possibly out of our  

A:  Absolutely prohibitive , 

B:  But you think uh again something to control multiple units in uh a simple fashion . 

A:  I mean you get ones that you can switch between multiple units , 

A:  and ideally something into which it would have some at least limited facility for <other> um running macros . 

B:  Would the the idea something along the lines of , one on button would turn on say the video recorder , the T_V_ , maybe the sound system as well , all in one go , is that kind of  

A:  you pr uh you press uh say the play button for the D_V_D_ player and it turns the T_V_ on and onto the right channel as well , um 

C:  um I've noticed that uh gaming c is becoming quite popular with television , 

C:  we used to e play games using our cable , using the cable subscribed the cable providers , 

B:  I've seen the bar-code design before , 

C:  Instead of people entering in what time things start , you simply stri slide a bar to say what time it begins , 

C:  and <other> the remote control was not a great kind of keyboar , um keypad , for playing games . 

C:  I think for gaming , you know you want you want some big buttons for up , down , left and right , shoot . 

C:  Uh , you wanna be able to change angles in interactive television , 

B:  so <other> we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality , 

B:  that'll be a key aspect especially if the idea of um some kind of macros facility 

D:  do you think they should have some sort of stick on it , rather than buttons ? 

B:  and that could allow n easy navigation , used as a joystick as well . 

A:  Mm-hmm . The other key feature that uh that would be a good idea built into it is t is is to make something you know fairly sort of ergonomic , 

B:  um , how the user interface might work , 

A:  something that just fits <other> fits as comfortably as possible into the hand . 

B:  small , stylish , and something that's just a little different . 

A:  Something sort of sort of sl slightly sort of biomorphic in form , 

B:  I'll write up what we've um kind of quickly done , 

