A:  welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group . 

A:  we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour . 

A:  Um should have interchangeable fascias 

A:  um illuminated 

A:  Um and that people might want it as as  in addition to their existing remote controls . 

A:  And that it shouldn't be too small , 

A:  I'll shortly ask for for three three presentations . 

A:  Um the uh the ma the management has had it's own thoughts on this 

A:  the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet . 

A:  what is not q quite clear from their directive is 

A:  Um <other> the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours . 

A:  this doesn't <other> necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market . 

A:  Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly , 

A:  but uh um we we need to talk that through . 

D:  these are functionality requirements from the  our our guys down in the the research lab . 

D:  Uh along with um looking less ugly , if it looks better , eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it . 

D:  Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user . 

D:  I kinda take that to mean as um <other> they they don't uh  they , yeah , they only use  they only work for the television 

D:  as in in my flat I've got six remote controls for a stereo system , a digital box , a D_V_D_ player , a video player and T_V_ . 

D:  Uh again , seventy five percent is  seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot . 

D:  fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons , 

D:  we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext , 

D:  So I think maybe fewer buttons , 

D:  frustrations of like people losing remote control . 

D:  maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the T_V_ 

D:  it would have to incorporate  , but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control . 

D:  the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is  

D:  And uh repetitive strain injury , 

D:  like I was saying about the whole mice  the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable . 

D:  It also asked um if we would  if people would pay more for speech recognition 

A:  I must say that um the uh  I c can't remember what <other> um f you know phone service I was using the other day , 

D:  And uh <laugh> it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you  <laugh> 

D:  possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design . 

D:  I've got some other things 

D:  Uh functionality , uh like people's opinions on functionality , the relevance to the remote and how often they're used . 

D:  like the power . Using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on T_V_ is a high relevance of nine , 

D:  Whereas channel selection , which is very high relevance 

D:  I was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use . 

D:  And keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily  

C:  uh I was just gonna say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use ? 

C:  you could have the most <other> used buttons on top 

D:  like the one that like slides back 

A:  If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all um <other> remove them altogether . 

A:  I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition , 

A:  what we didn't have was what proportion of people using remotes were in those particular age groups . 

A:  Forty  no sorry  for forty five to fifty five age group , uh to put myself right in the middle of it , um u use remote controls to a great extent . 

A:  again , we don't know the relative proportion  the relative numbers in the age groups . 

B:  the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls . 

A:  But if you just lift it up and say , channel one or B_B_C_  

D:  You could just put it down once on top your T_V_ 

C:  and then it doesn't matter where in the room you are , 

A:  I can I can see technical problems with that in terms of the , you know , the sound from the television , 

A:  Or or something just to identify that you've lifted it up and it's use . 

A:  w we need to s identify things that <other> people actually need 

A:   if we can design something that that looks interesting , 

A:  um incorporates the the logo and and the colours 

A:  buttons or or buttons as an option . 

D:  Uh you were saying about um it could  technical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed  

A:  if we want to make this so simple that anybody can walk into the room and lift it up and say 

D:  I mean I'm just thinking of the point of view of peop you could still like lose this remote . 

A:  Do you want to just carry on with  

D:  I was just kinda wrapping up there . 

D:  eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better , 

D:  take out the limited functio functions 

D:  but as for channel settings and stuff it might it might um turn people somewhe peop some people that want the whole functionality away . 

A:  S s we could  we could make it dual function  voice recognition and  still have buttons on it um 

C:  this is just about the technical functions . 

C:  the method , I looked online for examples of other similar products 

C:  Um and then there are two different kinds that I found . 

C:  these are the two different ones . 

C:  what a remote control is is you  it's to send messages to the television set , 

C:  turn on , off , switch the channels and the volume and things such as that . 

C:  for my personal preferences , I think this one is easier to use 

C:  and I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top , 

C:  the unique style , maybe have it light up 

C:  um the changeable face-plates , 

C:  maybe to have a button on the television that you press and it  maybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that , 

C:  when we were talking about havi losing it , 

A:  rather than the uh the the traditional  

A:  Um something like this shape , 

A:  sort of something that you can  that's sort of a more vertical shape , 

A:  uh uh uh l uh l such as  I mean um something you hold up like that , 

A:  again the  n need to look at the the the technicalities of um 

A:  if minimum number of buttons is our priority , then we should , as I say , r know , really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum , 

A:  possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off . Um and nothing else . 

B:  I'll just do my presentation on the working design uh . 

B:  Uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system , the the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ player or whatever . 

B:  Uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source , <other> uh some sort of user interface , 

B:  This is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for . 

B:  my personal preferences  

B:  so you wouldn't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you . 

B:  Uh also definitely a user-friendly interface <other> 

A:  I think your point about the the big energy source is uh a very valid one . 

A:  you know , the number of things you buy these days , which you know , have a a a lithium whatever battery in , 

A:  the the the battery will last 

A:  Um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control , 

A:  know , five , ten years . 

A:  uh uh p perhaps we should , know , reduce the uh , you know , the sort of moving parts even more by not even having a battery compartment 

B:  Just having one that's guaranteed to last five to ten years ? 

A:  it's actually a marketing gimmick . 

A:  it's uh it's totally practical . 

D:  It could have like uh  know like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time . 

C:  I mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there , 

B:  'Cause I only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies . <laugh> 

A:  what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery ? 

D:  Uh . That sounds pretty good , yeah . 

C:  Do they make batteries that last that long ? 

A:  but there are certainly things that you buy . I mean calculators for example . 

C:  Yeah , they have that little solar  

B:  Most of them , don't they have sort of a combination of the two , 

B:  when there is light , they'll work off the light , 

A:  I mean the the actual time that a remote control is actually operating 

D:  like like this um this uh market research thing says number of times per hour that it's used , channel selection a hundred and sixty eight 

A:  That does sound excessive . 

A:  We're looking at extreme simplicity . 

A:  Um I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition 

A:  and <other> there's no reason why we can't introduce um interchangeable uh covers . <other> 

A:  Um it needs to incorporate the corporate logo , uh the the grey and yellow colour scheme 

A:  <other> Yeah . We are doing just the television . 

C:  are we doing just the television 

C:  so not D_V_D_ players , 

A:  I think that's quite clear from the the information that we've been given , 

A:  we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting , 

