A:  Welcome to the  what should be the last of these meetings 

A:  the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read , um  

A:  the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes 

B:  we basically have the same kinda lay-out here 

B:  you hold it like this 

B:  Uh that's the little menu key . 

B:  Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands 

B:  Um the logo is down down there um 

B:  the red bit's the cover 

C:  And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , 

C:  and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers , 

C:  spongy like is something that people wanted 

B:  But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers 

C:  and then the buttons come through 

C:  each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_ . 

A:   for some strange re reason I had it in my mind that they'd put them down vertically 

B:  we could broaden the  broaden it out a bit 

A:  but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger 

B:  if we just lengthen it I guess 

B:  <laugh> The final product would actually stand up , yeah <laugh> . 

A:  I think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on 

A:  let's have a look at the um f finance . 

A:  if I  get the uh spreadsheet up . 

A:  this is the company's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design 

A:  for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours , then that is not a special colour , 

A:  we're just simply on batteries , 

A:  that I don't think is a a serious problem . 

A:  Um it's simply made of plastic 

A:  we haven't actually got a scroll wheel 

A:  I do don't know that they're special colour . 

A:  the the costings uh come in at  exactly on target at twelve point five 

A:  if the management expect us to be techno  again  fail again  technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give , 

A:  I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . Um . 

A:  Andrew do you want  what do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation 

D:  Method of evaluation <other> testing the product was to just  if it met all the criteria  all the conditions that we set out to set out to solve , from the point of view of the the consumer and the management . 

D:  what I've been asked to do is , on the whiteboard 

D:  on a scale of one to seven , one being true and seven being being false . 

D:  And then at the end just take an average 

D:  look at these questions . 

A:  I think most definitely . 

B:  I'd say definitely a one yeah . 

D:  and also uh technologically innovative ? 

B:  Yeah , defi yeah , yeah 

A:  the voice technology indeed . 

D:  Easy to use ? 

A:  I don't see we could've made it any easier . 

D:  Uh suitable for the consumer ? 

B:  Yeah definitely . 

C:  I think it made  we met all of the consumer 

D:  Uh is it complicated ? 

A:  No . 

D:  <laugh> Uh functional ? 

B:  Yeah definitely . 

A:   found easily . 

D:  We've b built in the the speech , where are you , function . 

A:  Does it take long to learn to use ? 

B:  No , not at all . 

D:  The R_S_I_ compares to the current standards , 

A:  <other> Less buttons 

B:   it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well . 

D:  <laugh> Um will device appeal to all age groups ? 

A:  I think it will 

D:  we had the we had the data  saying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money 

B:  I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups 

A:  I think we can reasonably say it's another another one , 

A:   in in in in my interpretation of management's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement 

A:  it's it's simple to use , 

A:  I I think we've done an amazing job 

D:  one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven . 

C:  I think we worked well together 

A:  th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity , 

C:  seemed to discuss things pretty well 

A:  I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows . 

A:  and new ideas found , um , again gi no given relatively everyday product , I think we've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh 

B:  Cool , thank you <laugh> , 

A:  So I call the meeting closed . 

A:  Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves 

