A:  Um this is the kick-off meeting for the day . 

A:  The new remote control is to be original , trendy and user-friendly . 

A:  we'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design . 

A:  Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard . 

A:  we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well , 

B:  you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal . <laugh> 

B:  Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat . <laugh> 

A:  I think it's to get us used to using the pen . 

A:  Not a mouse , a rat . 

A:  a fish . 

A:  And I think your pen's running out of whatever . 

A:  we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this 

A:  would be like what , a hundred million of them um to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million . 

A:  if they cost twelve and a half , you're selling it for twenty five , you're making twelve and a half Euros each . 

D:  I was just wondering if that's the um  If fifty percent is normal  

D:  Um I would think would be more like sixty percent . 

A:  you gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that . 

A:  In order to make fifty million Euros , and you're only getting twelve and a half each  

A:  four million . You'd have to sell four million . 

A:  Experience with a remote control . 

B:  That that that's the sorta product we're talking about , one that will work for a  in a home environment , for a T_V_s and  

A:  I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time , 

C:  that you always sit around  you know , you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something , there's five different remotes , and one for the D_V_D_ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else . 

A:  And they don't always talk to each other . 

C:  But I presume this is t I presume this is just for television . 

D:  We could make a Hello Kitty 

C:  I think one in b bright colours would be good . <other> 

B:  <laugh> I think one that works would be good . <laugh> 

D:  We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation . 

D:  I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great <other> products . 

C:  I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions . 

D:  that's a really good point , 

D:  so if it's like an uh volume button , you know , you can go in and say mute or or volume . 

D:  make everything menus . 

C:  closing the meeting . 

A:  Um I know this sounds like it was very quick , 

A:  I think that's the industrial design is the first one , 

A:  we have to help each other 

A:  Uh as it says , we're gonna get individual instructions , 

A:  and f we should finish this meeting at ni right now 

