A:  Welcome to this second meeting . 

A:  This is a meeting on functional design . 

A:  Um I did  took the minutes from the first meeting 

A:  for the minutes of the first meeting . 

A:  the product was developed uh and reviewed , 

A:  Did I miss something ? 

B:  we we we talked about the the individual roles that we each had as well . 

A:  as a group I think we've  are  they're accepting the minutes . 

A:  Um , then we'll move to the three presentations . 

D:  One of the the biggest issues I found about um from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these um remote controls 

D:  my main goal here is to re-envision the remote control in in this context 

D:  Um some of the research uh in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now , 

D:  again , most uh users really dislike the current look and feel of remote controls . 

D:  fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons . 

D:  eighty percent would spend more money on a remote control that looks fancy . 

B:  Could  can I ask where these figures come from , 

D:  Um it was market research 

A:  in between , as the Project Manager , they sent me an email from the powers that be 

A:  um that teletext is outdated um 

A:  and the internet is coming in as important , 

D:  and s specifically wanted to find out information about speech recognition . 

D:  the early adopters , those of us who grew up with technology and uh luck lucky for us have the uh cash to to pay for it , 

D:  I I leave this up to the group to decide if we wanna use this uh if  and you know , the the designers , 

D:  I mean s three quarters of the next age group , twenty five to thirty five are interested , 

A:  In real numbers , does the ninety one percent and the seventy six percent translate to ex in excess of the four million ? 

D:  I don't know if speech recognition should be um should be included , 

D:  I think that maybe shows more about uh being open to technology . 

C:  Uh it definitely needs uh a lot more research 

B:  How d I'm wondering how how ou how our target price compares with the the typical price of these things . 

D:  I I I uh did not receive any information on that , 

D:  <other> But I think the key is to get the early adopters , people who are familiar with technology 

A:  that's looking at age groups . 

D:  and I'm making and I'm making the the uh uh leap that people who are familiar  younger people are l are more familiar with technology than than older people . Or comfortable , 

D:  I think the most important thing is an attractive streamlined remote control 

D:  these market research uh uh questionnaires <other> looked into your your uh concern about technology 

D:  an interesting um element was the would you pay more for speech recognition question . 

C:  technical functions design . 

C:  I think first off , basically I do agree with what Sarah has defined as as uh your personal preferences,yeah . I think we need uh a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions . 

C:  my method was to look at the existing remotes and what functions they have . 

C:  Um and and I presume we can miss out the functions really to to a video or D_V_D_ remote control , if this is only gonna be a , you know , satellite , cable , T_V_ remote control . 

C:  these are two models of existing remote controls . 

C:  Uh but I think we should be looking more along the lines of the one on the right , 

C:  I was thinking something  some smooth , sleek , little remote control with big user-friendly buttons and uh a menu that you can access . 

C:  But we could go back to the pictures of the  uh , what're they called ? The pictures of the remote controls 

A:  I think the white  that one on the right is , as well as less cluttered , <other>  

C:  The the style of these is terrible . 

C:  not only possibly even materials , like the type of plastic used , but everything including size and shape of buttons , positioning of buttons , the actual shape of the hand-held device , colours , just every e yeah , everything to do with this has to be revolutionised . <laugh> 

C:  that's that for now . 

B:  I wanna bring us down to earth again I'm afraid 

B:  I've been doing a little bit of web-based research , 

B:  But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design 

B:  let's go back to what the basic function of a remote control is . 

B:  which will um in incorporate um an integrated circuit 

B:  we want an energy source 

B:  And we've got to think about what that might be . 

B:  Uh typically it would be a battery , 

B:  And the main components in there are the the th the chip 

B:  that translates button presses into a message , 

B:  and sends the message to the receiver . 

A:  what what does it look like ? 

A:  That's where the user interface is really coming into its own . 

A:  or um what if the chip , for whatever reason , breaks down after a certain amount of time , do you just replace it ? 

A:  Um does it have to have a a way of being segregated from the others , in a different frequency or something ? 

B:  but I'd been thinking of this device as being a a cheap mass-produced device . 

B:  I may be wrong here , 

B:  Um and I hadn't thought of it as being a reparable thing , 

B:  I like the idea of speech recognition , that's a great idea , 

D:  Do we have um ki some idea of how much it would cost to create a device that has these basic elements ? 

B:  Um , I'm I'm I'm hoping that my personal coach is gonna <laugh> give me some advice on that , if you're asking me , 

C:  It does it does seem as if we're just to do something really simple and mass-produced , 

C:  Although what what uh suddenly came into my head is , you know how they always take two A_A_ batteries 

C:  Could it be possible to have uh , you know , like a rechargeable internal battery , like , well , like an M_P_ three player does ? With that you could jus or a mobile phone or whatever . 

D:  which is if every time you're done using the remote you put it on a charger , then you  then it has a place . 

C:  And it's not stuck down the back of the sofa . 

B:  I uh think that's a very interesting idea , 

B:  and I don't know much about what these things cost . 

D:  it's better than my idea about solar , probably . <laugh> 

B:  solar may not be so good when you're watching T_V_ in the night , 

A:  It would have to sor store up the energy 

A:  M yeah , that would be too heavy 

C:  but for long-term use it'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky A_A_ batteries and not having any in your kitchen drawer 

C:  but just a rechargeable internal battery would probably  I mean it might cost more to  at first to develop and to install , 

B:  do you think we might make that a selling point if it was something that we found we could afford to develop ? 

A:  And the dock could look very fancy 

C:  Sort of have its little dock that you could put it in . 

A:  Are we agreed as to what our target group is though ? 

A:  so that we'd be looking for the younger end . 

D:  but I think you raised some good questions 

B:  <laugh> Bu but what I was gonna say was , although they they may be buying um , you know , personal music devices and all that , 

D:  <other> It might be good to know 

A:  Or do we s make sure that it goes to the man through the manufacturer ? 

C:  That's probably more what it is . 

A:  Our functions , we've so far decided , I think , that power , channel , volume make it attractive . 

A:  Um the other thing that we're supposed to do is make decision on our functions . 

A:  Um it has to have an enter key and of course the number keys . 

D:  I have a chart here that I didn't include . Um 

A:  Um actually we're , you know , we are almost a half hour out of the forty minutes , 

D:  my only comment is I think maybe um we could somehow include an enter key in like a power key if power power was enter and pow that was my only  just really in terms of streamlining . 

A:  Enter , power as a s oh um a sum simultaneous key . 

B:  H how does that work ? 

B:  how do you avoid switching the thing off when you actually wanna press enter ? 

D:  if you're pressing enter , the the thing would already be on , 

A:  Then you'd have to have an off te off key . 

D:  I was thinking maybe you  to turn it off you'd have to press power twice in succession , 

B:  It's not getting a bit complicated ? 

D:  Or something that has a a turning dial , where at the far end is on or off . <other> 

D:  It's definitely channel , volume , power . 

C:  things like screen settings and audio settings , I would generally do them on the actual television itself , 

A:  As you said , you know , don't make it too hard for the granny . <laugh> 

A:  Um  will be completed q questionnaire , 

A:  Then that's the end of this meeting . 

C:  We didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though . 

A:  I think I went over the functions 

A:  Um that's what I went over and nobody was objecting to them . 

D:  could you reiterate the new project requirements , 

A:  Um the teletext is outdated , 

A:  and it must include the corporate image , colour and slogan um 

A:  it's only to be for a T_V_ 

C:  is that the yellow and black ? 

A:  It doesn't tell me . 

C:  I'll just use it from their website . 

