A:  this is the beginning of the third meeting , the conceptual design meeting . 

A:  the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point . 

A:  <other> Um there are the decisions we have to turn to , 

A:  Um Sarah , you presented a marketing research report 

A:  Kate presented a working design of  going after  going over the basics on the whiteboard 

A:  we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense , that were decision makers . 

A:  Um and that the function we agreed was volume , power , numbers , enter , channels , a way to move between channels , easy to use and hand-held . 

D:  first thing I want to address is um one of the points that Florence brought up , 

D:  and and they're uh twenty to sixty Euros , depending on uh branding . 

D:  But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for , we're well within , even on the lower end , of the uh of the market . 

D:  I investigated the remote control market in greater detail , 

D:  What's hot , 

D:  <other> And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control , we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset . 

D:  on um <other> what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing . 

D:  Functional is out . 

D:  Fancy . 

D:  And f the fancy , and that's exactly the term , I'm I'm thinking polished , elegant , <other> you know , kind of innovative , but a cut above . 

D:  I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of <laugh> fruit <laugh> fruit themed sleeves . 

A:  It sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote , you know , your t your cell phone . 

D:  I was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned , you know , so , you know , something similar to a summer dress .  you know , it would have like fruit and veg , is that we actually make these spongy . 

D:  initially I thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held , so banana , pineapple and pear . 

D:  They could be interchangeable , 

D:  So what we're talking about is changing . this concept . 

D:  but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising , I'm thinking the teenager , the  someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers . 

D:  So I really open this up to uh any other feedback . This <other> spongy fruit and veg . 

B:  I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this . 

C:  <other> And as for as for um well budgeting as well , if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable components . 

B:  we can make these things out of wood , titanium , plastic or rubber . 

B:  I was thinking titanium myself . 

C:  I have been influenced by pictures of iPods , 

D:  I think many of us would associate those with fancy . 

D:  it would be uh a a very simple product 

A:  Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management 

B:  W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit , 

C:  I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next . 

D:  I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone . 

B:  you're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you , 

B:  I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate , 

B:  this is the innards of a remote control um . 

B:  and that's the the back of the interface . 

B:  that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate . 

B:  <laugh> So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source . 

B:  a wind-up , yeah , 

B:  but i it maybe is  doesn't quite go with the um the fruit and veg . 

B:  Or we we had talked about solar power , 

B:  I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case . 

B:  and basically it can have a flat surface , a curved surface or a double curved surface , 

B:  push button , that's that's the one we're all familiar with . <other> 

B:  what does the interface look like ? 

B:  Um we can have scroll buttons 

B:  And we can also incorporate an L_C_D_ display in the remote , 

B:  If we want the nice cheap one , the simple , then we can only have push buttons . 

B:  Um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons . 

B:  And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices . 

B:  I don't know what that is , 

B:  I I think we've got two options . 

B:  Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer , 

B:  <laugh> Um <other> but it could have an L_C_D_ screen 

D:  Um do you have any idea if if this could  if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty ? 

B:  and it could have the the company's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker . <other> 

B:  I'm afraid I don't have that information available . 

C:  so what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it . 

C:  I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company . 

C:  That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future , fruit-wise . 

B:  We we could we could do um a double curved rubber one , 

C:  I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says , 

C:  <other> Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel , 

C:  um what functions we actually need , 

C:  It has uh scroll wheels without without a display , 

C:  but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right . 

C:  So I was thinking that uh <other> um a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um 

C:  and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment , 

C:  you can scroll along 

C:  and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching the same channel on the screen . 

C:  what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple , uh not fancy but not totally minimalist , I mean just pretty simple plastic , probably , 

B:  Yeah , I'd I'd certainly support that idea . 

C:  And uh and I definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber . 

B:  we can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately . 

C:  But as for actually arranging them  let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one . 

C:  so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle . Up , down , left , right . 

B:  Do you want scroll buttons in that as well ? 

C:  I I was thinking not actually scroll , like a like mouse scroll , 

C:  like this s style thing where you c have up , down , left and right . And enter in the middle , 

C:  and when when you click on each one , it  you can go into a new menu for that . 

D:  <other> It seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic , 

C:  Uh just something else I need to bring to your attention 

A:  Um we need to come up with some specifics of the components , um the materials , things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things . 

C:  If we're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic , then I think titanium's too futuristic . 

C:  Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else . 

B:  <other> And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea , 

B:  I think I think that's a g nice clean design , 

C:  But they all have this this feature of this uh  It's not quite a scroll wheel , but it's a kind of selection in this circle , 

B:  But we can implement it with simple push buttons , 

C:  either a channel up and down , volume up and down , next appearing programmes up and down , <other> uh and then also <other> when you get into the different menus on the screen , it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down . 

D:  Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour ? And have it abstract . 

D:  we could call <other> like a fruit name , 

B:  Mm . We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather  if you feel  if you like the spongy  

D:  I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so  

C:  This is actually the volume up and down , 

C:  so uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these . 

C:  But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down . 

C:  If we're having the scroll wheel , then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions . 

A:  They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use , 

A:  You were saying that the kinetic would be useful , 

A:  um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries . Um 

B:  unfortunately I don't have costing information . 

A:  What's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic ? 

D:  I've used kinetic in terms of watches 

D:  you don't even notice um that it's there . 

C:  I've never come across it before , 

C:  it would make the whole thing a lot lighter , more convenient . 

C:  a good selling point . 

A:  So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible . 

C:  But it does depend how much I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs . 

A:  Mm . 

A:  Um <laugh> the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision . 

B:  Um chip on print is just a manufacturing technique 

A:  Um what about the case ? 

C:  Do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy Yeah , s thick spongy cover , 

A:  and I think we've discussed not having titanium . 

A:  Um we've sort of eliminated wood . 

B:  I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible , 

A:  Um the next part they want is the user interface concept . 

D:  Then I'll just say I support either  from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that . 

C:  like four buttons , up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen . 

C:  I'd  like push buttons with  

A:  but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes . 

A:  Um this is gonna sound weird , 

A:  And they actually want a look and feel design , user interface design , 

A:  Marketing they want product evaluation . 

A:  Um the look and feel design is for Kate , 

A:  Um the two of you <laugh> get to play with a Pla modelling clay um to do a prototype . 

A:  you get product <other> evaluation . 

A:  Uh and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way . 

A:  And that's the end of this meeting . 

