A:  Our agenda is , as before , for me to open the meeting , 

A:  And I know what you're all thinking of , oh my , 

A:  um each of you made your presentations . 

A:  Um looking like a scroll , 

A:  Um we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product 

A:  Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo , a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us . 

A:  and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints 

A:  Um we're down to the prototype presentation . 

C:  well you see , 

C:  This is the one that I made . 

C:  And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it uh in there . 

C:  the function of these buttons is up , down , left and right <other> in the different menus . 

C:  The main feature of it is just a simple design , simple , 

C:  <other> Form curved , kind of smooth , hand-held , 

C:  but I think we have two different options , 

C:  Uh material , I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit , 

C:  because we did make a another one , 

C:  if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons , like just like this but in the shape of a banana , 

C:  and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology , 

C:  uh I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic . 

C:  Whereas otherwise we'd thought , like with this one  

C:  uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons . 

C:  we have the two options we can follow , either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber , depending on cost restraints . 

C:  colour , I think  I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons , 

C:  but if anybody's got any other suggestions , I'm quite willing to consider them as well . 

C:  maybe , Kate , you better say what you think about them . 

B:  I don't have very much to add . 

B:  The the case can be either um spongy rubber or hard plastic . 

B:  We have simple rubber push buttons 

C:  I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme , I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped . 

C:  This one has no obvious connections to fruit , 

C:  it kinda makes you think sort of organic , touchy-feely , kiddie , 

C:  you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one , 

B:  <other> Would you care to examine the prototypes , see how they feel in the hand ? 

A:  I could see this thing , unless it's reinforced , having a problem with the 

C:  Breaking , 

C:  that's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it , 

D:  I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role . 

C:  Yeah ,  we really like we really like that design , 

C:  <other> I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of  <other> I mean actually how to program the menus 

B:  And it's a very simple design , 

C:  and what sort of , you know , text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen , 

D:  This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation , 

D:  this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by uh the consumers 

D:  I'm going to go and use the whiteboard , 

D:  but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false , going over these different criteria , 

D:  fancy , technologically innovative , easy to use , trendy , buttons , excess buttons , good buttons , ugly , sellable , and other . 

D:  some of them seem rather close , 

C:  what about price , is that gonna go on there as well ? Price of materials . 

D:  We'll put price up at the top . 

C:  <laugh> Not that we actually know anything about it , 

D:  wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy ? 

C:  It depends what what you mean by fancy really , 

C:  I'd call these quite uh minimalist , 

B:  a plain , simple , clean design . 

C:  it is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality , 

C:  I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy , 

C:   like stylish or aesthetic . 

D:  in terms of elegant , fancy . we'll call it E_F_ um , do we do we think that perhaps  and maybe we should say the yellow ? 

C:  they're both yellow with black buttons , 

C:  but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black . 

C:  but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana , you know , with the grooves and the stalk and stuff , 

D:  I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana . 

C:  that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now , 

A:  I think between the two , somewhere between the two is true . 

D:  <other> technologically innovative . 

B:  I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative . 

D:  we'll say  we'll say uh false . 

D:  trendy , s <other> and I say specifically spongy fruity . 

C:  maybe only a two or a three then , 

C:  we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific  

B:  We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy . 

C:  Yeah , I don't really think that's gonna work , 

D:  two ? Um 

A:  Better , more intuitive buttons , yes . 

D:  Ugly . 

C:  No . <laugh> 

B:  I think they're different , 

C:  it is quite it is quite quirky I think . 

D:  uh could we say it's cost saving ? 

C:  we also need tho think about the energy . 

C:  it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy . 

C:  but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet , 

D:  do you have any idea about price or other features ? 

B:  I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop . 

D:  So true one 

C:  I would say maybe a two , 

D:  And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these 

D:  instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive 

D:  'cause I have to do an average . <other> 

C:  Just putting no excess buttons . 

D:  so it doesn't ruin the polarity . 

C:  see if we're technologically innovative , I'd say it is quite innovative , 

D:  let me know if if any of these  um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here  if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features . 

A:  and the next big thing is the finance . 

D:  and I'll uh figure out the average here . 

A:  And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet 

A:  it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device . 

C:  just kinetic then ,  . 

A:  Electronic simple chip on print , and we'll need one of those . 

B:  'cause we've just got push buttons , 

A:  and we only need one of those . 

A:  the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve . 

C:  What does double curved mean , I don't understand . 

B:  I I think you  it means you reverse the curve . 

B:  you can do a banana in single curve , 

A:  case material supplements . Plastic , wood , rubber , titanium , special colour . 

C:  I just wanna say plastic . 

B:  I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself , 

A:  Okay . We'll come back , if we can , to the rubber being added 

A:  And the buttons  Wha what is the buttons made of , rubber ? 

B:  does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material ? 

A:  Button supplements , they'll be in a special colour of black . 

B:  'Cause I think they can be plastic . 

A:  Um and the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed . 

B:  More profit . 

A:  go to the project evaluation , next slide . 

A:  the project process , satisfaction with , for example , the room for creativity . 

A:  We had the special colour . 

A:  leadership , 

D:  Sure . 

A:  teamwork , 

D:  Yes . 

A:  means , of having whiteboard , the digital pens and all that kind of good things . 

B:  Yeah , yeah , the Play-Doh was best , I thought . <other> 

C:  'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying , well we quite want this , but imagine it rounder . 

A:  and we're satisfied with all the above . 

A:  we went over all those things 

A:  Um did we find any new ideas ? 

D:  I think with the marketing element of uh fruit shaped I I mean I  that really opened my eyes . 

C:  Spongy . 

C:  Good work as a design team , 

B:  I'm not sure all the wires are really great though . 

A:  Are the costs within the budget ? 

C:  Oh yes . 

A:  Is the project evaluated ? 

C:  Yes . 

D:  I can give you a number , 

D:  the average evaluation score is one point eight eight , 

D:  There were six true or ones , 

D:  two s almost true or close to true , 

D:  and then uh one false , seven points , 

C:  And the the only false one is because we've chosen to keep a simple old technology , 

A:  And we've therefore  we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary , 

A:  I believe that is the end of our meeting . 

