A:  Right , so agenda of the first meeting . 

D:  I'm Robin . 

C:  I'm Louisa . 

B:  I'm Nick . 

A:  And I'm Alastair 

A:  So does anyone have any uh thoughts as to the tool training that uh is required ? 

A:  so tool training . 

A:  <other> Project plan . 

C:  I'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training . 

A:  Neither am I  . 

A:  So we have the project team , which is to um <other> basically to come up with a new r remote control device . 

A:  And uh our idea is to uh to make the new remote control device uh more user friendly than the previous one , 

A:  method of doing this is uh split up as you can see into uh <other> the functional design , the conceptional design , and the detailed design 

A:  So we've got tool training . 

A:  Right so everyone's to uh supposedly uh draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there . 

A:  <laugh> Do you wish to go f Have a first bash at uh whatever . 

C:  I think that I would have to say that my favourite animal is the cat . 

B:  Um <laugh> and I like my animal that looks nothing like a bear because um I dunno maybe because there's so many cartoon characters made up after the bear 

D:  Um I'm gonna go for the dog , 

A:  So what my daughters have got at the moment is they've got uh a few fish 

A:  Work has been done on uh this uh project where by um twenty five Euros is uh the uh expected uh selling price . 

A:  So we're looking to sell internationally , not just in Europe . 

A:  Experience with remote control , first ideas . New remote . 

A:  So uh any any thoughts ? 

B:  Um I  with some remote controls the buttons were a little small 

B:  so maybe we make something with uh easy to press buttons . 

A:  Okay , so so basically we're looking for some um  we're looking for a device that is um robust 

B:  Um sort of easy to use so the buttons are accessible . 

C:  <cough> Is this just a television remote ? 

A:  basically I'll get back to you on that . 

D:  Um one of the things um we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well . 

C:  Or is it just a television that we're supposed to be doing ? 

A:  'cause  as you rightly said , there's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the uh about the room . 

A:  So a device for for all remotes . 

D:  And um sometimes uh they sort of  remote controls defeat their own purpose 

D:  we need to sort of maybe think about how um we could maybe uh develop a remote control which moves around the room . 

C:  <laugh> Comes to your whistle . <laugh> 

D:  That's that's maybe something for the future when you can talk to your television , but <laugh>  

B:  Maybe we could um have better instructions with the remote . 

D:  I mean we've done some research um about sort of you know what the cutting edge sort of hand held devices are , 

A:  Next meeting in thirty minutes . 

A:  You can't have both the th the one device and then have few buttons on it to  

A:  Whilst at the same time you want , as you rightly said , one remote for all . 

A:  you could argue that experience of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to using remotes , 

D:  So it's possible that we could devise a system where where you're you're basically sort of holding a a miniature computer which is controlling all your your sort of your television , your stereo , 

A:  Okay , so we've got um the working design for I_D_ . 

A:  And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of uh this meeting to uh to give it to you for the next meeting . 

C:  I'm not exactly clear on what we're designing the rem remote for . 

B:  I think you just said at the start it was a television remote control , 

A:  That's true , 

