A:  so we've got new project requirements . 

A:  So basically we've got three things , 

A:  W I I got um  or or three things basically , um relating to the remote being only for T_V_ . 

A:  Um we've got uh teletext outdated . 

A:  Right and the corporate image was the uh final thing . 

B:  Okay I'm gonna be looking at the working design . 

B:  Um I've just got three sections , 

B:  Um the basic components are an energy source 

B:  We then have the user interface , which is basically the like the the buttons on the actual remote . 

B:  because that's obviously found in the television . 

B:  Um I'm gonna have to actually draw on the board 

B:  , a power 

B:    that's obviously there's lots and lots of different buttons 

B:   after you press that that sends the message to the chip 

B:  pressed and then sends the appropriate message to the sender . 

B:  , that's the components of the 

B:  . So this is the uh user interface 

B:  . And then on the separate thing we have on the on the television we have a a receiver 

B:  , which then  , and that's the that's the infra-red sender 

B:  .  going on to personal preferences , I've said that battery seems the best option for the actual remote 

B:  , and infra-red um has been used quite successfully 

B:  . Um and then the sender 

C:  Um . Okay so I'm gonna talk a bit about the technical functions design . 

C:  <cough> Um so the m basic method of this is to send a signal from the remote to the television set , so that a desired function is performed . 

C:  Um here are two example remotes . 

C:  it's got a very limited number of buttons . 

C:  So , <other> it's got nice big buttons , 

C:  Um I like the use of the kind of um symbols like the triangles and the squares and the arrows as well as the words on the um kind of play functions and all that . 

A:  <laugh> But uh I got uh I got an email that basically said to uh make sure that uh whatever device we come up with at the end of the day had to incorporate um the corporate colour and slogan . 

A:  Um we have to remember that we have our own um logo and colour scheme . 

B:   Would you be able to get rid of the the extra buttons here , the the sort of circular section 

B:  . So we could dispense with that little bit as 

B:  , because that seems to be for a video as well 

B:  well and just get it down to just the numbers and the volume 

C:  And I don't really think that you need nine numbers . 

A:  Well uh for for general television purposes obviously you have channels one to five at this point in time , 

A:  but the the other thing is that with um the current expansion of uh channels uh in the process of taking place , certainly the button up and down , 

A:  and uh there's uh I don't know exactly how many channels there are on uh when you take into account uh Sky and various other um various others . 

A:  Maybe you could have a fast forward on the on the channels 

C:  Um some remotes have kind of favourite options 

A:  Yeah , I s I suppose in a sense you could have um if you've got a hundred channels then if you had sort of an easy way of getting  rather than having to go one to a hundred , you could go one to one to ten , ten to twenty 

C:  But I think a lot of um like Cable and Sky and stuff , that would be tuned to one channel , 

A:  Limit the number of buttons , 

C:  But I suppose nine's not really excessive . 

A:  you could get fifty by five and a zero or whatever , 

B:   How many buttons have we got 

A:  Well we've we've got um that it's remote for T_V_ only otherwise project would become too complex with uh which would endanger the time to market <other> was one of the considerations . 

D:  we've done some research into the functional requirements that people want out of their remote control . 

D:  and um how do people use it ? 

D:  And we did that by sort of giving them a questionnaire that we'd prepared and asking them to fill in the answers . 

D:  and the number one frustration was that the remote was lost somewhere else in the room and that they couldn't find it . 

D:  My personal preferences from the marketing is that we need to come up with some <other> sort of sleek sort of good looking high high-tech  

D:  Um and that we should come up with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market , 

D:  Um and maybe we could think about speech recognition as well , 

D:  And we could maybe think about using speech recogniti recognition as a way to find the remote control if it's lost in a room , rather than sort of um having it to <other> speech recognition to change the channels . 

A:  What was that last wee bit there ? 

D:  Um about speech recognition ? 

A:  But that was only for young people that preferred it , older people didn't . 

B:  that and they might end up costing more than our twelve fifty budget for for the speech recognition . Um 

D:  Yeah , we'd have t that would mean we'd have to put two products together as well , 

C:  There's key rings um that you kind of whistle at or clap at , 

C:  and then they whistle back , or something like that . 

A:  Well if you're trying to avoid having a second product 'cause obviously you could have a second product that gave you the right pitch which would set the remote off to say here I am sort of thing , you know without sound recognition . 

B:   or like the same technology could be put inside the inside the remote 

A:  I mean obviously if you've got voice recognition then you can do it in that way 

A:  Um I was gonna say a sharp noise , you know a clapping of hand or whatever . 

A:  a set command whatever that happened to be . 

A:  and you can give it a command , 

A:  because it'll recognise the voice 

B:  <other>  you could have an option to turn it off . Or 

B:  . So that would solve the problems with the T_V_ kind of speaking to the remote and changing its own channels 

D:  Um would it take quite a while to sort of develop the speech recognition software in the remote control ? 

A:  Well if it does then we can't . 

A:  and it seems to me that the management is uh wanting us to go down a narrow path and not opening out . 

A:  But probably quick and simple is primary rather than added extras . 

A:  Uh d d I think I think first and foremost we've gotta get to the end 

A:  But we have to make the decisions on uh the remote control functions 

A:  And if dur between the time of this meeting finishing and the next meeting starting , if you get any additional information that uh only you have at that point in time you'd think would be relevant to other people in terms of their des decision making um process , then we should communicate that as quickly as possible and not wait until the next meeting . 

A:  If you get the information just before the next meeting that's fine . 

A:  But if you get it well before the next meeting , let everybody else know 

A:  Well , so maybe a clap rather than a whistle would be  <other> 

C:  Well I think it'd be really easy and it'd be a big advantage if we did have some sort of um kind of whistle back kind of function . 

C:  I don't really know about the voice recognition thing . 

D:  clapping , I think clapping , 

C:  'Kay we've already decided that we don't need a teletext button , haven't we ? 

B:  . Did we decide on having the ten um the ten 

D:  I think nowadays you can just get ones where it gives you a sort of a second or two to press another number , 

B:   I'll put delay to allow um multiple numbers 

D:  Uh <other> we could possibly put an L_  a sort of a L_C_D_ menu in , 

B:   you only have to probably tune in the T_V_ once 

B:  . So and if finally the T_V_ breaks , you get a new one , you're gonna have to be able to tune it 

A:  the the product we've got is something that's at the I would have said the lower end of the s of the cost scale , 

D:  I mean we're maybe talking about replacing remotes for slightly older televisions , 

B:  ? Would you maybe have like one menu button , then you'd use the other buttons , maybe the number buttons to actually do the separate functions 

C:  Yeah , 'cause you do need um kind of brightness and contrast and everything as well . 

C:  Well , if we're trying to keep it slee sleek and sexy as well , have you seen those remotes where kind of um the bottom bit slides down , so there's kind of um everything else revealed ? 

B:  . That is that is a good idea actually 

A:  So so keep um keep detailed functions um hidden at the back . 

C:  And that'll be better for the older generation as well 

B:   So um <other> we're gonna have to have to work out what's gonna be on these other functions as as well 

D:  The detailed ones would be sort of brightness , 

A:  So on front , 

B:    about the number  

B:  ? A mute button as well 

D:  And probably a power one as well . 

C:  I know it's probably like um not an issue to raise here , but um the whole thing about not using your standby uh because of the like waste of electricity  . 

C:  Like we should maybe try to discourage people from standby . 

B:   But then they might not buy it if they haven't got one 

A:  <laugh> So so are you having the stand-by on the front , then ? 

B:  . Um are we gonna have the channel up and down as well as the number buttons 

D:  Um 'cause yeah the market research said there is quite a lot of people do just zap around and flick , so . 

B:   So we've got ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen there 

D:  Numbers is ten , 

D:  And a mute , yeah . 

A:  And then at the back ? 

D:  You've got brightness and contrast . 

B:   Maybe if we're gonna run out of time , one of us should come up with a list of these and then get back at the next meeting just at the start and say what they're gonna be 

C:  Uh there's audio functions . 

A:  You're also gonna have the channel tuner  , as it were . 

D:  And then maybe sort of an enter button for sort of s you know , saying that you want that particular thing tuned in . 

C:  So I think um there's quite a lot of like Dolby surround studio , surround sort of things . 

B:  . Do they have their own  do they have their own controls on their actual products , then 

C:  Um I think they've got their own controls in this kind of like hidden panel . 

B:  ? Yeah I suppose if we've got their  if they've got their own controls then we can avoid it for ours just to keep it simple 

A:  Right so I'll do the minutes of uh this meeting . 

B:   Well shall we look into that and just get back together 

