A:  Right well um from the last meeting <laugh> I was trying to send you the minutes , 

A:  Right so we had the fact that we're gonna have the the logo uh the company logo in its uh colour scheme incorporated onto the the device the remote device . 

B:  I think we all have a presentation again , 

B:  For the components design , um next step is 

B:  Uh first in the power supply , we have the option of just the standard battery , 

B:  There's a dynamo . 

B:  There's a kinetic option , 

B:  which would mean the batteries wouldn't have to be replaced . 

B:  but I think that was gonna cost a little more . 

B:  which I guess is just the same as the standard ones . 

B:  Um one issue for the buttons is , depending on which material we use , 

A:  What would be the cost do do we know ? 

B:  I th I think the there wasn't too much difference in the cost , that that related to the actual buttons , 

B:  The firm supplies a simple , a regular and an advanced um circuit board . 

B:  So if we've got the scroll wheel for one of the buttons , that would require a slightly more advanced circuit board than if we just had a standard um push button . 

B:  Um going to my personal preferences , um I thought possibly for power we could use kinetic 

B:  And this would avoid batteries running out , having to replace batteries and such like . 

B:  So if we wanted the scroll wheel and wanted the voice recognition , um then we'd have to get a a more costly circuit board . 

B:  Um and for the circuit board , again depends on which features we want in the actual in the remote . 

B:  if we're gonna have the speech recognition , we'd have to probably get an advanced one . I'm guessing . 

A:  So are we able to make that decision now in a sense that this is the point at which we're discussing that issue , 

A:  I mean one way is to do each of the presentations 

C:  that's probably a better one , to discuss it straight away . 

A:  so if we wanted to know for instance that the scroll wheel required the regular  and what required advance . Then if we were able to see that down then we could make the decision at that point in time 

B:  As I say it only specified that we need a more advanced circuit board for the scroll wheel , 

B:  The voice recognition came as a separate piece of information . Um . 

A:  the scroll wheel required the regular , 

A:  The display requires an advanced chip 

B:  And note that the push button just requires a simple chip , 

C:  Yeah , and if we're going for sleek and sexy , I think a scroll wheel is maybe a bit kinda bulky ? 

B:  So maybe just a simple push button , 

C:  Yeah , a simple pushbuttons . 

B:   Did everyone get this on the speech recognition ? 

B:  So it is basically the concept we discussed before . 

A:  So if we go for the simple push button , so effectively we're going for the simple printed circuit board are we ? 

D:  I suppose we need we need to find out what circuit board that requires , maybe before we  m make a decision . 

C:  But the way that I interpret that um it doesn't seem to send out a signal to the telly , 

C:  it's like a parrot just rep reply replying to your message . 

B:  so we'd have a simple circuit board 

C:  And I don't think you could really perform any of the remote functions with it . 

B:  so we'd stick with the simple circuit board 

A:  W w kinetic . 

B:  I I thought so just for  just for ease of not having to replace the batteries . 

B:  Somehow the mechanism inside powers up through movement . 

A:  Are we going for speech recognition ? 

D:  Just just for the call and find thing . 

B:  It's it's just an addition thing 

A:  And so we would want it in as an extra 

B:  but  Maybe we maybe we'll find out how much that does cost and have to decide slightly later . 

C:  Um okay , so very brief presentation , um . 

C:  Um some of the uh remotes that I looked at , one of the models da did actually have voice recognition where you could um where it was connected to the remote control functions . 

C:  I mean maybe it's better not to try and compete with that sort of thing 

C:  Um the scroll buttons , as you've already mentioned , um there's examples of those , 

C:  and  because it impacts on other  on the materials and the price it's not great . 

C:  Th there was a specialist type of remote that we could think about , um . 

A:  Well we're to go for the international market rather than a local market 

A:  The one thing that you can often do with products is you can uh make small modifications . 

A:  You'd have model one , model two and model three , 

B:  So maybe the children's remote should be like a a next step , 

A:  but on this basic one I'm reckoning that we're going for the basic model to be discussed here 

A:  Alright , so we're just gonna have the the rubber buttons , 

C:  Um there was a mention just as kind of a warning about button design . 

C:  Um I think the thing was that if you decide to do this , to have triangular buttons , um somebody might look at this one and say oh well this triangular button is pointing up , 

C:  they might see yeah , they might see this pointing down and think right that's gonna turn the volume down , 

B:  So maybe we could have volume written on the side 

D:  I've I've got some things to say about possible design things from trend watching . 

D:  Right , um I've been looking at some trends in in sort of basically fashion on top of doing the um research into the remote control market 

D:  that we'd sort of asked people about remote controls and what what was good about them , what was bad , what they used . 

D:  The most important thing was that the thing sort of look and felt fancy rather than just functional . 

D:  we need to emphasise the fancy design with on on our remote control above all else . 

D:  which could be our sort of find the thing with a hand clap . 

D:  And then maybe find a way to incorporate these trends so that we sort of capture people's imaginations . 

D:  And then sort of even wackier than that , we could maybe have a fruit or vegetable shaped remote , 

D:  How how far we actually want to go along and sort of follow the trends , 

C:  I think if you start making the buttons fruit shaped , it might make it more complicated to use . 

A:  Well you were just talking about you've got to be careful how you shape your buttons , 

C:  Maybe just one button , 

C:  I think because there's already um very good voice recognition technology out there , and because ours might not cover the same functions that the leading brands do , it might be a good idea to market it as a um finder function . 

A:  the finder function rather than as a speech function to find your remote . 

A:  th that that incorporates the trend whilst at the same time not confusing people , if you're looking for functionality . 

A:  If y if you change all the buttons then you've got the problem that this year's fruit and veg , next year's uh <other> I was gonna say animals or elephants or w whatever . 

B:  I mean it just seems realistic that the remote control market isn't the kind of thing which takes in those kinds of fashion trends . 

C:  But I suppose as long as it's quite a subtle design , 

B:  Maybe the spongy feel is something we could think about , um . 

C:  It seems like you're gonna have rubber cases , as well as buttons . 

A:  Rubber buttons require rubber case .  

A:  The m the main problem is how f how frequently do the fashions change ? 

A:  Whereas if you kept the product the same but you could have a difference from year to year , uh it seems to me that you could incorporate a fashion statement if you like , rather than changing the whole kit and caboodle . 

B:  I suppose we maybe are limited in the fact that we still have to put the logo on the actual  

B:  Maybe we could think of the the cases like changing with the fashions 

C:  Oh but you still would have to have the logo on every new case , 

C:  But we are supposed to use the um company colour scheme , aren't we ? 

A:  You could have your company badge and logo . 

B:  And whether we'd have a big enough market to have this kind of like secondary market of selling the cases might be something to consider . 

D:  I'm not convinced on whether having changeable covers would be something that people would buy into . 

C:  Okay , so if we just went for one colour of a rubber case  

D:  whereas just the fact that it was a rubber case is probably less less of something that y you're gonna end up hating in a year , you know . 

B:   it seems to make sense that we we'd just maybe stick with the standard rubber case , 

B:  Maybe curves give it like the slightly more aesthetic feel ? 

A:  one thing to consider is that in some ways you want um  by having a fairly standard case it means they can all fit together on top of each other 

C:  Shall we go for single curve , just to compromise ? 

B:  We'll go for single curve , yeah . 

B:  So did we did we decide on the kinetic power supply ? 

C:  And the rubber push buttons , rubber case . 

C:  and and the voice recognition , we can use that can't we , just to find it . Without affecting the circuit board . 

D:  And then are we going for sort of one button shaped like a fruit . <laugh> Or veg . 

A:  so it's not really spongy feel buttons , it's just rubber buttons . 

D:  Could be a red apple , yeah . 

C:  Yeah 'cause we wanna incorporate a bit of colour if we can , 

C:  Uh just to keep the shape of the buttons simple . 

C:  'Cause most of them will just be kind of mainly circular or like very plain . 

A:   I guess you two are on plasticine duty or whatever . 

