B:  we'll start with the minutes of the last meeting . 

B:  discussed the possibility of a macro facility , interac interacting the T_V_ a bit more , um mentioning of bar-code , joystick for user manipulation , um and ergonomics of the remote control as well . 

B:  Just to say quickly uh I would have thought that only being used for a television the macro facility may now not be required . 

B:  to the point in my opinion anyway that it might not be worth pursuing . 

B:  Um I'd like to if possible hear from our Marketing Expert first , 

C:  Functional requirement by me Ebenezer . <other> 

C:  we did some research , 

C:  and we asked some very specific questions , 

C:  Please bear in mind this is only a hundred people , 

C:  some the bad stuff we got , 

C:  <other> Most buttons are not used any more , 

C:  there's just a lot of stuff that no one really uses . 

C:  Takes too long to master the remote control . 

C:  Some of the good stuff we got . 

C:  um most people want remote controls to be pretty , 

C:  Finally , my opinion . 

C:  how many different words can you have for a remote control , 

C:  For a fixed vocabulary it works quite well . 

C:  I mean most people use a remote control for switching to channels , 

C:  So if you have to say up , up , up , up , if you have to do that all the time , then people might get a bit fed up with that 

C:  <other> However , <other> oh , because the voice recognition software exists already , 

C:  there're two options . 

C:  but is it practical to have a voice recognition system in a remote control , 

C:  Um , will people will people be willing to wait for the the period that it'll take to train the remote , 

C:  <other> I think a lot of young people will buy the remote control , if they have the money , 

C:  but would they return it after a while 

B:  if you could speed it up a bit , yeah . 

C:  I'm about to end , yeah . 

A:  this is a <other> brief run through of the um of the technical functions of the remote . 

A:  the presentation is uh already slightly obsolete 

A:  I've looked at <other> looked at a num <other> uh couple of other uh remote control models just for an idea of basic design principles . Um 

A:  <other> Um um basically the job of the device is to send commands to an appliance , in this case the television set . 

A:  Um and there's two main trends in th in the sort of design practice . 

A:  Um giving you every possible function that the that the device has , the remote control controls . 

A:  it creates a rather user unfriendly interface . 

A:  and of course there is a certain amount of sort of loss of function here obviously , 

A:  And so you go for something that's fairly intuitive to use , 

A:  My own view is that we should definitely be going for a user focused design . 

A:  something that's uh <other> something that is more programmable , 

A:  um I liked Ebenezer's idea of including a joystick in that and uh possibly a sort of fairly minimal number of sort of function buttons , 

A:  you then have some sort of basic display on it 

D:  I'm responsible for working design , 

D:  Uh the sender will push the button , 

D:  Do we need uh many buttons , 

D:  Um , the joystick is another thing , 

D:  you have the energy source obviously connected to the chip , 

D:  You have the switch turn it on , 

D:  do we need on the control uh different buttons to decide , or different light bulbs , 

D:  Um , I dunno what we should decide on that . 

B:  I hear what the Marketing Expert's saying about <other> um voice activated control . 

B:  Um voice activation could be an interesting idea 

B:  however the idea of a joystick and then maybe an L_C_D_ which has been kind of put forward so far , 

B:  but if you can control almost all of the functionality from the display , I don't know how much power an L_C_D_ would take , 

B:  literally um if you can imagine the display maybe slightly larger than um those on a <other> a mobile phone , 

B:  Um and then we could have like say the common buttons as you say , volume control , changing channels  

A:   I I was thinking that the remote <other> the um <other> sort of default functions for the joystick would be up and down for uh volume , left and right for channels . 

D:  Do you think that people will get mixed up , 

D:  they'll be looking at this screen and that screen 

A:  Um I think probably for the first couple of hours of using it 

A:  but we should probably try to stick to black and white . 

C:  but I think we don't have a specific audience , 

C:  like what is our target audience , 

B:  <other> I think it could probably be aimed at most people who've used a mobile . 

B:  Um , if we are if we were to follow that avenue , we might be s you know um we're kind of almost relying on their experience with a mobile phone I suppose . 

B:  I imagine as well that the actual L_C_D_ and maybe to a certain extent the joystick as well would be for the additional functionality . 

B:  Um and you can still have the main buttons that allow the people to turn the machine on and off , d up and down , 

B:  maybe we have the fol um the joystick as a separate one for the other functions then , 

B:  we go for the nice standard um up and down for and volume control . 

A:  if you i if you wanted to access further functions i <other> you you then get to sort of menu navigation . 

A:  I mean most of the uh of the replacement remote market is sort of  remote control rationalisation . 

A:  you want one wo <other> y you want one that'll do the job of all of them . 

B:  this is a requirement that we have to stick to I'm afraid , 

A:  um would that include um access to say <other> interactive functions on digital or cable ? 

B:  I would say so , yes , 

B:  I would say that the design spec we've been  with is for the television only for now . 

A:  <other> Um maybe then our market should be T_V_ manufacturers , rather than the public . 

B:  However I don't know exactly where we'll be going with that , 

C:  It's just , the way I figure it , twelve point five Euros per unit , we have to sell at least like three million or something like that , 

B:  something else that you brought up was uh the ability to lose a remote , 

B:  but have any of you ever seen those odd little key rings 

B:  where if you whistle , it will beep and you  tell you where it is . 

C:  I had one of those , 

C:  because it it went off all the time accidentally . 

B:  the other option of course is that um the 

C:  The clapping one . <other> 

B:  Um digital telephones , uh for example , one unit has  

B:  somewhere where there's a button , 

B:  of course you have to have that base unit , 

B:  but maybe it's a button that you attach to the T_V_ . 

B:  again say what , it would be a small transmitter , um watch battery type scenario I would say , 

B:  that might be something that we could look into . 

B:  that could be something that separates us a bit from the market as well . 

B:  do we go for a small joystick that would operate say changing channels , up and down , 

B:  Um we have to decide exactly what we're going to do with the remote . 

B:  and then , what , another button that would say that it's now being used to manoeuvre round the L_C_D_ . 

D:  Should volume be important in the joystick , do you think ? 

B:  We could use say the left and right for changing channels 

B:  we could maybe even go as far as saying power button , small joystick , L_C_D_ , 

B:  and with the possibility of pushing down on the joystick to say okay ? 

A:  Actually I would say maybe two two function buttons , the  y we're now using the menus button and um and an og and an okay button . 

A:  <other> The o the o the other dis design constraint I think we should bear in mind is that people are you know very much used to using a remote control one handedly , 

B:  Do we incorporate the idea of trying to f locate the remote control again via a beeping noise ? 

D:  Yeah , think so . 

B:  So that would require a um transmitter maybe attached to the T_V_ , 

B:  and <other> what , a basically a small microphone um on the actual unit , 

D:  Light bulb as well , 

A:  a small speaker you mean . 

B:  th e the true fact , considering the cost of an L_E_D_ , we could just incorporate it anyway . 

B:  you could go for quite an interesting design . 

B:  something that can make it stand out slightly . 

B:  Feel free to email me if you think that uh we've screwed something up and wanna get it rectified as soon as possible . 

D:  I should just look at um the speaker ,  the speaker and an L_E_D_ . 

A:  Um , if we do end up trying to market this to television manufacturers then the um then the transmitter could actually be built into the television . 

B:  um , user interface , we also need to maybe get the slogan in here , 

D:  the slogan's we put the fashion in electronics , 

B:  we can just incorporate into the actual plastic on top . 

B:  But it might be something you could consider when you're thinking about shapes ? 

B:  and um possibly the two R_s to signify the company . Rather than real reaction . 

