A:  Welcome to the meeting everyone . 

A:  This is the first meeting uh for developing our , our new product . 

A:  If everyone could go around and explain their role and um , and their name . 

B:  My name's Poppy . 

C:  <laugh> My name's Tara and I'm the User Interface Designer . 

D:  I'm Genevieve . 

A:  And uh tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today , 

A:  as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control . 

A:  Yes , it's a television remote control . 

A:  I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now . 

A:  and then , um , after we've brainstormed and , and thought about , we can come together in a meeting and , and discuss what , what um , what kind of functional design we want to use . 

A:  And , um , as a sort of team-building moment , um , I , I'd like us to , um , try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal . 

A:  My favourite animal , which changes all the time , okay , 

A:  I'm gonna take minutes 

B:  like all sorts of animals , but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat , in memory of my poor cat that died recently . <laugh> 

A:  and it , it is my favourite animal right now , 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature , 

B:  But I like cats because they're so independent , 

C:  I think my favourite animal would be a dog , 

C:  <laugh> . Um , I like dogs because , um , they're so good to humans , 

D:  I'm going to draw a butterfly , 

A:  So , now that we know how to use the whiteboard , 

A:  um , wanna make this um  selling price of twenty five Euros . 

A:  we can  like the price to create it will be significantly less . 

A:  Um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents . 

D:  so we'll have a hundred percent profit then ? 

A:  So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas , any um suggestions that you may have so far , 

D:  I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing . 

A:  Um , we'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million Euro . 

A:  Um , and make it for an international market . 

B:  I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing . 

B:  tracking <laugh> device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was . 

B:  So maybe if you could have some kind of 

D:  There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel , so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something . 

C:  Do yous not find that , um , <other> like , there's a lot of , um , buttons on your remote control , and you don't know what half of them do . 

B:  Are we going into kind of novelty factors here . 

B:  I suppose , if we're he heading to have it , like make a huge profit out of this , it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing . 

A:  And the key issue here is , is being trendy and original . 

A:  Um , like you can go over your ideas , of course , in your own personal times . 

A:  Industrial Designer . 

A:  You'll be beginning your , your working design . 

A:  and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag 

A:  Marketing Expert . 

A:  Um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour . 

