A:  Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote . 

D:  <other> I am Corinne Whiting 

D:  In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification , 

D:  In the conceptual design phase I will be dealing with trend watching 

D:  And then finally in the um detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation 

C:  , I'm Ryan . 

C:  Um I'm the User Interface Designer . 

C:  And the detailed design um <other> sort of like the user interface design , 

B:  <cough> I'm Manuel 

B:  Um um in the conceptual design um I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product . 

A:  our our agenda is the opening , uh acquaintance which we've kinda done . Uh tool training , project plan discussion and then closing . 

A:  we are putting together a new remote control . 

A:  let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have , 

C:  function of remote control is just just  

C:  change channels is its main function . 

A:  we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or  

C:  I suppose you c try make it a universal remote 

C:  But , you know , they all sorta have the same role changing channels , volumes and then programming . 

C:  Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em . 

A:  So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh 

C:  you could whistle 

A:  there's a button on the T_V_ that you press 

C:  and it'd beep . 

C:  Generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . 

A:  so they're kinda like long and rectangular . 

A:  we want something new that's gonna stand out . 

C:  Maybe sorta spherical or something . A ball . 

D:  Maybe like user-friendly , 

D:  where you can use both hands , like a little keyboard type thing . 

C:  I thought maybe , because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another  

C:  and maybe the actual controls are inside or something . 

B:  you can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time , 

B:  Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , 

B:  How sturdy is it gonna be ? 

A:  we want it to to hold up to somebody's child , you know , throwing it across the room 

A:  so ball-shaped , uh you know , if it were ball-shaped maybe , 

C:  It could be cased on the outside 

A:  we want it to be modern , fun , sturdy , 

A:  It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros 

A:  goals for profits are I think somewhere around uh fifty million Euros , what they wanna make on it , so . 

D:  Also since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association , 

A:  marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing <laugh> remote control out there . 

D:  And maybe as far as design goes , maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences , 

A:  Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like ? 

A:  We want it to be a b a ball , 

C:  I could draw sorta the ball idea . 

C:  this is where it's connected together , 

C:  Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it . 

C:  I think , sometimes remotes have too many buttons , 

C:  if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it . 

B:  um  the ball is a nice idea 

B:  Also also you risk the hinges here . That's that's um a problem . 

B:  so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , 

B:  but that's of course a weak point , yeah . 

A:  I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? 

B:  The shape is perhaps not the most ideal . 

B:  there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so . 

C:  I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , 

A:  it's not innovative , 

A:  everybody does long remote 

D:  My idea was just to have it be kind of like a 

D:  We could also try to do the hinge thing , 

C:  but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier . 

C:  I mean maybe design something , that's sort of like <other> 

A:  So perhaps the the joystick  the the keyboard idea might work better . 

A:  Because even  I suppose even with the ball 

C:  it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . 

C:  I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job . 

B:  if it's small it probably looks better , 

B:  may not be th as functional . 

A:  say we went with the ball the ball function 

A:  But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . 

A:  And then we have the problem with the hinge . 

B:  The question is also , I dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ? 

A:  so then we forget the ball . 

A:  So we've got our sort of keyboard kind . 

B:  Question is what makes those game pads functional ? 

B:  I think that's pretty much the form for full hand . 

B:  Except for that I think we'll not  probably not get a get away from some longer design . 

B:  and  Batteries go weak as well , 

A:  Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side ? 

B:  O of course the more technology you stick in that , the more it'll cost , so . 

B:  but um it's rather about an instinctual thing , 

B:  Otherwise the design of  or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work . 

A:  just to finish up , 

A:  And then marketing will look and see what uh what people want . 

C:  it says on there what we need to do for the next meeting , I think . 

A:  And Project Manager will design a better meeting for next <laugh> time around , 

