A:  We have some  we have some ideas and some uh 

A:  let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting . 

A:  Then I believe each of you have a presentation . 

A:  Um then we can come to a conclusion on uh what we want the remote to do , 

A:  the last meeting we went over um <other> who was responsible for what . 

A:  Um <other> Ryan is our User Interface Designer . 

A:  <laugh> Um we decided our remote , 

A:  Um we want to be modern , um fun , different . 

A:  so we gonna have that locator function . 

A:  Um and we want to be different . 

A:  Um and then we went over a couple of different ideas . Ball-shaped phone . The keyboard shape . 

D:  this is my report , 

D:  first of all , the method that I used was by doing some marketing research , 

D:  I think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed . 

D:  They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls . 

D:  And eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy . 

D:  I think that's definitely important . 

D:  Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot . 

D:  Um and fifty percent of the users say that they're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control . 

D:  they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons . 

D:  I think we could definitely eliminate 

D:  thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote . 

D:  as far as speech recognition goes , um the younger group looks like they're all for it . 

D:  so maybe we could discuss this 

D:  and decide if we think it's worth investing in this . At least if we're targeting the younger groups . 

D:  in conclusion . Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct . 

D:  Uh we need to simplify the remote 

A:  Now we actually have some ideas of what what people want , 

C:  Having just listened to what Corinne just said , 

C:  I'm just gonna yeah approach the technical functions design . 

C:  Um I had some things sent to me . Not very much . 

C:  Um we discussed a universal one . 

C:  But I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design , and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it , 

C:  You have to set them , reset them to everything . 

C:  here here's just two pictures of remote controls . 

C:  But one is uh user-centred . 

C:  And you can straight away see there's less buttons . 

C:  and on what the  have said and the market research and stuff  probably looking at something that should be user-centred . 

C:  maybe the other fifty percent , the buttons that are used very rarely like programming , they could be hidden maybe 

C:  some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they're hidden away . 

C:  the major findings  market researchers have said , it's the image and the appearance that people di dislike . 

C:  our product I think should be user interface orientated . Um  

B:  Gonna talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically 

B:  I'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board . 

B:  This is the basic basic premise of a remote control . 

B:  An energy source feeds an integrated circuit , like a chip , 

B:  Um there's uh also some sound systems 

B:  that can compose messages . <other> Often in the form of infrared bits . 

B:  A user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages . 

B:  Um what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there . 

B:  which is usually a battery 

B:  This energy source of course is connected to the the user interface itself <other> . 

B:  Um the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp . 

B:  And  Of course that's controlled , the chip itself is controlled by the user interface . 

B:  The the uh energy source for one thing can be altered . 

B:  Um as we've heard uh speech recognition is the hype obviously in the moment . 

B:  <cough> The user interface . That's something we can also discuss . 

B:  We cannot change the chip 

B:  Or if we just do the usual button thing . 

B:  And of course the energy source . Batteries . Solar cells . 

B:  Of course it's always a question whether these these components are in fact <cough> available cheap enough , developed enough . 

A:  the more complex we make it of course , the more expensive  

A:  younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote . 

C:  I think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work . 

A:  I  myself I find , when you , h when there's something like spee speech recognition . 

A:  and you find yours , like you said , saying the same thing over and over and over . 

D:  Another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they'd do it , 

D:  I don't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves , a fifteen year old you know . 

A:  It's a , it's a gimmick factor that they like at first , 

A:  I was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements . 

A:  Um no teletext . Um  

A:  the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan , 

A:  We want something that looks good . 

A:  Um from all all three of your uh presentations , I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting . 

A:  Um we want something that's simple . 

A:  probably , I would say , probably not worth the investment at this point in time . 

C:  I did have have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing . 

C:  if it came with maybe a holder or holster , whatever you wanna call it . 

C:  But if you don't put it back in , you press something like a little button on that , 

A:  That'd be , that'd be good if we were going with our our ball . 

A:  that could be the charger . 

A:  we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote . 

A:  However , however you wanted to go about it , the holder could also be the charging unit . Um  

A:  I guess after the meeting <other> we'll have some questionnaires . 

A:  Then we can come back and uh work on our individual work . 

A:  It looks like you're already on your way for uh working with the components . 

A:  User interface concept , we want it to be something simple . 

C:  I do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one-handed . 

A:  Um  Shall we maybe shoot for a a specific uh target group ? 

A:  if we were shooting for young guys then it's um a certain look to the remote . Or girls or older people ? 

C:  I don't know if that might cope with like the trend-watching . 

D:  but maybe by the next meeting we'll have some info on that . 

A:  we'll just say we've got a colour scheme for it . 

A:  yellow it's nice and bright , 

A:  maybe we could flare it or something . 

A:  of course this will look like a bone then . 

C:  it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones , and the shapes that the they've been going . 

A:  mobile phones um they've kind of taken a turn to where they're really small . 

A:  <other> Maybe we could go with a square or something . Um  

A:  with minimal number of buttons . 

A:  Uh you've got volume , up and down . 

A:  I guess you've got you know one through nine . For typing in your channels . 

A:  Channel up and down . 

D:  Power . 

A:  Um a mute . 

A:  A menu button , maybe . 

A:  if we want the remote to do other things like um  or I guess the T_V_ to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into T_V_s , we just have that under one standard menu button 

A:  scroll up and down to select it . 

A:  press the menu button , 

B:  Talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad . 

B:  Would probably be like a scrolling , little scrolling wheel like this . 

A:  Like a wheel on your mouse . 

B:  if we're coming from mice , we can even add a click function , 

B:  Also when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing , if you wanna make it square for the looks of it , then maybe to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing , you add a little bulge down here . 

B:  Then you hold it in your hand like this . 

C:  the bigger ones you know they could actually be bigger in size than the ones that are less important , the smaller here . 

B:  You can also have it , maybe , talking about mobile phones again , sliding open . 

C:  on a sort of side view . Something that you know it would sort of fit in the hand better . 

B:  causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually . So . 

C:   instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person . 

D:  Maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote . <laugh> Special order . 

A:  it should be probably designed for a right-handed p person . 

C:  I mean I'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort of  that sort of <other>  the sort of early idea we had , with the way that was more like that , 

B:  If we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one . 

B:  Mm . Then there's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing . 

B:  and just a couple of functions in there . Like your zap zapping device is just u channels up-down , uh volume , and on-off . 

B:  You give it the full functions in here , 

B:  Means the big one has to be sufficiently big . 

A:  you're watching trends 

A:  Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use . 

A:  let's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece . 

A:  and then then in about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting . 

A:  I gu I guess we'll take lunch in about uh half an hour . 

