B:  I will uh present here agenda with with with with slides to you . 

B:  first uh just to mention I will take notes uh of this meeting 

B:  I've also made notes of the previous meeting 

D:  So y you are the secretary also . 

B:  Yes . Indeed . 

B:  Um then I will uh bring in some some some new requirements 

B:  I try to work them out , 

B:  in this meeting we should really <other> try to reach a decision about the target group and the functionality of the  

D:  You mean the social target group who we wants to target ? 

B:  Yes I mean well yes w who are we going to uh to well to sell this , 

B:  And then uh we will close this meeting uh 

B:  uh Anna can you c do you have a presentations ? 

A:  I c I can talk about it 

B:  Yes yes maybe maybe you can uh can just talk about it 

A:  I've just been um presented with some research we've done in a small focus group 

A:  a hundred people , just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they want in a remote control . Um . 

A:  I've just got a web page with some data on it . 

A:  Uh . Fifty percent of users say that they only use ten percent of the buttons , 

B:  Do you Do you have this uh information on the web page you said ? 

A:  I have an a web page yes . 

B:  mayb maybe you can can send an email to me later uh . Uh about this . 

A:  there's a breakdown of how much they use the different functions on a rem remote control . 

A:  Um . And thirty  twenty six percent said remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . 

A:  Um and then it's got a demographic breakdown 

D:  Maybe y y you cannot put this webpage online on the  

A:  Uh I should be able to actually , if I email it to you now . 

D:  these numbers have have to be have to be taken into account for the uh both yeah user interface and functional design . 

D:  and we need to select to to constraint uh our design based on what is more important . 

A:  Um , one thing is interesting is talking about um speech recognition in a remote control . 

D:  it would be all based on speech . 

D:  Interesting idea . 

A:  I think that would not work so well . 

B:  it would it would be a solution for uh when your remote control is lost , 

B:  I'm not sure whether we will we can make this for <laugh> for twelve Euro fi and fifty cents <laugh> . 

D:  And we don't know where the state of the art of speech recognition is , 

C:  there is uh it's a very small vocabulary that you want to do the operations like you want to say on , off , one , two , twenty three , 

D:  But it's quite noisy if there is the T_V_ uh shouting . 

A:  This is now talking about um who would pay for speech recognition in a remote control , who would pay more for it , um . 

A:  seventy six percent for twenty five to thirty five , 

A:  it really depends where we're gonna be targeting this product , um , 

A:  Another thing it's talking about there is the L_C_D_ screen 

D:  I think as everybody knows uh I'm the uh Industrial Designer . 

D:  the basic function of a remote control is to send uh messages to another system that is fixed . 

D:  an energy source feeds an integrated circuit , the chip , 

D:  the main point is that I would wish to to make a really functional product . 

D:  as it's important to take into account the user requirements from the Marketing uh Expert uh Anna 

D:  we should agree on what are the technical functions uh for this remote control 

D:  Uh we want an on off button , 

D:  it's simple 

D:  the components I quickly draw here , 

D:  in this part you have the remote control the the sender and on the other part the receiver 

D:  my aim would be to uh design the and choose the chips and the infrared um components to build the remote control 

D:  of course we need energy sources and uh uh the receiver a a receiver . 

D:  what I have found and <laugh> after a lot of work actually I <laugh> I draw this I draw for you this uh schema 

D:  <laugh> <cough> <laugh> And uh that's it so I won't go into details about that 

B:  <other> And and why do you want these kind of component ? 

D:  and yeah th you have always a compromise with uh reliability and uh i if it's expensive , 

D:  this one also really uh reliable 

D:  that's it for the working design , 

B:  What I w what I was thinking about uh the the the schema uh about uh the sender and the receiver , 

B:  can you can you get back to it ? 

B:  the receiver is of course already in the television 

B:  So we we must adapt to the to the receiver . 

D:  We will use uh <other> infrared protocol uh using <other> yeah infrared 

D:  and of course we need to adapt to that protocol that already exists 

D:  but we what we can do is uh uh adapting <other> the the chips inside uh to the best uh chips and uh infrared bubbles . 

C:  it's just you had to change the frequencies . 

C:  <other> But you should be careful , 

C:  like a guy has recently designed a remote 

D:  we should take that into account 

B:  I think M Mael will will consider this uh th these things . 

C:  I'm going to talk a little bit about the technical function 

C:  basically the idea is to send a message to the T_V_ set , 

C:  and usually we it is easier to have uh keys or buttons 

C:  and then um changing a button will basically uh change the message which is being sent to the T_V_ 

C:  as um Anna has said that this ki people are interested in things which are you don't need to k press the keys , 

C:  there are two kinds of uh remote if you popularly in the household , 

C:  you have a standard T_V_ remote 

C:  this is the standard one with without any fancy thing 

C:  like i it doesn't have teletext option , 

C:  And then you have uh what's the v video remote file 

C:  usually it has almost all the keys over there 

C:  but it then it has other options like stop uh and then you play the movie or uh or fo fast forward the movie or something like that so i it has those 

C:  personal preferences 

A:  How would that work ? 

A:  so is it gonna be like a switch on the remote that says t use the T_V_ or use the V_C_R_ ? 

C:  you can have a key which could tell y it could go to the video thing 

C:  in that case when it you use that the function should be able to take up the V_C_R_ option 

C:  in in few ye coming years you might even have a system where you have a separate uh sitting setup box 

C:  suppose you are not able to watch some programme and actually it downloading all the time for you 

C:  In that case you want to browse faster , browse slow , you want to have those kind of functionalities <other> . 

D:  These are kind of next generation <other> functionalities . 

B:  I mean the hard disk uh recorders uh I I've seen them in the shop . 

C:  and you and you you need basically the functionalities what you need in both uh uh video as well as in the standard T_V_ thing . 

A:  But I don't think we're trying to make a universal remote here . 

B:  W w w w we need to decide on on on on in how far we go to in this . 

C:  for example uh the presently the video market actually uh this demand , video over-demand or what we call it as , it's presently <other> booming up actually 

C:  you want to watch a movie and uh your p your provider gives a list of movies , and then you select those list . 

B:  I have uh received some some some some well points of of thinking over of my account manager 

B:  first thing is uh teletext is a well known feature of televisions 

B:  Do we include it , and do we give it a prominent uh prominent uh place on on on the on well huh on the remote mot control itself . 

B:  further yes we must think , uh do we stay uh to to television only , the television as we as we all know it with with broadcasting signals and you can't go back 

B:  or do we uh uh go further as Matthew indicated by supporting uh uh recording uh devices ? 

B:  Um , furthermore , uh , w we need really need to interest uh <other> y younger customers 

B:  <other> younger people like trendy  trendy designs , 

C:  right now if you take it you have like zero , one , two , three like a keys separately , 

C:  so that you don't see two separate keys there actually 

B:  Ma Maybe Maybe you can draw it on the on the board uh  

A:  Mm . But I think taking the idea of getting inspiration from mobile phones is interesting , especially if we're going after a younger market , 

C:  for example you have uh presently uh keys like one , two , three like this , actually , and uh uh four five six like that and uh you can have keys like this in form like uh keys like that 

A:  there's lot there's lots of pretty mobile phones , 

A:  'Cause we haven't talked about demographic at all 

A:  How much longer have we got for the meeting by the way ? 

C:  you you you can have uh keys like uh which are which are like so . 

C:  so we basically don't change the uh original order of them 

C:  so the keys can be it looks you know not very much cluttered 

B:  Uh we should now uh try to decide um on our target group . 

A:  Um , basically we're trying to get people to buy a remote control <other>  

B:  So our our our remote control has to be better . 

A:  'cause it's only a low market , it's a cheap-end remote control , 

A:  we might  we'll be able to <other> beat them on th the look of it , th the design of it 

A:  they're not just going to buy a new remote control just 'cause it looks pretty , 

B:  I think <other> many people said uh in your in in your research uh uh uh the appearance of the uh R_C_ is is important when they are buying one 

A:  Mm . But if people are buying a new remote control for functionality they'll buy a universal remote . 

B:  So your you think we should go for a more u universal high-performance  

A:  We We're not building a universal remote , 

D:  we have yeah twelve point five Euros uh per uh per R_ s R_C_ 

D:  now you know that chips are very uh cheaps 

A:  If we're getting into universal remote territory , we're getting to L_C_D_ screens and things like that 

A:  we can't , with the price range . 

B:  I don't know . I don't know whether that's necessary . 

B:  because uh universal remote controls uh tend to be uh quite expensive . 

B:  because it has more uh it it is in some kind universal . 

A:  But if we're going for the say fifteen to twenty five age group then not many of them would actually own T_V_s to use a remote control on . 

B:  but w we're targeting I think on more on the on the twenty to forty group . 

A:  I don't know really what the the price range for remote controls is . 

B:  uh when we think it over I thi I think we are trying to offer the a kind of universal control for for less money . 

C:  Well  Well I it's fine with me like the price as long as it is uh not too expensive . 

D:  because we have to take into account that we are gonna b we are gonna sell uh four aro around four million 

B:  then we we decide on on on going to this more universal kind of control . 

C:  And uh basically you can look to the standards of other  

D:  And if we want to get the market , we really need that . 

A:  I guess what I'd like from a universal remote is maybe choosing between three devices , being able to switch between them , there may be stereo , V_C_R_ and T_V_ . 

C:  you can also browse through all the standards you know , where are the limit of standards for all of them and you can just browse through them . 

B:  so when it looks too too spacey or too fancy people will think well does it work at all . 

B:  uh m <other> maybe it is good when you try to find out which components you therefore need 

C:  and we'll I'm sure we'll up something good 

B:  we uh we can have lunch now . 

B:  after lunch you have uh we have uh thirty minutes of work 

