B:  I suggest we start the meeting uh without Matthew uh 

B:  Today uh we will uh talk about uh conceptual design . 

B:  we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh . 

B:  do you ha Anna do you have your presentation ready ? 

D:  I think  <other> yeah the  Matthew it is it's important that Matthew yeah is here 

B:  there is Matthew . 

A:  this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we're gonna use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment . 

A:  we have to work out a way  what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wanna buy it . 

A:  <other> We basically used um some focus group surveys 

A:  and um some research on the current design um and fashion trends that are out there at the moment um , 

A:  The important aspects that came out were things that we've already discussed really . 

A:  we need to have something that looks interesting , that looks exciting , that will stand out . 

A:  That was twice as i important as the next item on here 

A:  People have to then think about it and say  got something there that I want . That's a really cool feature , 

A:  Third on the list , and again innovative was twice as important as this last um aspect , 

A:  spongy is the current thing . Spongy is the current texture , 

D:  can you repeat 

A:  but basically there are no reports no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all , 

A:  going with the fruit and vegetable idea , we've got the bright colours , so makes it stand out , the oranges and the the bright yellows and the florescent colours , part of the fruit and vegetables um . 

A:  a lot of them have the changeable covers , 

A:  Textured feel we just talked about . 

A:  So if it's part of the the changeable covers then may maybe they can choose a different texture , a spongy one or a soft one or something like that . 

D:  Yeah that's a very good idea , yeah . 

A:  still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design so functionality , the way the mobile phones work , the way the keypad looks . 

A:  Um we talked about having a way of finding a remote control if it's been lost , 

A:  There are other aspects like L_C_D_ screens and speech recognition which weren't  I don't think , in my personal opinion , gonna be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them . 

A:  and very  will be a really cool feature to put in . 

A:  maybe we just , the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe , by themselves , 

A:   and then th th the finer details of buttons you don't use as much either hidden away or completely separate . 

B:  Yes the the the there are changeable covers , 

A:  we can afford to have two or three different designs at least . 

B:  I mean those covers could go for for three , five Euro <other> . 

C:  then the the idea of uh having a remote is generally you have uh different keys and uh different structures , different forms , 

C:  So what I have found was that uh currently uh the  they are mostly that the T_V_ , V_C_R_ , music system operated ones actually , 

C:  for example if you want to follow the V_C_R_ and if you want to follow the uh g uh s some uh soundtrack on the w w see they have the common thing actually you can have 

A:  I like the idea though of having speech recognition for like the n the name of a channel like B_B_C_ , rather than having to remember the the number of it on the keypad . 

C:  because uh as more and more channels come then you have more and more problems to remember the v v exact channel numbers ex exactly , 

C:  There is also um a speech recognition to store channel information , names , 

C:  if you have a multiple functionality , say T_V_ , V_C_R_ or something I say it to the T_V_ and the  T_V_ , and you can programme the keys if you want to , certain keys are even the channel information <other> . 

C:  In the present market I saw it that says something like they are looking for <other> eighty word thing , eighty word , 

A:  Maybe ten channels , yeah at the most . 

C:  like the remote with L_C_D_ display for browsing 

C:  for example I can use a simple toggle switch , and a display , 

C:  there can be children friendly 

C:  I personally would look at <other> things like having a u universal remote , 

C:  instead of having  unusual ones for all of them you can think of having , um with multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition . 

A:  But a coffee machine , there's not too many words they'd be using with that it's a it's a small vocabulary . 

C:  so it's a limited vocabulary mm thing , and very isolated word 

C:  and maybe having something like a blinking thing , 

D:  y you want to let the user to programming the keys ? Some of them ? 

C:  Yeah you can let them to do that . 

D:  And uh isn't that too difficult 

D:  I don't know if we still want the um R_C_ to be easy to use , 

C:  it d depends on the easiness like the user how much effort he can put . 

A:  You can have it so it's easy  they can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it , 

B:  because I I'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve Euro and fifty cents . 

B:  so this might be a little limiting for your creativity , 

B:  do we think these ideas <other> an and my uh sp speech recognition , I mean maybe it's possible for for twelve Euro 

D:  <other> I would say that for programming uh keys , you said , uh it could be uh easily uh done within the the package of twel twelve Euros , 

D:  i if if it's a low vocabulary it's already implemented , 

A:  I like the idea too of being able to use the remote in the dark , 

C:  maybe if you added little bit of  display , 

C:  like if you have an L_C_D_ display and all those things it's not going to be the standard remote , 

C:  uh which need just uh six six volt uh th sorry three volts um of D_C_ . 

C:  so y you you may need to check your battery usage 

C:  and then you need that , some functionality to indicate the battery limit . 

D:  what I'm gonna present here is very uh um yeah basic knowledge about the all the the components that are inside a a R_C_ a remote control , and how is it manufactured h what is the process , just to explain you . 

D:  there is a a set of components in a in a remote control 

D:  the the components in themself do not cost a lot 

D:  there are two uh different types of uh um  Two different ways of using the the components for making a a remote control . 

D:  the other components and the circuit board  buttons , infrared <laugh> , led , etcetera , for the components 

D:  just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed , 

D:  electronic parts are assembled onto uh printed boards 

D:  I think <other> for our design we want some b uh programmable uh you know V_ V_L_S_I_ or F_P_G_A_ uh high technology , 

D:  and also we'll use uh yeah like in any uh high-tech uh devices a chip of fi fibreglass to  them and connect them . 

D:  my personal design <other> 

B:  m m maybe m maybe we can give the uh the uh the case a very uh uh normal a v very normal case but , with the changeable covers to fancy it up . 

D:  they also emailed me that uh they have <other> available a bunch of different buttons , a scroll wheels , integrated push buttons s such as a  computer mouse . And uh very cheap L_C_D_s , so liquid crystal displays , 

D:  we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip , 

D:  And the display requires an advanced chip , 

D:  And uh for the designing of the cove uh uh cover layout then it's better to to to maybe see that with uh the the U_R_ exp U_R_I_ Expert 

C:  for example uh I wanted to know like if you want to have a a fo if you want to have the L_C_D_ display over there , 

D:  it's kind of um simple  pro progra programmable device , and we have to insert . 

C:  How f cost effective it would be to put that car chip into it and do the programmable things . 

B:  I think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this . 

B:  I understand uh when we want a display we need a expensive chip , 

D:  Exactly yeah that's a very good idea , 

B:  when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget , uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip , 

C:  I don't know if it'll fit into our cost of twelve point five Euro you know . 

D:  I think both uh  if we had a budget of twenty twenty uh Euros , it will be okay , 

A:  maybe we need specific costings then . 

A:  do maybe two designs 

B:  wh when you make a <other> a design ca you can <other>  next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price . 

C:  like what will be the each individually the cost of it . 

C:  uh  'cause it's  I think it's m much easier to use a plastic or a rubber  rather than wood . 

B:  I think uh I think we can just use more cheap plastic for a kind of basic edition , 

D:  but i it's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood , 

B:  Let let's say next meeting w <other> you produce two designs , one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price . 

B:  We now can concentrate on the on the basic remote control . 

C:  We can give them smooth keys , 

C:  The the problem most of the time we've seen , the keys is that it's small , 

C:  for example , as I was  if you make them big , it may change the look of the thing also to the people . 

D:  and not too m too many keys of course yeah . 

A:  one I've had before , a r r remote control we have at home is one that's actually got a cover on the bottom 

B:  So maybe it's possible uh , I don't know whether you can can indicate this , that you can elsewhere open your remote control and on the inside are uh buttons you don't use that much . 

A:  can we think about maybe having a a non-recta non non-rectangular one , so with not just the straight little box 

D:  maybe we need to also to make a decision on how how how big we want to be 

D:  and how many buttons like n we should <other> dec decide numbers or  

A:  I think we might be out of time out of time for this meeting . 

B:  Ju just make two designs , 

C:  Maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices , if you're using speech recognition or something like that . 

A:  is there anything else I need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting ? 

B:  uh , I don't know whether that's possible , 

A:  is this <other> me designing a way to evaluate it 

B:  <other> I don't know whether that's possible uh in the given time 

B:  you two will be together w working on a o on two prototypes 

C:  One for like cost and the one with like higher-end 

B:  let's call this to an end . 

