B:  Matthew is uh late again . 

B:  it is important for him to be here uh . 

C:  but still I think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer . I think we can put on the  here . 

B:  we will just we just have to continue . 

B:  just for record I I will take uh notes again . 

B:  first thing uh I was uh uh I got an email from uh from my superior again 

B:  maybe Anna , you can have your presentation . 

A:  we can't do evaluation 'til we have a design . 

B:  Matthew . Nice uh you are here . 

B:  ma maybe then you can start now with mm presenting your uh your designs . 

C:  I will start by the the basic one 

C:  first for both they have um a special shape , 

C:  but uh it's like a surf board . 

C:  And also it's not too far from um a mobile . 

C:  Don't take care too much about the colour 

D:  Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now . 

C:  the on-off button , in red . 

D:  so you can go up and down the channels , 

C:  How can you change from V_C_R_ to uh T_V_ , by the way ? 

D:  this is a standard T_V_ one , 

D:  and then we have usually there twelve keys 

B:  Exce except for the for the special shape , the surfing board , it has a quite a a conventional layout of buttons uh . 

D:  uh i i i it is a very futuristic , 

B:  Yes it really feels like like like a mobile phone . 

D:  then the this is the <other> a more a little uh smooth 

D:  uh th you see there are only six keys , 

D:  they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here . 

D:  and then you have a power button , which l volume , what you have , 

C:  Play , pause . 

D:  yeah s pause or stop , 

D:  you have a L_C_D_ display , here 

D:  it's a toggle switch 

B:  From D_V_D_ player to television or something . 

B:  and and and then you get feedback via the L_C_D_ 

D:  you can have a integrated microphone over here , 

C:  This is the orange button , the <other> microphone . 

D:  you want to do a speech recognition and uh that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the um on your on your display . 

D:  which tells you like uh are you running out of the battery , 

D:  then we have a cover 

D:  <other> when you need you can use it , 

B:  but but but but uh i in there uh when this is closed , will it also uh cover up the L_C_D_ screen ? 

D:  Yeah . 

D:  Actually when you are watching the T_V_ , <other> when you are watching anything or listening to them , you hardly care about what is getting displayed here , 

D:  and this gives a protection to the L_C_D_ actually , giving a cover to that actually . Gives a protection 

C:  It's low weight . You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight . 

D:  Sixteen Euros . 

A:  So it's well outside the budget then . 

C:  But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer . 

D:  Three Euros . 

A:  That's on top of the sixteen , 

C:  part of that , yeah . 

A:  So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition . 

D:  if you have new more ideas we can add new more uh some more keys 

C:  we should <other> stick with uh a number of keys 

D:  it it should not be cluttering up everything . 

A:  I like the shape of them , 

B:  Be before ta talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible , maybe Anna you can uh give our uh give us your um  

A:  And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products , both of these two . 

B:  and also the evaluation criteria , so what what is important to look at . 

A:  it's just a shortlist of criteria on um the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product . 

A:  <other> These are the things we identified as being important . 

A:  do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now 

B:  why not why not discuss uh discuss it now ,   

A:  just go through onto the whiteboard I guess . 

A:  look and feel , innovation   

D:  And now it  easy to use . 

A:  you following the idea of using the um removable covers on these ? 

B:  w w we can still discuss that . 

B:  and together with evaluating this uh we we might come with new ideas 

B:  um I've received uh a framework which we can do this . 

A:  the first one was really <other> very far below budget , 

B:  my my personal view is uh w when when this one is eight Euros we must think how can we improve it . 

B:  because th th th the the selling price is already prite fik uh uh quite fixed on twenty five Euros 

B:  this is these are the the the latest prices of our production uh uh production unit for several components , 

B:  Th th this is the first design . 

A:  Um w <other> one's bad 

A:  one's true 

B:  Look and feel . 

B:  In i in my opinion purely feel is is is very good , is very good in your hand , 

B:  we should also consider look , 

A:  On the scale u it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at , 

B:  Ma ma ma ma maybe say say five 

D:  but uh still I will give four in that case 

D:  the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say <laugh> 

C:  we we designed the two uh items . 

C:  If you press like this not like this 

D:  C can you get the batteries ? 

A:  isn't it the ink ? 

A:  I think it's lost a battery . 

A:  Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working , 

A:  but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard . 

A:  I think it's slightly better , um , 

D:  which which 'll be covering in a curve  

D:  actually this is this is not going to protrude actually , 

A:  The other thing is , is the left hand one protruding ? 

A:  I'd say two or three for that one , personally . 

B:  So so <laugh> I would also say this is four . 

D:  because right uh for example if you press it quite inside now like this , now it's embedded one . 

C:  So I will say two . 

A:  it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one . 

C:  Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market , 

D:  No but except for the design of the surf <laugh> . 

A:  Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it ? 

D:  I think it's more of the feel . 

A:  But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all , 

C:  And the  And the second one is really uh state of the art , uh in terms of innovation . 

A:  So I'd be up for seven for innovation . 

C:  And um with many more functionalities , 

C:  And all the scrolling uh buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this . 

B:  A and the L_C_D_ screen is  

C:  Uh could put it at one or two I would say . Personally . 

A:  Th th there were different options we discussed then , 

B:  and then we will will try to get it in the budget . 

B:  We just diske discuss it as you designed it 

A:  Innovation for this one is two ? One ? 

A:  the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it , 

B:  <laugh> then it's I think one . 

A:  Ease of use ? 

C:  the first one is really standard , 

A:  So that's maybe a a two for ease of use . 

C:  Um , the other one is quite easy , tho though . 

D:  Uh , though it has more functionality 

A:  So maybe a three or a four . 

C:  maybe sometimes people get uh scared with the number of buttons . 

C:  because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so ,   

D:  actually the user has to put some effort to do  use that actually , 

B:  So so I think th three is good . Yeah . 

A:  uh how well it goes to the target demographic . 

A:  we're d we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds ? 

D:  I would I would give this model to the old people actually . 

A:  So sh completely changed our demographic there , 

B:  exce except for the surfing shape . I mean that's that's something which which has an appeal on this group I think , 

A:  If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being  applying to the the demographic 

B:  Mm w w w we  after this we can can consider uh for instance , making this more attractive to to the demographic 

A:  'Cause we have got room , we've got some budget there to add a few things to it , 

B:  But as it is now , I w would say mm , six , something . 

C:  because it's so important  it's i it was written that it really so important , the um the the look and uh taking care of its  it targets , the right range of people , 

D:  but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap , actually . 

C:  <other> we have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros . 

A:  There's nothing that would make me spend an extra k few Euros on that one rather than another one . 

D:  So in that case well it's fine then . 

A:  and the demokraphi demographic of the second one ? 

C:  if we we wish to to sell four millions of this , I think for this audience we need absolutely the L_C_D_ screen . 

A:  I think especially if we're gonna n have an L_C_D_ screen on a low range product then that's good . 

A:  I'd probably go with three again for that one . 

C:  Or even  Even one and two . Or two . 

D:  Yeah two yeah . 

D:  because you can add <other> lot of sophistication on that . 

A:  And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well , 

B:  the final point , trends . 

A:  the trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel . 

A:  as it is , not really doing either of them . 

C:  Spongy , uh , that means that it goes in in the water . <laugh> 

A:  the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well , 

A:  have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons 

A:  that feels kinda spongy . 

A:  but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons 

D:  Yeah . We we we we we yeah , it's the way they are going to be , actually . 

C:  the maybe in the colour we can make it uh fruit and and veggie . 

A:  But that's if you're using the covers . 

B:  uh uh is it possible do you think , to to make a cover for s such a phone ? 

A:  they make it for mobiles , 

B:  just with the with the flexible plastic uh  

A:  So you got the option of having different colours or different textures . 

D:  Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone , yeah . 

B:  we can put the the <other> the fancy f look of vegetables for instance , to to these covers 

A:  I think the  if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics , 

A:  even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out , you'll still be able to put a new cover on it 

C:  look at this computer , th this laptop , it's all black , 

A:  And then you have the option of having the different colours , different covers . 

A:  Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the um on the other one . 

A:  'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them . 

B:  Say , say one and two . One and two . 

A:  the average of that is three six nine divided by five , so five  mm nine by five , one point s eight ? 

D:  One point eight yeah . 

C:  Very good . 

A:  But we still got a very different price for those two 

B:  or we just have to choose . And adapt . 

B:  We  we must try to get them closer . 

A:  it's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out . 

C:  Uh unfortunately we didn't see this chip , uh Matthew , 

B:  and w when we  to d for this one we have to make it more cheap . 

B:  let's let's try to to model this this phone in this sheet , 

D:  Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this , yeah . 

B:  uh what kind of energy source uh 

B:  It's a  it's a normal battery , or  

D:  maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually . 

B:   given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip . 

C:  Uh sample speaker , yeah . 

B:  Double curve . 

B:  Uh , plastic would be the material . 

D:  Are you talking about this or that ? 

B:  but they have the same shape , 

B:  Uh special colour , now we leave it to the covers . 

A:  now we're either going button or L_C_D_s , L_C_D_ display . 

C:  It's okay . Just say L_C_D_  . 

A:  So it would need twelve buttons . 

D:  we might need a scroll wheel , right , for that ? 

C:  but for this one it's twelve Euro . 

B:  So this comes to eighteen . 

A:  And that's without any special button supplements . 

A:  we'd have a special colour , special form and special material on all of them . 

C:  it's not it's not double curved , 

A:  it's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well , that's what I thought . 

A:  we've got those  the scroll wheel on the side 

B:  I'm I'm no I'm no I'm not sh sure . 

C:  The bt buttons , we have twelve buttons , are you sure ? 

A:  We've got a scroll wheel for the volume 

A:  this is even more than the um than the cost you gave , the sixteen Euros . 

D:  That is the sample sensor and sample speaker . 

B:  We  We could go for the for the for the for the for a simple chip , 

B:  this would this would be cutting the speech recognition . 

C:  but if you have the  near the L_C_D_ you can um <other> choose  select between um you know like uni universal between audio , T_V_ and V_C_R_ , 

C:  I think yeah regular , today we you can do that with regular chip . 

B:  and we still on fifteen , 

C:  And what about the number of buttons buttons uh  <other> my Matthew ? 

B:  when we just want to uh to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty . 

A:  <other> But that's seven basic buttons right , seven buttons without any adds-on , without special colours or form or material . 

A:  the L_C_D_ display is is three Francs , sorry three Euros , by itself . 

C:  We we really want a L_C_D_ 

A:  So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget , 

C:  So wha what what each of us think about the  because it's measure point the L_C_D_ , um  

D:  Or we could even replace them by buttons actually . 

C:  Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact , you have a big display 

D:  A actually it depends , it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it , 

A:  I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . 

D:  Okay so we can get rid of it 

A:  and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display , there's no way we can get it in there . 

B:  <laugh> S so who thinks the the L_C_D_ disply display should be i should be in it ? 

A:  I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening . I can't see it fitting in . 

B:  having an L_C_D_ s display is just uh uh have very very limited amount of buttons . 

B:  So hav hav having seven buttons , instead of twelve . 

C:  uh actually we could in fact we move these three buttons 

B:  I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen . That that's that's my opinion . 

C:  The speech recognition is out . Because of the budget , yeah . 

A:  are we basically back to the original one now , back to the first version ? 

B:  and that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price , 

B:  My m my supervisor will be glad that it's fifty cents cheaper than he expected . 

A:  w we can go back and l talk to the suppliers maybe 

B:  Thank you . 

C:  <laugh> Thanks . 

