A:  So we are here for the concept design meeting . 

A:  So each of you will uh show us the various investigation they've done during uh previous uh hours . 

A:  So maybe we can start with uh industrial design . 

B:  you just have a a very simple chip and the mm the user interface is just done usually by push button 

B:  The push button are usually extremely cheap , 

A:  So will will will this with uh including all possible things , so buttons , wheel and the chip , be uh lower than twelve Euros to produce ? 

B:  We should talk about uh the design of the box also which needs some money . 

C:  You we uh an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed . 

C:  Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff , 

B:  the I I just want to mention the the problem of the the r wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button , 

B:  We we have already some good things uh with um um with the backlight of the push button . 

C:  Um , what is the purpose of the light ? 

A:  You can easily find the button in the dark or so ? 

B:  As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light . 

B:  I don't think that this is really expensive , 

C:  Yeah , but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so , 

A:  But it can be uh battery consuming , no ? 

B:  Yeah , a little bit . 

C:  So I just look at some current designs uh on the web , of usually more complicated remote controls . 

C:  We have all these buttons as you can see , but most of them , we just need the ones in the middle . 

C:  So it's basically more or less how we would like it , with a big volume control , big channel control , and mute and power , 

C:  So basically , w software we will build will look more or less the same as these two . 

A:  With a maybe a more ergonomic design on on the bottom part . 

C:  I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach with your thumb . 

C:  Uh you just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way . 

C:  Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel 

A:  Maybe the wheel will be a <other> good advantage over our competitors . 

D:  And there is a fashion watchers in Paris and Milan that have detected the following trends , 

C:  I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing , 

A:  Yeah , because it's robust . 

A:  I think it's innovative to use the mm the wheel because I think no one else has . 

D:  that's why I think we have to keep that if it's possible . 

A:  Maybe uh um <other> a colour that remember some fruit uh , things like that . 

C:  Well the obvious thing is a banana , I guess . 

A:  Yeah . Maybe pear yeah or something like that . 

B:  And for maybe look and feel , what about a a piece of ice , 

A:  But that's not in the trend . <laugh> . 

A:  <laugh> I think p spongy is good because it it will be robust as well . 

A:  I think we can keep the wheel 

A:  Banana is also yellow so you you can't lost your remote control then . 

B:  but when the banana is curving like that , with the wheel on the top and to control , 

C:  You can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the colour scheme of our company . 

B:  So we will just use a a standard battery ? 

B:  chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use . 

B:  I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box , and that's it . 

A:  I think it's the box that should be spongy , banana's shape . 

