A:  So we are here for the detailed design meeting . 

A:  I will first present what we are going to do in this meeting . 

A:  I will also take notes during this meeting 

A:  <laugh> And uh then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product . 

A:  let's start with the cost aspect 

A:  I look at the aspect discussed last time , 

A:  uh to feel spongy , 

A:  which is uh good , 

A:  for the financial aspect it's okay , 

D:  I made an evaluation 

D:  we have uh six points . 

D:  we we want to have a product fancy look and feel , technologically innovative , easy to use , fashion , <other> easy to find in a room , and robust , 

D:  I have a scale of uh seven points . 

D:  I go through all the uh all the points here , 

D:  And after we ha we have an an average , and uh we see . 

D:  fancy look and feel , what do you think ? 

D:  between o one and seven . 

C:  I give it a  I give it a five . 

A:  <laugh> So I think it's uh very uh very nice . 

A:  it's between one and seven ? 

D:  <other> Seven is the  

A:  I will give a six . 

B:  I will give a a five . 

A:  Maybe we all have to agree on a common  

D:  uh I don't know if you  we ha we have to put uh one uh f If it's better or  

A:  we can choose what we want . 

A:  let's say that seven is the best . 

A:  do note the grade we have five , six for me , 

A:  How much would you give on the fancy aspect , on the fashionable aspect ? 

D:  I think six , it's a good uh  

C:  So it will have five point five average . 

D:  after , the technological aspect ? 

D:  we we said uh we have uh a new technological uh thing with a wheel . 

A:  We also have the rubber material , 

A:  I think I would give a five . 

C:  It's  four . 

B:  A four also , 

C:  are we including the voice in the end or not ? Huh ? 

A:  No . 

A:  Yeah , four . Four , yeah , let's put four . 

D:  Very easy to use . Do you think it's easy to use ? 

C:  I give a seven , I think . 

D:  Mm , six for me also . 

A:  six point five . 

D:  <other> Is it fashion ? <laugh> 

A:  its its f its fruit fruit shape . 

D:  Yeah it's fashion , 

C:  we can we can put a seven here . 

B:  <laugh> Easy to find . 

A:  I think you can't miss it . 

C:  I think it's cool . 

D:  We have the lightning , 

C:  <other> So you'll make the material transparent 

A:  I would say seven . 

D:  Is it  is it robust ? 

A:  it's rubber , made of rubber , 

C:  the only problem there might be  which  know , i if it's very sensitive , 

A:  But it is uh  it is surrounded by rubber material . 

D:  <other> Everybody is okay , six . 

A:  We have to sum up everything . 

D:  Uh if we say that seven it's uh it's the better , 

D:  and when uh s six sit six are good  it's a good uh p product , I think . 

A:  So it's a good evaluation , I think . 

D:  We have a good price 

A:  So this prototype is quite nice . <other> 

A:  So having this at twenty five Euros is uh quite attractive , I think . 

A:  The the the financial aspect were okay . 

A:  we have seen the prototype . 

A:  We we have the cost below uh our threshold 

A:  the cost is in the budget , 

C:  <other> Congratulations to the team . 

A:  I think it was a good collaboration uh . 

