A:  'Kay so we've got our conceptual design meeting . 

A:  'Kay so here's our agenda our agenda . Um 

A:  I'm gonna take some notes . 

A:  I'm gonna let you guys talk before we make decisions . 

A:  Components design . 

B:  So so here's a look inside your really old-looking remote control . 

B:  So you've also got um  you've got your chip here , your batteries here , and some sorta electronics . Um  

B:  so you've got  here's here's a transistor , and this amplifies your signal , 

B:  So um we've got a  i in this in this uh drawing he uh in this example here , this is a eighteen pin um uh chip <sound indicating frustration> I dunno . 

B:  So that's the next bullet is the um the kinetic provision of energy , 

B:  And finally we've got our cradle o our power cradle idea . 

A:  Okay so we basically have battery versus cradle here ? 

C:  I like the kinetic . 

B:  Well it is it is more uh  I mean it is more eco-friendly than the than the cradle 

B:  We have uh choices in materials 

A:  Wood wood would ge would give us a little bit of a marketing niche , wouldn't it . 

B:  I I can't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote , 

D:  whatever product you put in there we can find a way to accentuate it . 

B:  Um my recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a like a rubber outer shell , 

B:  The advantages of working with plastic and rubber is  w we we'll have a lot more um options just in terms of shape 

B:  But basically these are <other> curved and double-curved 

B:  I think curved means just curved in one axis 

B:  Um okay , with the interface we have the following options , 

B:  a regular chip , which is <laugh> like the medium porridge  the <laugh> medium expense uh  

A:  D do we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advanced chip ? 

B:  but I have no numbers to give you , 

B:  A simple chip is required to operate push buttons . 

B:  That's the end of my presentation . 

C:  Oh interface concept . 

C:  our uh manufacturing division wanted the speech recognition . 

C:  It it it  you'll be you know be affected by the by the other speech and  

B:  I mean it'll  if somebody says up in the middle of a television show , it's gonna change the channel . 

A:  But what if you actually had to press a button to make it recognize ? 

B:  Well then why don't you just press the up button ? 

B:  I think it's a bad idea frankly . 

C:  Yeah so um taking that away , our uh  the the the rubber but rubber buttons are the more reliable  

C:  Well , we wanna small r remote control one side 

C:  But um yeah I think we we need to compromise between those two and somehow we'll do that . Somehow . 

A:  So we're suggesting doing a sorta scroll wheel thing for the volume ? 

C:  i i it's just four buttons that are on a cross , 

C:  um yeah so I think we w we go for something mid-sized , 

D:  Trend watching I guess . 

D:  When I s when I see the  when I see the product I I I I don't wanna buy it . 

D:  There's nothing about that product that makes me wanna choose that product over other products that are out there . 

B:  Are you talking about the picture ? 

D:  Okay 'cause 'cause right now I don't have too much to say about how to market this product 

D:  Uh without special or increased marketable features I don't believe the product has a consumer demand . 

D:  what I'm looking for as marketing is m give me something different . 

D:  when we when we have something like the cradle or or something give that's  

A:  I'd I'd say though that we  if we did make the decision to go with the cradle though , the then we have that as well , 

B:  Well right I think the two big th points that we have so far are the  having the cradle 

D:  Just remember when I made up this report I didn't have the information that we're discussing here . 

D:  so what I'm saying is , from my perspective , I don't have a product to market right now . 

D:  Yeah uh again I'm not sold on the product 

D:  If you if you give me  if you give me a cut-out of what everybody else has then I need to I need to find a lower cost . 

A:  So our big <other> questions here really are cradle or not cradle ? 

B:  Well my question is what would the scroll wheel do ? 

B:  <laugh> Yeah . Well it's it's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do . 

D:  now what I see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons . 

A:  What I understand about scroll wheels is they're they're quite expensive to to make . 

B:   if if we're gonna make up the extra cost by extra sales I think maybe it's worth it to do it , 

B:  No we can  we can do multiple scroll wheels but  

A:  my personal preference is focusing the p the product on the idea of the uh the case the the <other> uh dock to put it in  to to charge it . 

A:  It's gonna need to be more expensive because of the cradle . 

A:  What type of casing ? 

B:  I'm thinking  yeah something like kinda almost like these pens , you know , 

B:  and then it's not really rubber 

B:  where there's  you have plastic bits 

B:  but just kinda like a fused  the plastic with rubber on the outside . 

A:  or do we want  if we're ditching the scroll wheels do we want to go L_C_D_ ? 

A:  d d do we want to do anything more basic with the  uh more advanced with the user interface in terms of do we want to go for <other> um buttons , 

B:  Or from from my perspective I think L_C_D_ is a mistake 

B:  and all you're doing  I mean it's  you're not gonna get any information back from the television , 

D:  so you know unless technology changes and information starts coming out of the  a cable box or something there's no s I don't see the , 

A:  So , what we need to know in terms of marketing and uh project management are are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this ? 

B:  Well we have to  I think for me it's still not exactly clear exactly what the inter user interface is gonna be . 

D:  You know the other thing I thought about was you know , do we go to something like this ? 

B:  Well I dunno about like the flip-phone idea , 

D:  I mean what I see  one of the things one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is , when you got children , <other> their their stuff gets inside the circuitry , they get dirty , they get messy with drinks and stuff . 

D:  And what I keep throwing out there  I just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act or in some way identify itself as unique or different . 

A:  and I guess th th the question th <other> th that you're being asked right now is whether  is the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product , 

B:  Um <other> we're probably gonna have to go with a like a medium chip , s I would imagine . 

B:  <other> The locator's gonna require a radio transmitter , 

D:  I think if you can have the base station with a with a locator , I think those are two very strong features , 

D:  I know personally that would be a very attractive feature , is to have a uh have a button I can push to find my remote control . 

A:  And it's presumably gonna need a little speaker in it or something like that as well to beep . 

B:  So the scroll wheel , in or out ? 

A:  Mm pr my personal preference is out . 

B:  For me I think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad . 

D:  <other> I I think there's  you know that uh there are so many people today that are that are surfing  are television surfers , 

B:  Now just just so you know though uh you did bring up a point which is very valid , is a lot of T_V_s won't re the T_V_s won't respond exactly the same . 

B:  so you may like queue up like fifteen channel changes , and it'll be like flip , flip , flip . 

A:  You could basically make it so that it'll  I mean it's just gonna be sending a signal to the T_V_ yeah the T_V_'s ge so if you send about five flip channels , if you did that it's gonna flip once . 

B:  it just might be frustrating where you can't make it go as fast as you want , 

D:  Now the the only thing I I <other>  on the interface side of it , is that <other> I I I see the dilemma . 

D:  So I can go uh <other> presuming I have , on my television , something that tells me what channel I'm on , I can scroll direct from channel five to channel thirty two . 

D:  'cause the television can go automatically from channel five to channel thirty two with the push of a button . Okay ? 

A:  so if  maybe if we had an L_C_D_ up the top that just did a number on it , right ? 

B:  It'll tell you when you flip the channel on the T_V_ . 

A:  How would you program it though ? 

B:  Well you just  it's one extra button . 

D:  And again we have another another great marketing tool . 

A:  The problem we're gonna have is making it robust . 

B:  Oh well we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes , between going through your favourites list and just hitting up one , up two . 

D:  well then you just have , you have a diff you have a mode switch . 

A:  So right details th <other> that we've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel . 

B:  Just so you know I think  I mean it was my understanding that before we were gonna stay in the mid-market range . 

A:  though we haven't got to a stage where we're ready to pin down the price of components . 

A:  So we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to , 

D:  I guess what I just want  to me the next step is for these guys to come come in with the design proposal w with the cost estimate attached , 

B:  I would say thirty five to forty . 

D:  Yeah , I was gonna say thirty five to fifty . 

A:  Thirty five to fifty Euros is our sales bracket okay . 

B:  Let's let's try and think now , how much would you pay for 

A:  But you've gotta think who our target market is 

C:  Okay so we'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber , robust , with scroll wheel , with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff , favourite channels , and and with a cradle , and yeah and the locator . 

A:  The next meeting starts in thirty <other> minutes , 

A:  So we've got more than a thirty minutes . 

A:  Okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and uh  

B:  With a cradle , radio transmitters , and back-lit buttons . 

A:  Just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip , sorta thing or for  

