A:  Okay so we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product , 

A:  And here's the agenda for this meeting . 

A:  And then we're gonna evaluate it . 

C:  Production costs estimated by our manufacturing department and um the research department , which is us , is uh fifteen point eight Euros , 

C:  we implemented the basic functions , 

C:  cradle , 

B:  Scrolling through your favourites list . 

A:  I like the the the the logo on there as well . 

B:  Um so the scroll bar is  or the scroll wheel is this this green little scrolly guy here , 

B:  so this is the cradle unit , 

B:  This is the teletext . 

B:  So this bl this button will be used both for the favourites and for programming <other> your uh the um the type of television you wanna use . 

B:  and the buttons are all gonna be rubber , so it's pretty hard to actually damage it um  

A:  could that be easy to  for the scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it ? 

B:  Yeah that might be a possible a mi uh possible problem , but if you drop it  

A:  I take it that this is gonna be slightly lighter in the final design as well . 

B:  but I think we might scale down the final model a bit . 

C:  So you ha you have like the the base station with um the little button for the where's my remote . 

B:  Beep beep beep . 

B:  And um there's one other feature that we were debating , but we decided to go against it , 

B:  we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger  

B:  but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there . 

A:  But maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling , 

B:  So maybe in a final design phase we might tweak that a little bit , 

A:  But it's definitely got options for like different types of models and things as well based on that , 

B:  So we'll leave the colour scheme up to the marketing people . 

D:  My my s my suggestion is we're gonna go go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions . 

D:  So you're not gonna find my uh my folder up there 

D:  No it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I I I cou I couldn't create it . 

D:  And when I speak about method I speak about the marketing of the product huh . 

D:  The the corporation stands behind the product , okay . 

D:  we've got you know the features that make this a unique product . Um 

D:  we have reliability , we have comfort , we have ergonomics , we have environmentally s sensitive . 

D:  One thing I would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product , a normal use guarantee , 

D:  it has the features and the characteristics , and the background , I believe , to make it marketable I believe at a cost of of of thirty thirty five to to fifty Euros . 

A:  would you a argue that that we're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down into twenty f five as we probably could , but lowering our profit margins ? 

D:  for my evaluation , based on what our competition is , I th I think that that we can go after this 

D:  and at that cost I think it uh  there's nobody else that's putting this this combination of of ingredients together . 

D:  There's gonna be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing doesn't work for my D_V_D_ and my  but I like these other things , so they keep it , they don't take it back . 

C:  W we need we need we need s some more buttons if it would to work on some other stuff , but  

A:  Yeah , the plus there's the the risk of making it unusable as well , or making it less  

A:  Okay so we can talk about finance now . 

A:  I've made a f few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adaptor we can make for a cost of four Euros , 

A:  which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adaptors already . 

A:  uh can be made for a similar price to uh an L_C_ display , 

B:  um I do think we that we we <other> uh don't need the events chip on print , we only need the uh the regular chip on print , 

A:  Is that a single-curved rather than a double-curved ? 

B:  It's single-curved , 

A:  So we come  bring it down to  <other> Fifteen point four . 

B:  See it's a little bit more than f single-curved . 

A:  we haven't talked about any special colour though 

A:  if we're going for greys and silvers then I don't think we're  

A:  is this intended to be a button as well or just a scroll ? 

B:  That's a scroll . 

A:  then we have fifteen point eight Euros . 

A:  We're on to the pat-on-the-back part of the presentation , 

A:  How how have we done today ? 

B:  I think we did pretty well . 

D:  No , I think we come up with a with a attractive marketable um product and and concept . 

A:  Okay so th th what about um room for creativity ? 

B:  Sh I think there was plenty of room . 

A:  I think we we ended up being quite creative there . 

D:  we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us 

A:  yeah but  we did we did break with the specs a little bit I guess , 

C:  It was more of a teamwork thing then really leadership based project was 

B:  These cables suck <laugh> . 

A:  So yeah the the pen came in alright 

A:  What new ideas have we found ? 

B:  Well we had the favourites list , and the scroll bar , and we have the cradle , and the r uh remote call feature . 

C:  Yeah comfortable headsets would be nice . 

D:  And of course I did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon . 

A:  Are the costs within the budget ? <other> 

A:  Not the original budget , but they are now . 

D:  So we need to close this meeting , 

A:  Is the project evaluated ? 

