A:  I'm Ada Longmund , 

A:  Our project project is to create um a new remote control 

A:  so the remote control has to be original , trendy and um user-friendly . 

A:  if we're um the functional design , you have to do uh any individual work 

C:  Maybe someone ha we have to  this whiteboard , 

A:  Maybe you can draw your favourite animal 

A:  the selling price of the product will be twenty five Euros . <laugh> 

A:  it will uh be a an international remote control , 

A:  I think it's quite good price , yeah . 

A:  and the product costs will be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes . 

A:  try to create something new 

A:  And <other> and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes , 

A:  you'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role 

A:  you will have to work on the design 

D:  Those things just refer to each of each of us , I think . AMI 

C:  I_D_ is for the Industrial Design , 

C:  And U_I_D_ , it's for the User Interface Designer , 

A:  I will manage all all the group . 

D:  and Marketing Expert , it's me . 

B:  what's the difference between 

A:  I suppose you have to design it 

C:  I I think the user the user interface design is  he will design how the user will you know  the relation between the user and you know the remote control so  

A:  Maybe , it is the outside and the inside . 

C:  'cause the user interface to design for example where the but button will be , you know . 

D:  I'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have 

A:  so really the remote control to be international . 

A:  And to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the mm existing remote controls now . 

C:  <other> There was a step about drawing something in the in the board , 

C:  Are we supposed to do right now ? <laugh> 

B:  You can draw something which is very simple . <laugh> 

C:  It's a  <laugh> It's a cat . 

C:  you have to draw a rat if you want a rat . 

C:  It's a rabbit . 

D:  Right . A fish . 

B:  we have break . 

A:  present project , 

D:  we have twenty five minutes for the meeting . 

A:  You know your job ? 

C:  I have an idea of my job <laugh> 

