B:  just to try and roughly go over what we agreed in the last one , um 

B:  Um something that looks good 

B:  Uh many of our components are gonna be standard , off the shelf , 

B:  due to your hard work , we might as well let the uh two designers go first , 

A:   I think if we both step up 

A:  do  uh doing the prototype gave us a bit more insight into the ergonomics of the design . 

A:  You could simply have a slightly ovoid shaped joystick 

A:  But as you as you see with the uh <other> with holding it in the left hand , the L_ uh the L_C_D_ is nowhere useful , 

A:   this design could be done with um with uh plastic casing . 

A:  I I got your note about uh keeping the cost down . 

A:  As for the um as for the single curve , um well this edge and this edge , like I say it would be nice to have some curvature to it , 

A:  Really the curve that's most needed is the underside 

A:  Um and you have the uh transmitter here and a wee speaker for the uh for the uh for the uh fi uh for the remote control finder . 

D:  Um obviously it's gonna be bulkier than how it looks , 

D:  And it's plastic as well , 

A:  if we could if we could still do the rubber , I though of was to have  the uh rubber extend beyond the end of the uh <other> of the rigid substructure . 

A:  So it has a wee sort of tail 

C:  Basic point uh have a list of criteria that we need to rate the prototype by . 

C:  it's a seven s um seven seven step kinda evaluation process . 

C:  seven scale . 

C:  after we've finished doing all the ratings for each criteria , 

C:  And uh the criteria  based on Real Reactions' kinda goals and policies , marketing strategies , and also those I put together from the user requirements phase . 

C:  those are the criteria . 

C:  we have to go through each point . 

C:  and just give it a a score . 

C:  uh how well have we realised the dream of being able to stop remotes from from being lost , or to be able to find them once they are lost . 

A:  Yeah , that's still part of the design . 

B:  I mean I don't think anybody could actually stop a remote being lost , 

A:  Mm . And making it a bright colour helps 

C:  we still have that noise thing , 

C:  on a scale of one to seven , how would you guys rate it for finding  finding it once it's lost ? 

A:  I'd say number one . 

B:  just before we go through all of the steps here , um well what we'll do is 

B:  is there anything here that you that you wanted to cover as in the criteria that you've covered ? 

C:  is that Real Reactions has a a goal strategy that all of the products be inspired by material fashion , and clothing fashion . 

C:  Something I neglected from my initial research 

C:  That is why fruit and veg being popular in the home and in clothing was important 

B:  And then we'll come back pretty much promptly to this . 

C:  And uh this bit is this one easy to use for visitors or for anybody ? 

C:  And we can come back to it , you said . 

B:  Slight problem we had 

B:  Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_ , 

B:  Or what we did was that we um we as in I as I was quickly going over it was altering the actual structure . 

B:  we've got point two of a Euro left over there . 

B:  Even then as well , um there was no criteria technically defined for a joystick 

B:  It blows a lot of our really good ideas kind of slightly to one side , 

B:  We've got an advanced chip , 

B:  I really think as m much as it pains me 

A:  Mm-hmm I suppose o one thing that could be done is h <other> is have it um circular 

C:  Do you have any data on how much um different prints cost ? 

B:  You now have as much information as I do . <laugh> Um . 

B:  I've said single curved . 

B:  if I've read this thing correctly , then we can save point five of a Euro here in that it's not per push button . 

B:  As you can see , the use of an L_C_ display um advanced chip and what would determine the scroll wheel here as well 

B:  I'm very much open to suggestions of where we go , 

B:  this one comes in under price as you can see , 

C:  uh  what about speakers and transmitters and stuff like that ? Have we factored that in ? 

B:  Uh no , we haven't , not  

C:  Transmitter , receiver , speakers . Plus the extra device itself that's gonna be on a T_V_ . 

D:  That's too expensive  

A:  Mm . I think  if we remove the the L_C_ display then there was absolutely no point to any of these meetings 

B:  If we remove the L_C_ display , we could save ourselves 

B:  If we could've increased the price we could've manufactured that and we could've got something far closer to what we were hoping to . 

B:  Um but for the purposes of this meeting , I'm  we're gonna have to stick with these figures . 

B:  I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 

B:  are people maybe not happy with , but are willing to go ahead with this in going for a plastic solid case , to keep the L_C_D_ ? 

A:  I mean ho uh how much extra would it be to to keep I mean <other> keep the um the articulation ? 

B:  Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved , 

D:  it can still be single curved , 

C:  Could we could we not get rid of the curvy the curvous the curvaceousness 

B:  so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation . 

C:  Sample speaker ? What is a sample speaker ? 

A:  that's that voice response thing that we got the email about . 

A:  B i basically it was  saying that our labs had come up with a chip 

A:  and it would say hello back in a friendly female voice  . <other> 

C:  it looks like we're gonna get rid of the whole loca <other> locator thing . 

B:  One  point five of a Euro for one push button doesn't sound quite right . 

A:  l let's say that and then we can have our special coloured case 

B:  I quite like that colour that you're fetching there , 

A:  Yellow . <other> 

B:  make it glow in the dark even better . 

B:  we'll come back to uh your evaluation 

B:  Just to give you an idea , um you want to go maybe a bit quickly as well , 

C:  Ability to stop remotes from being lost or to find them once they are lost . 

A:  Three . I think we can do three . 

C:  Reduce the number of unused buttons . 

B:  I'd say we're doing well there . 

C:  Easy to use interface , buttons menu , menus  

C:  we're not doing so badly . 

C:  let's forget that one . 

A:  It doesn't get much fancier . 

C:  Technologically innovative . 

C:  we're getting rid of the locator thing 

A:  Mm . I'd give it a three for this  for that . 

A:  I mean the menus thing is something you don't normally see on um on a remote , 

C:  Materials that people find pleasing . 

B:  Plastic , it sucks . 

A:  Mm-hmm . I'd s I I'd give it a six , to be honest . 

C:  that's totally thrown everything off balance . 

A:  I I I would sa I would say give a s give a selection of colours . 

A:  Leopard print would be cool . 

C:  But um by this I think it's more a case of fruit and veg ,  

B:  It would also help keep the the product placement 

C:  Is this like a banana type colour ? 

C:  it's not shaped like a banana is  

A:  I I think s I I think this isn't  not particularly fruit and veggie . Um . 

B:  I mean it's probably more fruit and veg than most other things out there bar fruit and veg , 

A:  Mm . I'd <other> I'd I don't think fruit and veg is the sole criterion . <laugh> Is the sole criterion for being um fashion  fashionable or inspired by current fashions . 

B:  and we can make it yellow , 

D:  Yeah , I'll go with five . 

C:  we have one , two , three , four , five , six , seven . 

C:  it's it's not bad . 

B:  considering the price we had to get this in , to have a positive  you know , even based on the four of us being heavily biased , um 

A:  are people really gonna shell out twenty five Euros for something that's only marginally good ? 

D:  which which kind of people would be more likely to buy it ? 

B:  Probably the people technologically . 

C:  I think if sh if my mum saw a remote control like this with only two buttons and a joystick , I mean that'll probably be the first one she decides not to buy , 

C:  I think it's totally uh radical to have a remote control with no no numbered buttons , 

B:  Um quickly we'll pop onto project evaluation . Um . 

B:  we've got these uh four criteria here for uh satisfaction . 

B:  Um  people made good use of the uh pen and paper ? 

B:  I'm not quite sure what the advantage for us using a digital pen might be . 

A:  I think this is a  I think the digital pen's mostly for the benefit of the uh 

A:  Though it would have been nice to be able to transfer the um 

B:  How are people satisfied with the teamwork we've managed to display today ? 

D:  Good . 

C:  yeah I liked it , 

B:  Leadership . As much as can be leadered in this uh thing . 

D:  Very good . 

B:  Um last one we've got is room for creativity . 

A:  <other> Unti uh uh until uh until accounts came along , 

D:  We're burs bursting with creativity . 

C:  We we're not lacking in ideas , 

B:  Not so much that we weren't full of ideas , but of ones that are gonna allow us to actually build the thing . 

B:  I think of  in the end , ideas that can be used  sadly  . 

B:  I think we needed a larger budget . 

A:  Mm . I mean I th <other> I mean I think to r retaining the s the more sort of bio-morphic form in the articulation would gain more in s uh would gain more profit in sales than it would lose in uh 

B:  I I think it's gone okay today , considering the information that we've had at our disposal , and um such . 

C:  Maybe the counts wou woulda been better if we had a list or more  Yeah , to begin with . 

B:  It is very much a pity to um get so far into the stage and then find out that maybe some of your ideas are just a bit too expensive . 

A:  I mean something that could perhaps be part of the product mm the um m product testing market research process would be to uh produce mock-ups of both versions 

B:  is there anything else that anybody would like to to add , um  

B:  before I quickly write up a final report . 

B:  we think we can maybe stick onto the the market and sell . 

B:  but we've got something 

B:  unless anybody's got anything they'd like to add , we can maybe round this up slightly earlier than we'd need to 

C:  <laugh> I was actually kind of upset you know at the budget , and that we had to cut a lot of stuff . 

