A:  let's start our second me meeting on <other> conceptual design . 

A:  and we will have three presentations 

A:  I I think I will let uh our User Interface Designer speak first , Mister David Jordan . 

C:  Um there's three concepts in the user interface . 

C:  I want the controller to be easy to use , but with sophisticated functions . 

C:  the first is Google controller . 

C:  The second concept is a fancy controller , 

C:  we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive , 

C:  the u the user f the the u user interface should be very very cute , very very g um 

C:  Such like this , there are several uh examples in the slides . 

A:  <laugh> I'm not sure the one in the middle <laugh> is very attractive . 

A:  We'll have big discussion I suppose after that , 

C:  the last uh concept is intelligent . 

C:  so maybe we should uh use um uh 

A:  because for the intelligent controller , <other> you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition , 

C:  Uh I think some time it's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button . 

A:  but suppose you got a cold . You have a mute remote controller . 

D:  but how how is  how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition ? 

C:  For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very  

A:  but suppose you have a family watching T_V_ , and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time , do you think it will work ? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time ? 

A:  so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time , 

C:  that's that's the advantage of intelligent controller . 

D:  No , but this is disadvant disadvantage . 

B:  And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to 

A:  How how much will it cost ? 

B:  more expensive maybe . 

C:  we don't have to do some basic research on this field . 

B:  y y you have also the language problem , 

B:  'Cause it it have to be universal , 

C:  The vocabulary is very small , 

A:  but there is one problem that uh Baba talked about is the international 

A:  The recognition system will be able to understand French . 

D:  this could be downloaded by the web maybe , 

A:  And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control ? 

C:  Even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to  

A:  Seems to be quite complex . 

C:  It it just  the microphone is embedded in the controller . 

A:  but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this , if you have an object . 

A:  you  so you can build a kind of black box 

D:  do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition ? 

C:  think it  we should give the uh flexibility to the user 

C:  You can see  they can switch form one modality to another . 

D:  It's a bit risky risky . 

B:  But I think that , you know , switching from one country to to another will be a problem , 

D:  I'm sure if the user pays the same price , he's happy to have recognition . 

A:  I think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller 

C:  stick to the first two parts . So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market ? 

C:  so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features ? 

B:  we can add for example some function like for browsing in internet , so  or something like that . 

C:  you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller , 

C:  but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it , your mobile , 

C:  the feature is not one hundred percent reliable , 

A:  but w we we want something th that works all the time , every day , every hour , for everyone . 

D:  so I I guess if can have a remote control that is really basic , simple and works fine , it's already a lot . 

D:  if he has something that works fine and is really <other> fancy , looks nice and it's easy easy to use , easy to use . 

C:  But the there's there's n there's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller . 

A:  let's go to the Industrial Designer . 

A:  Uh I think there's something wrong with your  

C:  It did didn't r receive it . Didn't receive it . 

A:  Maybe you you record it somewhere else . 

B:  It was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r 

B:  So it will be interesting so I could show you some some picture of what is inside 

A:  I think it will be interesting after your presentation to have um Baba's presentation . 

B:  something I want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use , 

B:  will  it will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control 

B:  or a a plastic remote control like this one . 

B:  in which which which kind will be the the different bu button , 

B:  it can be some , you know , classic pushbutton like this one , 

B:  the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation , electric alimentation do you want to have , 

B:  or will it be a battery like the classical battery 

B:  for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from , you know , the cities uh for example in some place in in S Senegal , so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation , you just , when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come 

A:  and maybe it can attract all the ecological k yeah consumers 

A:  but about the the price of adding this solar battery , would it be something really that will increase the price of production more , 

B:  if we want to have battery , regular battery and and <other> the solar energy battery it could be  it'll it will add a little bit of the price , 

B:  the plastic material is more common 

B:  but , you know , something wooden will be like , I don't know high cl so a special high class , 

A:  and i if you  we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood . 

B:  the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits , chips , or do you have low level or or very very expensive , 

B:  but I think that low level will be , you know , it is an interim module . 

A:  and  so I think maybe something very low level wou would be enough . 

B:  I think the buttons I pr I prefer , you know , the L_C_D_ you know <other> lighted buttons 

D:  What about the touch scr touch screen ? For example . 

A:  <other> I think we have only <laugh> <other> uh five minutes left . 

D:  trend watching . 

D:  just to meet the user requirements I would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market 

D:  Um user really really want a fancy look and feel . 

D:  Like the one you've shown , David , with all the buttons and  I mean <other> i i it sounds good technically 

D:  second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative , 

D:  that were the three first points from the remote control uh analysis . 

D:  Wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables , 

D:  so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing . 

D:  And then uh if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points , fancy look and feel has , on a score of seven would have six as importance . 

D:  And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch , 

D:  this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design . 

B:  but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy ? 

D:  plastic-like , but rubber , mayb maybe , you know , rubber-like uh 

A:  we have to take decisions about the component concepts , about the energy . 

A:  maybe using solar energy and  with battery would be something interesting , 

A:  Uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well . 

A:  Something spongy . <laugh> 

B:  <laugh> No wood 

B:  I think we can have wood for example in the bottom and , you know . 

A:  so maybe we can stay with wood . 

A:  It's it's natural . 

D:  But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons , 

A:  Uh and what about the user interface concept ? 

B:  the problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the T_V_ , so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually , 

A:  So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller , 

A:  I think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add . 

A:  commands , words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers . 

B:  Even it is for s just some kids , you know , switching channels one two three four . 

B:  Not very complex commands , but easy commands , 

B:  Yeah , simple ones 

A:  Okay . 

A:  we'll  you will all have to work in in your direction . 

A:  So you will have  Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype 

A:  And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach . 

