A:  we'll have um first the project presentation by our User Interface Designer , David Jordan , 

A:  <laugh> and our Industrial Designer , Baba . 

C:  <laugh> Uh the basic colour is uh yellow and red . 

C:  And the shape , there's two basic shape . 

C:  It's looks like some mushroom , so we call it mushroom design . 

C:  So there are several key features of our pr prototype . 

C:  the second key feature is that uh s circle channel um selection . 

C:  The first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece . 

C:  Uh the third feature is a stable triangle base . 

C:  So it's v Um , you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel 

B:  Yeah but it's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh <other> like lemon shape , you know , 

D:  Yeah , because mushroom was not in the trends . 

A:  Fruits and vegetables . 

B:  And inspired colour 

B:  the low level chips inside 

B:  The battery it is under  . 

C:  Yeah , the shape is unique , 

A:  Maybe if you change  if you take the buttons out , 

D:  I dunno , maybe improving the texture of like having it less smooth or  

A:  Looks like more fruit . 

A:  It looks <other> more like a pineapple . 

C:  If you want to turn the ball , it's very it's very convenient for you to to to turn the ball to change the channel . 

A:  <laugh> <other> And where is the voice recognition ? 

C:  Ah , it's embedded , your microphone . 

D:  First one is we have to judge the fancy look and feel . 

D:  <other> No , the colour is okay , that's fine . 

D:  but I would say there is more  too much red . 

D:  <laugh> Right . So , from one to seven ? 

D:  Three . 

A:  let's say it's a pineapple now . <laugh> 

D:  The other criterion is is it technologically uh technologically in innovative . 

C:  There four microphone . 

A:  And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative ? 

C:  Yeah , so you can capture s voice from different directions . Yeah . 

D:  Yeah bu but when you say technologically it's more uh I dunno , in the core , or single . 

B:  And I think you  you've never seen a rou a round remote control , so it is  

A:  We have tactile buttons . 

B:  I see , you have microphone array embedded . 

B:  I think technically it's acceptable , so  

A:  I would say two 

D:  is it easy to use ? 

B:  Eh , for th the vocal command yes , it's might be easy . 

D:  Yeah but this this turning  

D:  Yeah but how how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels ? 

A:  and you can turn like that to change the channel ? <sound imitating the turning of a wheel> 

D:  Yeah I'm I'm no I'm not definitely convinced it's it's the best way to  if you wanna jump from , I dunno , one to twenty ? 

B:  Oh yeah , that's difficult . That's dif that's difficult . 

C:  then the angle you stop is the angle you  is the channel you  

D:  How d how do you know this angle is th is the correct one ? 

C:  It's it's very easy , because you kn you know how many channel are there in the  

B:  I think b but the the vocal command is easy too . 

C:  So it's coarse to fine design . 

B:  that's very technologic , so . <laugh> Yeah . 

A:  yeah it's a sleeping remote control . 

D:  Ah , that's not the ecological part , yeah . 

A:  W that why we have the solar ti yeah . 

B:  <other> To compensate  . 

C:  I think it's easier than traditional controller . 

C:  you have  you just turn the turn the ball . 

B:  it's reasonable three . <laugh> 

D:  those are sort of agreed but this one would be more five to me . 

D:  But this this has to stay on the table , right ? 

B:  <other> In fact on a flat place  

A:  You need to have everything in hand . 

D:  You know tha that's the weak point , 

D:  <laugh> Yeah , you would never you would never lose this one , yeah . 

B:  Yeah , four it's more reasonable , so . 

B:  It need maybe some wo further work , but it's  

D:  Yeah , especially on the easy to use 

A:  But I d m I think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple . 

A:  we need to calculate the production cost . 

A:  Um , how many do y do you need , solar cells ? 

A:  but we have solar cells . 

B:  Uh I think in each ball you have three  

A:  Single simple chip on print ? 

A:  And sample sensor , sample speaker . 

B:  Mm . One maybe , yeah . 

D:  So we are all already nineteen . 

C:  The solar cell is too expensive . <laugh> 

B:  There's no wood , so plastic just only , I think . 

A:  We have two special colours . 

C:  We have change the electronics to  from from the the the sample sensor to regular chip . Oh . 

D:  Yeah w one of the m key point is solar cells . 

A:  Maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one ? 

B:  I think you can transform the wood into plastic , maybe . 

D:  We could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black . 

A:  An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button . 

B:  Double curve . We can transform the double curve into single c yeah . 

D:  So we have one button , 

A:  <laugh> I think there's a problem with the push push button . 

B:   One s one scroll wheel , so 

A:  So , yeah . It think we we've done good job , as the cost is 

B:  It's fine , twelve fifty uh  

A:  Yeah , maybe two scroll wheel , as we have the coarse coarse to fine scroll wheel . 

A:  Okay we  I think we have problem . <laugh> 

A:  I think we s if we keep on adding things  

A:  Push button . 

C:  Mm . Yeah , we have four . 

A:  I think it's more like double curved . 

A:  But it would i be interesting for our marketing team , to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be  

B:  It's  it is really really uh really very very expensive , though . 

A:  Yeah but it will be technologically innova innovative , so . <laugh> 

A:  So did you enjoy your clay modelling ? 

C:  Yes . Of course . This is my job . <laugh> 

B:  Yeah , I think I find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to  from the beginning to the end . 

D:  Uh tha that was good but we should have more brainstorming like meetings , maybe . 

C:  Could we come up with new T_V_ with  such as this kind of T_V_ ? 

A:  You could f we could do a kind of fruit collection of electronics things . Electronic device . 

D:  'Cause fruit and vegetables it won't last for ten years uh . 

B:  But I think it's good to follow the f flow and you know make it now and after , you know , if the people change their mind you change also the product . 

B:  We can think about T_V_ with you know where you can change you know the aspects o like for the cell phones , you know . 

A:  So I think the costs are within the budget . 

A:  do you think you can celebrate your creation ? 

C:  And you can celebrate your leadership . <laugh> 

D:  I'm not so happy about the fruit shape , you know . 

D:  Uh yeah , another thing is the logo is missing still . 

D:  It's  yeah but it  I don't think it's such a problem just putting the logo somewhere . 

B:  Uh f like y we can we can put some uh double R_  

A:  So maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side , the double R_ . 

C:  So we have give him  give it a cute name . 

B:  <laugh> It's a pineapple remote controls . 

A:  and we have a nearly final product . 

