A:  So , we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes . 

B:  I'm uh Michael . I'm the user interface designer . 

D:  Hi I'm Guillermo  . I'm the Marketing Expert . 

C:  And I am Hemant , the industrial designer . 

A:  Um so let's have a look to the the agenda . 

A:  uh and mainly first to uh <cough> to make  to to be used to the tools uh available in this nice and smart meeting room we have here . 

A:  so uh we are going to go through the white board and take some um s some notes or do some drawings . 

B:  Okay so , want me to draw my favourite animal . 

B:  Well , I don't really have a favourite animal , but um 

B:  <other> I'm gonna <other>  about the uh spider 

D:  I dunno why , but <cough> when I was a child I I wanted to be a a panther 

C:  So , not the favourite animal , but I think I'll draw elephant . 

C:  Do we have some message there ? 

A:  I have to catch you , 

A:  We have to to go through the meeting . 

B:  We can discuss that off-line . 

A:  so another important part of the project is about money , 

A:  So <cough> we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control 

A:  which which would generate a profit of of um <cough> fifty million Euros , okay . 

B:  is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ? 

A:  So um we should decide which kind of remote control we want to uh we want to uh we want to go . 

A:  should it be um specific remote control to some specific device ? 

B:  so , it seems the the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make , 

B:  but I guess if that's  if that's the requirement that we need to to design the the product to actually fit that that price bracket 

A:  So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to to have an overview of this and uh in which direction we should go . 

A:  So we need to close the meeting . 

A:  So um you have to work on the on the working design , 

A:  Um you will receive some information by emails , i as usual . 

