A:  So we should have our final meeting about the detail designed of  detail design of the product of the remote control . 

A:  Uh uh just going to go quickly through the minutes of the last last uh meeting 

A:  And we'll have um <other> presentation of evaluation crit criteria by ou our Marketing Experts . 

A:  No L_C_D_ , no speech recognition technology , okay , 

A:  <other> And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and uh also to um call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost . 

C:  So final design . Final design . 

B:  well first first of all we made a an attractive <laugh> base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh 

B:  We've got the two uh <other> uh scroll wheels here 

B:  This is a teletext button . 

A:  What's the use uh of the t turbo button already ? 

B:  This is when you when you uh are scrolling the uh  through the channels you can tell it to to skip th past channels that you  quickly rather th 

B:  Well when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops . 

C:  If you take the banana as such and uh you press the turbo button , so it switch ons the switch ons the T_V_ . 

C:  once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext , they are no more for channel or vol volume . 

B:  <other> And this is the uh the infrared uh port . 

B:  in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana . 

A:  And the the leaves plays the roles of of antennas ? 

C:  And for the power source we are having solar cells and rechargeable batteries 

B:  It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana . 

C:  And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana . 

B:  I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station . 

A:  Uh I mean how long does i how how how long can it be held off a station ? 

C:  No eight or eight or ten hours of working . 

C:  If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer . 

C:  Pricing is  was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip . 

D:  And what about people who want to use digits ? 

C:  Yeah . So there was there was a constraint that the surface area which we have on this banana on one side because of the shape . 

A:  So we have to go through now evaluations . 

D:  I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements . 

D:  so we must users must say i if it's true or is  or if it's false in a in a scale ranging from zero to seven . 

C:  Why this strange factor of seven ? 

D:  Because it should be an even it should be an even uh scale , 

D:  I think I sh I <cough> I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard ? 

D:  Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or  

C:  Yeah , it's fancy , according to me . 

B:  Yeah uh five . 

B:  but maybe loses the point for not having you know the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason 

B:  like I'd I think it's probably more handy than my current remote , 'cause of the scroll wheels 

A:  Functional . 

C:  I'll give five . 

B:  Well it depends when you say functional , do you mean it does what we want it to do , or d does what it does , you know , can it make you coffee ? 

D:  Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro 

B:  Well it's not a universal remote . 

B:  Four . 

A:  <laugh> <singing sound> Okay cool ? Cool device . 

C:  There I'll give it seven . 

C:  For a T_V_ the most important feature which I felt was the locator which is a cool feature . 

D:  I would say five . 

A:  I say  I said seven . 

A:  Of course I'll buy the  banana .  

C:  I'll say five . 

D:  I find it quite cheap <laugh> actually . 

D:  Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or  

B:  <laugh> I don't want a banana on my <laugh> living room table , a banana remote . 

C:  Anyb anybody who comes here <laugh>  anybody who comes to your home he'll at least ask once what is this . 

A:  don't forget who we're targeting also 

B:  <laugh> No , it's I . I would buy  

B:  I don't think I  at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control , really . 

A:  So you say two . 

C:  I say five . 

B:  If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro , if that was like my limit , maybe I would buy it . 

A:  I stick to five . 

A:  will I change my rem change my remote control from Mando banana . 

A:  No uh let's say I'll put two . 

B:  If it was  change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to 

B:  I'd say a three . 

C:  <laugh> So it's somewhere three point five I think . 

A:  So maybe maybe w we can we should stick to general feeling . We can had uh have a  out of these numbers , which which is that well we should go for it . 

A:  Um well we are going to calculate the production costs . 

B:  Well we decided against the solar cells so  

C:  I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing . 

A:  No kinetic also . 

C:  So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one . 

C:  And we have sample speaker . 

B:  Well actually that that  no that sample speaker is not  we we're not using that , 

A:  Oh there is no listing for r radio frequency thing . 

C:  So we we'll put some extras , if there is something . 

A:  <other> I put single curved . 

C:  To reduce the cost , it's okay . 

A:  So we stick to plastic , it cost nothing . 

D:  <laugh> Too expensive . 

B:  Well   no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber  

A:  Okay so special colour , yellow . 

C:  We don't have any push buttons . 

A:  We have three . 

A:  We have two scroll , and we have three push buttons . 

B:  Okay it's gonna have to be plastic . 

B:  but you know the turbo button does add that extra class . 

B:  So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that . 

B:  Make it plastic instead of rubber . 

B:  <laugh> Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of <laugh> plastic . 

C:  So might be ninety centimes for the the remaining things which  the cord and everything which'll go  

A:  so we have margin for that stuff . 

B:  So what do we do with the extra profits ? 

A:  <other> Um we'll invest in R_ and D_ . 

A:  So we can go to  through to project evaluation . 

B:  No we have a product which none of us would buy . <laugh> 

B:  <laugh> Okay so um <other> project process . 

A:  Well in fact I I did not know <laugh> I didn't know really what to say here . 

A:  Yeah well in fact uh we we use a little bit the white board and the digital pen , not that much . 

B:  I dunno I think we had a fair bit of creativity . 

A:  Yeah maybe we should go through , yeah an uh evaluation . 

B:  Because yeah the evaluation for us is is kind of 

B:  So but I think that's something we need to to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market . 

B:  I think that's actually something that should be in version two , is the ability to you know to control things other than the T_V_ 

A:  I think we we can go 

A:   Okay so thanks very much . 

