A:  Uh , we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control . 

A:  I'm Fabien Cardinaux 

B:  so my name is Petre  . 

B:  Uh , in the project I'm supposed to be the technic . 

D:  'Kay . So my name's Bob Morris . 

C:  My name is Hamed Getabdar , 

A:  We are talking about the project plan , 

A:  Um . So what is the goal of this project ? Is to design a new remote control . 

A:  So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities 

A:  Um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use all  during all this project . 

A:  For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it . 

A:  So I will ask you all to do the same . 

B:  Well sh should I draw the picture of the animal ? 

A:  Yeah , yeah , you can draw the picture , of course <laugh> . 

A:  Uh we are going to to sell  we want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro . 

A:  We expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty Euro . 

A:  Um , so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control , and any idea ? 

D:  Well , from experience , um I've had remote controls in the past that have had very  they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small , 

D:  you know , on a T_V_ remote you only ever use , mostly , you know , f four or f six buttons . Um . 

B:  Uh first would be that in current remote controls there is no back light <other> , 

B:  And the second thing , f second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is uh  there are two buttons for volume control . 

A:   Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could   the the volume can go up very quickly 

B:  Yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards , 

C:  I uh I prefer um remote control working with radio waves , 

A:  So we will have a next meeting in uh thirty minutes . 

A:  Uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control , 

A:  you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control . 

