B:  Um I'm Sarah , 

B:  Okay , this is our agenda , um <other> 

B:  get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other . 

B:  Now , we're developing a remote control which you probably already know . 

B:  um , trendy , 

B:  and user-friendly , 

B:  Um , conceptual design , 

B:  and then the detailed design , 

B:  We're gonna practice with the pens 

B:  and um sum up the characteristics of that animal . 

B:  I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger . 

A:  Uh , maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make ? 

D:  A kind of dog ? 

C:  Okay , now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be 

C:  <cough> Yeah , it can be a crocodile , it can be a crocodile . 

D:  it's meant to be an eagle <laugh> 

B:  Um finance-wise , we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros , 

D:  Seventeen . 

B:  Okay , that's expensive . 

D:  Should we be making notes of this ? 

B:  I'll be able to um pull it up , 

C:  Havi having said that though , if you wanna get one of those  the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway . 

B:  um production cost's at twelve fifty , so 

B:  Um , and profit aim is fifty million Euros , 

D:  You've got market range international 

B:  What are your experiences with remote controls ? 

B:  but that was quite good , the fact that you could  You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you . 

D:  My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy , 

B:  I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do 

D:  And symbols that you don't necessarily understand , 

A:  So simplification of symbols you could think of . 

B:  and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording , things like that inside it . 

D:  but you know on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it's got a menu display , 

A:  instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display or something like that , 

B:  What about the older generation ? 

D:  that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps , 

B:  I don't like the , you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system . 

C:  Yeah , I don't I don't know how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , 

D:  The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control 

B:  I think that's a cost thing , 

D:  And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone , 

B:  we've got half an hour before the next meeting , 

B:  and then we'll come back and liaise again 

C:  about what you're saying about the uh  does does it need to be fashionable ? 

C:  I I had a quick look at the company website 

C:  I mean you don't  you you can still have plastic 

D:  we don't have to use metal , 

B:  and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic , 

B:  I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything . 

B:  so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about . 

B:  So , see you in half an hour . 

B:  Okay , so let's break it up there . 

B:  um what effects the product has to have 

