A:  I hope you're ready for this uh functional design meeting . 

A:  I will take the minutes 

A:  we need uh to know the the user uh needs 

A:  we want to know how it going to work 

A:  third part <laugh> uh I don't remember <laugh> 

A:  let's go for the three presentations , 

D:  So as you know , you  I think you already know me , Sammy Benjo . 

D:  what I suggest is that uh instead of deciding ourself what what could be and what should be a good uh remote control , let's ask people who are users of remote controls 

D:  what they like , 

D:  So we've we've conducted a a survey on on the use of uh remote controls 

D:  what we found was that uh there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls . 

D:  uh they're not nice colour , not nice shape , 

D:  Um what is interesting 

D:  and it it  the the current uh facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls . 

D:  And the other thing is that uh the the current remote controls are not so easy to use 

D:  For instance uh we see that uh they zap very often 

D:  And most of the buttons uh on uh current remote controls are not used , 

D:  people are very frustrated w with their <laugh> remote controls 

D:  Maybe if we have something where we could <laugh> ask the remote control please , where are you ? 

D:  And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls 

D:  that nobody use , 

D:  so most of the the people say they they don't know how to  they  to use properly their r remote controls . 

D:  And uh they are bad for R_S_I_ 

C:  Yeah , it's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect . 

D:  but we have to take this into account . 

D:  now I remember what is R_S_I_ <laugh> 

D:  So we've listed a couple of uh 

B:  Functions . 

D:  that may be uh used by u the user in the current uh available uh remote controls 

D:  but what is important 

D:  Volume is not often used 

D:  And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings . Audio settings , screen settings , even teletext and channel settings . 

D:  but seems that it's average relevant at least , so . 

A:  I have been told that we uh don't consider teletext , 

D:  if if there are good reason not to put teletext it's okay 

D:  One of the thing  the trend uh that uh you are probably aware of is the possibility  the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control , 

D:  so that's basically my findings . 

B:  should we aim at the young people or not ? 

D:  I think we should aim at the young people . 

D:  Then teletext is useless for them I think , 

D:  Because they they have other means of finding their information . Yeah . 

B:  my name is Mark Dwight , 

B:  that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this . 

B:  And uh a general method which is  seems to be very useful for our task 

B:  We should never complicate things too much . 

B:  So here is this remote control . 

D:  I would say the simplest one as long as there are the uh  I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button . 

C:  Maybe it can be yeah middle of  like , between those two 

B:  compared to this one 

B:  Our question of the style , we should remember that our company 

B:  For personal preferences I think that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium . 

B:  It is unbreakable 

B:  I would propose this concept for design , just few buttons , a screen with a back light which can change colours , titanium 

B:  We need power and volume . 

D:  And when does it turn off ? 

B:  When you don't touch the control 

B:  For for enough time 

B:  And another nice feature that I would like to implement is uh volume control . 

D:  Uh I'm not sure about the screen , 

D:  According to your distance to  and the angle maybe , if you have a stereo system . 

D:  wha what is the use usefulness of the screen ? 

B:  I think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left , right , up , down and enter . 

D:  but uh it has to be with an back light somehow .  

B:  So basically that's it . 

A:  <other> Um I see that you target uh several s application not only T_V_ 

B:  Can be easily done , 

A:  Since we were targeting a really soon uh uh date for the the the um i issuing of this uh remote control 

B:  but it's quite universal you know . 

D:  for instance if I want to go to  directly to channel twenty five , how would I do  can I do that with this ? 

D:  You know these days we have hundreds of channels , 

B:  <other> In fact I would propose another solution . 

B:  set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one , two , three and five , 

C:  But even we can have some uh L_C_D_ display , 

D:  One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap . 

A:  on zap it's only next next next next next , yeah . 

C:  But otherwise like we can put some display on numbers 

B:  Mm . We got these buttons here . Next next . 

A:  Maybe we can make uh different modes for each button 

C:  uh if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices . 

C:  but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls 

B:  Could we carry out some research if we w really need this , 

D:  <laugh> I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that . <laugh> 

C:  Uh as you know , I am mister Ramaro . 

C:  <other> So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control . 

C:  as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the the device , like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera . 

C:  So we need to have some energy source to do what  to do the functions , what we want on this portable device . <other> 

C:  so to do these functions we need an interface , 

C:  uh since we are focusing on our interface device  remote control 

C:  we ought to have some kind of processor 

C:  And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source 

C:  Then we'll have switch in our main uh um device to do particular operations , 

A:  To make it quite uh an universal uh device uh . 

C:  because the people don't use one particular brand so 

C:  So we need to check their specifications 

C:  So we need to have particular encryption codes . 

C:  so I'll input the connections to all this components . 

C:  so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them . 

A:  Mm-hmm . And from from the discussion we had do you  can you make it on the whiteboard , or  mm . 

C:  and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy , 

C:  and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip 

C:  you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , yeah . 

D:  Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them , 

A:  And what about the price of this component ? 

C:  Uh maybe we can make uh it in five Euros and even less than that , 

D:  The user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume 

C:  And then we can have channel they can say , okay I want eight , 

C:  we don't want like B_B_C_ or C_N_N_ or something else 

C:  it will be complicated 

D:  First of all I I think this is not uh functionality that it is going to be instead of using the buttons . 

C:  actually we we can have one switch to like uh switch on , on and off , this  processor 

B:  Did you consider the r gest uh gesture recognition ? 

D:  <laugh> Very expensive , 

A:  what about the idea of automatic on off on the button , yeah . 

C:  even automatic on off is also a bit problematic , 

C:  like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they don't touch the remote 

D:  So in in a given room there might be more than one remote control . 

C:  Yeah that can be possible , especially for power settings , 

A:  we're now going to l have the lunch break . 

A:  you will focus on the component concept um 

A:  of course like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal personal coach . 

A:  And we have um maybe we have to  we say , only for T_V_ , not teletext ? 

C:  But speech recogniser can be possible . 

B:  Uh , should it be equipped with the uh , with uh speakers ? 

B:  and it answers is I'm here ? Or  

D:  But that's ex that's expensive . Uh . 

B:  Just beeps ? 

D:  I I heard of devices where you just uh whistle them 

D:  because of the the frequency they they just answer to that . 

D:  You can clap . Can you ? 

C:  But it's a good feature I guess yeah 

D:  we're done ? 

A:  let's go to lunch . 

C:  because we have only very few words like like power , switch on or some like 

C:  so we try to only recognise those words 

