A:  now we are on the conceptual design meeting . 

A:  I will again do the secretary part 

A:  the decision we want to take on this meeting are on the um first on the component concept , so what kind of energy we use uh what kind of chip on print and one ki kind of case . 

C:  we're to mainly design f mainly need to know which components we'll use for energy , and the material and interface . 

C:  mm and the material we can have plastic , 

C:  we would like to have some speech recognition s chip in our remote control . 

C:  this can be simple kind of programmable chip 

C:  which can use microphone  sensors . 

C:  Still we are looking for possible uh technical uh specifications and how w easy we can do and within our pri range , like we're to  in our twelve Euros or around that . 

C:  we would like to propose battery instead of solar cells 

C:  And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or  

C:  the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes . 

D:  What is a double-curved shape ? 

C:  <other> Like you can have two curves . 

C:  we want to go for simple push buttons 

C:  uh which needs advanced chip technology 

A:  <other> Um I want to know why it b uh just uh sorry but for the point before uh why not the rubber , if it is something that it seems to be light . 

C:  Uh  Uh  And also like in  if you put a  it's be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things 

B:  W we can use something like you know <other> the whole body's titanium 

C:  But full assembly  We'll use mainly for titanium  

C:  and also it's bit difficult to do all the shapes uh . 

C:   we we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s 

C:  Y yeah we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology , 

B:  mm can we still include the L_ L_S_D_ display ? 

D:  it's either L_C_D_ or push-button . 

C:  maybe maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design 

C:  because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros or  or something 

B:  it's it's not gonna be a touch pad , uh just a display for giving you information . 

D:  the batteries uh are going to be very light . 

C:  and now I think we have many options in the market 

D:  this device on n that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for just uh the finding it basically , 

D:  We have dreams 

B:  the concept of the interface . 

B:  We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons 

B:  maybe this button is power on and off ? 

B:  that's our concept . 

D:   doesn't make sense . 

D:  too much concept . 

B:  we will not use this . We will not use this . 

D:   Do you think it can come in several colours ? 

B:  <other> I would make a backlight of the L_C_D_ screen with different colours . 

D:  Um but not the case . 

A:  Because apparently from your survey people like colours , 

B:  let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels . 

D:  so that would be the option 

C:  <laugh> But it would be expensive , no ? If you use colour L_C_D_ . 

C:  if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this uh the shapes and they can have different assembly . 

C:  Uh instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler . 

A:  you you propose something with option i that increase the price if we  if you want o more colours <other> on L_C_D_ , 

B:  there's one more decisi uh one more solution in fact , um <other> 

A:  but that's maybe mo too much expensive , yeah . 

D:  Because uh I think there are two kinds of people . 

D:  and those for which is something that that that uh is uh specific to them 

D:  <laugh> I think I think they would be ready p ready to pay more for that . 

D:  It might be optional , yeah . 

B:  Could we integrate something into our remote control , something like light ? 

B:  And um the remote control's going to be smart 

D:  I heard that uh it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done 

D:  Are are you saying here that uh the remote controls should be aware of who is using it ? 

B:  I just want to say it should be real smart . 

C:  since we have  we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition uh so we can use  

D:  So it could be smart in that way . 

D:  it might also record the kind of uh channels you are u more often using and uh levels of volumes that you're more often uh  things like that 

D:  that might be expensive 

D:  <laugh> The remote that knows you . <laugh> 

D:  I'm going to talk about trends 

D:  Anyway these days uh the best uh source of information is the web as you know , 

D:  but uh basically there are  uh in in the market of of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very  pay much attention to . 

D:  which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control . 

D:  And finally of course it has to be useful as a remote control 

D:  currently the the trends that we see in l in l big cities like Paris and Milan , well , it seems that this year things should have uh a fruit and vegetable uh way of <laugh> of look or feel 

D:  And I think of course uh <other> i it applies to everything . 

D:  <laugh> It it can travel f from clothe to furniture <laugh> same idea . 

D:  And uh if we co we compare to last year , now it has to be spongy , 

D:  When we were talking about rubber , 

A:  So maybe titanium it's not a good idea . 

D:  Think more of uh something in the colours of uh like fruit and vegetables and spongy , 

D:  even in the shape it has to be more round and uh more uh uh look natural somehow . I mean  

C:  these abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people ? 

D:  we have people uh uh listening to the trends everywhere in the world , of course , 

C:  It's more general trend 

D:  But it seems that trends travel across things . 

C:  but some materials n they're to be uh they're to be something like solid 

D:  We have to  I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables 

C:  fruit . These things can be easily incorporated . 

D:  If if it's something like rubber made or  I think it it's also going to be good . 

A:  we will have uh next meeting in thirty minutes again . 

A:  um and I  <other> as always your personal coach will send you specific instruction . 

C:  we want the speech recogniser 

C:  we want to follow general trend . 

D:  <laugh> No , we don't have to , 

D:  Again , as I said we can also try to make it , to create the trend . 

B:  are we confident enough on creating trends ? 

B:  we can make it smell like fruit . <laugh> 

C:  what about location and these things , people are really interesting on those features ? 

D:  it has to be fancy 

D:  Whether it's useful or not doesn't seem to be very important . <laugh> 

D:  so I think if nobody else pro provides currently a remote control with that kind of stuff and if we can provide it I think it's a good sell for us 

A:  Now we have to decide on what kind of fanciness . 

C:  we will try to explore these two options 

D:  Maybe you could explore the two option . 

B:  Could we make a titanium shape ? I mean  fruit-shaped . 

C:  at least like we can make banana 

B:  Doub double-curved . 

A:  <laugh> Don't you say that you cannot do double shape  uh curved shape  

C:  and and s we're to see the  whether rubber is expensive 

B:  In fact I just agreed to make uh to make the  like titanium panels on a whole rubber body . 

A:  you explore now that you're going to work together these these two . 

C:  Maybe we can have two different  assembly also like one spongy and one kind of titanium . 

A:  I think we have to choose . 

C:  still we want to keep L_C_D_ ? Or  

A:  Mm I think it's what we say , that we have an uh an L_C_D_ with uh information . 

D:  The thing is that uh if we want to have as he says  if we want to have uh a small number of buttons we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are . 

D:  That's the converse to having zillions of button 

C:  and we just stick with two batteries 

D:  in general I think people uh change T_V_ more often than batteries of their remote control . 

D:  Because the trend goes faster than the life of the  <laugh> 

C:  Yeah , we're done . 

