A:  So , we are asked to to make uh uh a new remote control for television . 

B:  Yeah , so each of us has a role to do . 

C:  Well , I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh 

B:  B did you send us an email about this ? 

A:  Do you want do you want me to send you a mail ? 

D:  Or you can put it in the shared folder . 

A:  You get email ,  . <laugh> 

C:  Yeah , from the account manager . 

D:  I think it's for your guys to <other> how to design it all the aspects so you need that information . 

B:  We already have our role . 

B:  So there are three kinds of designs , that's all . 

A:  We have functional design , conceptual design , and detail design . 

C:  I think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when we  in our mail we received from the account manager . 

A:  So , who will be the the responsible for the functional design ? 

C:  I'm doing the interface . <laugh> 

B:  I'm doing the interface . 

C:  It was a little confusion about my uh  

A:  Okay , I'll for industrial design . 

A:  And and you  Norman ? 

D:  Uh , I'm into marketing . 

B:  Um working on i . <laugh> User interface . <laugh> 

D:  A design is basically for industrial design and the user interface . 

B:  See there's a role for everybody . 

C:  Well , I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done 

A:  About the design or  

C:  Well , w we want to have a new re remote control for for T_V_ distribution I guess . 

D:  I mean working remotes we already have . 

A:  What we we have to keep in mind the  these characteristics . 

C:  <other> Well I I think that Norman and I would think about um the technical points 

B:  What is the most important function aspect ? 

B:  Yeah , it should be easy to work with . 

B:  Uh . We  maybe you can have a speech uh recognition interface . 

B:  Just say maybe I just want to press  I wanna have a button for all the movies tonight . 

B:  So instead of pressing the channel number , I am choosing the programmes directly . 

A:  I I think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly . 

A:  Like s uh you you you say we can use speech . 

B:  The <other> the idea of using speech to reduce the button , but uh and it's more natural . Yeah . 

D:  I mean the main uh function of remote control is to have something in the hand 

B:  But th the main idea I wanted to s I wanted to say is that um <other> there should be a function , instead of choosing the ch T_V_ channel , there's a option you can choose , either T_V_ channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme . 

C:  Yeah , yeah it's it's a good idea it's a good idea 

B:  because you see now all the T_V_ programmes are available on the webs . 

B:  We just want to retrieve the content 

B:  so we can just use the service available . 

B:  And then there's  there are only six buttons for six categories , or sev seven . 

C:  Well I I I I think that j just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to uh navigate uh through the  Well channel programme or contents or  in an easy way , so  

B:  Yeah , so you don't have to display here , 

B:  Because all the T_V_ uh the the remote control have all numbers , lots of buttons 

C:  and just uh with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f 

C:  I think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff 

B:  Ah w w we have sometimes to use the white-board . 

D:  And another interesting idea for this would be to have an light adaptation system depending upon the picture of  

B:  Yeah , but we are designing just remote control . 

D:  I mean , we have a option in the remote control . 

B:  Okay , do you want to have a conceptual remote control there , 

B:  the most important function is to ch choo buttons to choose the content . Right ? 

B:  Uh , uh first one is to uh <other> buttons i or it could be anything with  buttons . Uh to choose uh content s or channels . 

C:  And uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents . 

B:  so technically how  the problems that  how to do it is to  how to get the content . 

C:  I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel 

C:  and uh to uh reflect about it 

B:  we will get some information in the next meeting , 

B:  We will  get information 

A:  So maybe we'll meet in maybe five minutes ? 

C:  I think that's the  the things to do 

