A:  So we come to the third meetings . 

A:  Um so in the last meeting we have discussed the functional design 

C:  Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept 

C:  the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department 

C:  we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote . 

C:  Concerning the interface uh we can we can put mm just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons uh much more complicated , 

C:  For the case uh well uh I think that uh titanium is um is a good choice 

C:  For the interface uh I think that we can ach achieve uh all the desired functionalities by s just uh using uh rubber buttons , simple buttons 

B:  What is this single curved  

C:  Well uh uh i i it's uh it's the the shape of the um of the remote . 

C:  It's more confog f comfortable that if these uh it's completely flat . 

B:  And the battery , is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter ? 

C:  Yeah the um that's the point . 

C:  and by  well by just by moving the ar uh your arm the mm well the remote will uh accumulate energy . 

B:  We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product <laugh> ready for market . <laugh> 

B:  So I um keep in touch with the R_ and D_ department . 

B:  So the titanium case is the normal case that  

B:  So the user interface is uh i it uses the aspect uh of a computer system , 

C:  we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh <laugh> if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy . 

B:  a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user 

B:  we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here . 

A:  A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures . 

B:  So the  here are some examples . 

B:  but this interface are kind of confusing . 

B:  So some people are propose voice recognition 

B:  ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine <laugh> for this by a company 

B:  And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used 

B:  Mm so somebody  some people use uh some people use a spinning wheel th with the L_C_ display 

B:  Touch screen , I mean . 

B:  And some people propose a scroll button . Integrated with push buttons 

B:  so there are a few aspects that I collected here . 

B:  basically they are programmable , 

B:  And then they also secure uh covers , to protect 

B:  But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features . 

B:  And uh you see this is the one where you have the protection cover . 

B:  And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside . 

B:  this is another company that provides big buttons . 

B:  I see that that is useful for old people 

B:  But for our product we don't need a big one 

A:   We should include speech synthesis in this case , no ? 

C:  but uh as Norman say if uh there is uh already a commercial product available who t who do this we we can check uh to integrate it i into our uh new remote control . 

B:  And uh , this is another one 

B:  the the the part that's a V_ standing for the volume . 

B:  so it's confusing interface , 

B:  And here are  is uh here is a s short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found . 

B:  we have many concepts there 

C:  Well I <other> I think you it's it's it's fine you have uh reviewed all all the possibilities 

A:  Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control  

C:  Yeah . That's a good idea . 

B:  So you are display on the screen . 

C:  On the T_V_ screen the uh how to use your remote . 

B:  So that eliminates all the complicated documentation  , 

D:  But people are often enough looking at the help , 

A:  In the case where they need help , in the case where they need help . 

D:  And let us see what the market demands . 

A:  It's just for user customizable , for kids or old people . 

D:  I mean it just showed us the remote with an cap which could be used for kids 

A:  Can be used by both kids and old people . 

B:  <cough> Well uh what I s propose is that uh you know a remote controller , i <other> it could be a cube , 

D:  So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes 

D:  So seventy percent of the users , they find their remote controls very ugly , 

D:  And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls . 

D:  fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room 

D:  And um if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it . 

D:  fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes 

C:  Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen . 

C:  yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on 

D:  I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy . 

C:  Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have <laugh> a big screen in front of you , s 

A:  You can use this screen instead of the big se screen , 

B:  If you re-use the existing screen , we element  eliminate the L_C_D_ , 

B:  and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful , fancy , 

C:  well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look 

C:  on the speech recognition if the technology is available 

B:  so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost 

D:  <laugh> I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers . <laugh> 

B:  And also the cost for the speech recognition . 

D:  Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary , 

B:  And also the scroller button , how much will it cost . <laugh> 

C:  Well uh compared to the to s the simpl simpler simplest button . 

D:   from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button . 

C:  Yeah I I I think that uh well uh as we have seen in the in the presentation uh well uh about uh uh fifty percent of the of the percent n choose the button 

A:  Or maybe we can u uh or maybe we can uh make this the ten percent of button more bigger than the others . 

C:  But if i i if we if we could have a a a display uh g a user interface that is very complete on the T_V_ screen <other> I think that just five buttons are sufficient , 

D:  Or it could be like this , as the people say , if they have a L_C_D_ on the remote not on the television . 

D:  So if you have then L_C_D_ in the remote , you just have a menu , 

D:  and this menu when you press the menu , in the L_C_D_ displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume , then the program , then the brightness , contrast and all the stuff . 

A:  And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use L_C_D_ . I  

B:  because if there are few buttons , you don't have to look at your your controller any more 

B:  I think that there's no contradiction here , 

B:  so if you wanna control the screen d sh sharpness you just say sharpness 

B:  if you had the speech recognition there you just shout your channel , 

B:  so finally that wil eliminates the the need for L_C_D_ , 

D:  And the third problem was to find the remote control . 

C:  But the uh the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the T_V_ screen 

A:  But they are just less used compar 

A:  It doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or important . 

C:  and then you choose with the with the button to  well you navigate 

C:  Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like uh find 

A:  You will listen to a peep , <laugh> special peep . 

D:  that's exactly what I mean by voice commander . 

D:  uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control , 

D:  and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger . 

D:  so we have some one charger there 

D:  And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere , in the charger we have a small button , and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps , wherever it is . 

C:  And that's a good idea , 

D:  I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command , 

D:  I mean charger would be fixed 

B:  what we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off T_V_ button , the off button , the remote there be s uh instruction on the screen , please charge charge me . 

B:  because uh every time you're off the computer <other>  the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where  to the charger . 

B:  You never get it lost 

D:  And of course the final point is a fancy look . 

D:  But you can have an button for child lock . 

D:  I mean  uh I mean uh I mean uh you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and <laugh> use it , you can't avoid him . 

D:  So just by pressing the button with some code , you t you put a lock onto the remote , so that he can't use even   

C:  Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category , if it is kids , uh things like that . 

A:  Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids 

D:  I think these other four points they're the market demands 

C:  So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . 

B:  <other> I think we need to define also a s the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser 

D:  Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these  could be included . 

B:  because uh if you want  uh say we can sort by channels or sort by T_V_ programs , you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them . 

C:  and you can say to your remote control like uh sports 

D:  we have a problem there . 

C:  Well but well e every possible word uh has a probability to come about of the T_V_ so . <laugh> 

D:  So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers  

D:  Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent 

B:  But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers . 

D:  That will be too big . 

B:  Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser . 

A:  It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel . 

A:  but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary . 

D:  Als might be you just forgot the channel name , you kno only know the number . 

A:  Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary , 

B:  I think there's another way you can do is that uh you can uh <other> if  when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example , then what you can do is that the  you can make the T_V_ screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel , 

B:  you just use the control button uh , 

A:  Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel . 

A:  Just you have uh in the beginning you have uh t you have to train  

C:  the s well the the speech uh r recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two . 

C:  if if there is uh more than one person who is watching T_V_ <laugh> 

D:  If we are using the television in the different environments , say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work , that would bring a bad name  bad uh reputation for our company . 

A:  Or we can switch on or switch off the the special  , yeah . 

C:  well I think that's a good uh a good option 

A:  Maybe we'll discuss them in next meeting . 

D:  I think these are the practical problems . 

A:  It's time to close this meeting . 

