A:  uh good morning everybody here . 

B:  my name is Agnes 

D:  <other> My name is Ed 

C:  Do you also do marketing ? 

A:  So only accounting ? 

C:  And I'm Christine , 

A:  So who is uh marketing , nobody in the market 

D:  Marketing is uh , is me <laugh> . 

A:  So thanks for coming for the meeting first of all , 

D:  <laugh> Well I think that we'll see that throughout the day in how we're going to put this together as a marketing to to market the product . 

A:  but uh do you already have like a functional design or a technical design or  

D:  <other> Uh for the moment not yet . 

A:  do you have some project plan , something with you or  

D:  this is like I said that we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there . 

A:  so uh by when you think you can uh give me some kind of uh project plan , okay , 

D:  Certainly by the next meeting . 

A:  so there's any questions or uh first of all about uh this project ? 

C:  What is the goal of the project ? 

A:  Uh the goal of the project I think maybe I'll uh hand out to the Ed , okay , 

A:  so can you explain uh what exactly the product is ? 

D:  From what I had in mind we're supposed to be marketing coffee , 

A:  Oh I think uh , if I'm not wrong , we're making the remote control . 

D:  'cause I had two different things . 

D:  we're have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use , 

A:  Christine , what about your uh the industrial design plan ? 

C:  Um no , I I have not begun working on the design , 

C:  I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control , 

C:  Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor , 

C:  Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together 

A:  So uh you'll be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team , for the design ? 

C:  Um well , I would th think that depends on how much money you give us . 

A:  Yeah , but uh before we talk about uh the finance , okay , uh do you have some idea how we can uh sell this product or project in the market 

C:  I kind of think that in general you have to do uh um y you have to have something that's very fashionable , that's uh very attractive  that um people see and recognize uh its goal , and uh they immediately wanna have it uh have one of their own . 

C:  you know , I don't care what it does , just so it looks cool . 

A:  but uh uh when you think you can give me like a kind of design on the functional design or the technical design ? 

C:  <other> Well , uh I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now um 

C:  If they uh go quickly then uh it could be a month . 

A:  so like uh what's your functional design , what's your technical design , and uh how many people you need for this project , and what's the time frame you're looking , okay , and what is the budget , maybe uh initial budget you're looking , okay , and uh how is going to the market , okay , 

A:  because I need to go to the management and uh tell them what we are going to do , and uh what cost is , okay , and what's the time frame and what's the project plan , 

C:  Uh <other> are there other people who will be contributing to the plan ? 

A:  if you need some help , uh so let me know . 

A:  And uh Ed uh so what's  what do you think about uh this uh project for the remote control 

D:  Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh , what they're building , their designs , their ideas , 

D:  Whether it works or not , they have to first say I like this , I like the design , 

A:  Yes , so what I uh prefer maybe uh you need to interact uh more with the Christine , okay , 

A:  but you are the core because you are in the marketing , okay , 

A:  So , what I prefer , okay , so you need to interact with the Christine more and uh within her team , okay , who is using the functional design or technical design , okay , 

D:  Do we already have a cost limit on this , th an idea of how much uh we want to market this for , how much it's gonna sell for , 

A:  Yes , that's  you have to decide , okay , 

A:  Okay , so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan , okay , including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team , okay , then it will help me to discuss with the management for further , okay , and put it in the the proper project plan . 

A:  or maybe uh , you are my coordinator , am I right ? 

B:  I mean my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable , it's acceptable to the people who are gonna use it and look at the best ways to do that . 

B:  because depending on what users want , depends on how you sell it , what tag lines you attach to it , how you try to make it more attractive to users . 

A:  Okay and please please copy all the mails , okay , all the discussions to me , okay , 

B:  Yeah , we can C_C_ him on any discussions or documents that are passed around . 

A:  But what I request , okay ,  keep Ed in the loop , okay , in between your uh meeting and Christine meeting , because uh he should know what's happening . 

B:  So , the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design , or 

A:  To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed , okay , and how it's going to be work , 

C:  Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides ? 

A:  Yes , I will . Yes . 

A:  And if anything you need anytime so please either you can call me , or just send me email , or uh just come and uh knock my door , okay , 

