A:  actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting . 

A:  and uh we'll issue some information from uh all of you . 

A:  the agenda of the meeting is opening . 

A:  and uh , of course , I'm doing the project management and secretary both , 

A:  to take the minutes of the meeting . 

A:  management come with the new proposal , 

A:  and I have to discuss a few points on this . 

A:  we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design . 

A:  And the third point , it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image , okay , with this new project or new product . 

A:  I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design . 

B:  I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements , 

B:  and from my experience , I wanna uh , and from <other> research I did , uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button , 

B:  Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them . 

B:  since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product , 

B:  thought we better look at things that are popular 

B:  I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls 

B:  all these devices are examples of where uh mm  they <other> represent examples that are available today <laugh> 

B:  you could throw it at things 

B:  But um <other> I just <other> took some <other> different uh schematics 

B:  and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board . 

B:  personal preferences , <laugh> um 

B:  uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here , 

B:  I think um it could either be  you could go either one extreme , 

B:  Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof , 

B:  one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not , 

A:  if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . 

A:  because uh especially today , you know , you have the family and the kids , 

A:  and the kids throw it 

A:  if you can add the feature , okay , for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay , with unbreakable , 

A:  I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product , 

C:  Do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials ? 

B:  Titanium would be <laugh> be heavy , too , 

B:  um  I wanted feedback , 

B:  but we'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts . 

D:  Expensive . 

B:  nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is , so um  

A:  because uh the last meeting we supposed to discuss about the financial thing . 

A:  I know the project plan and the budget . 

A:  I will  I will send you a mail , 

A:  At the end of the day , the company uh wants to make at least uh the fifty million Euro . 

A:  and uh of course the price will be very reasonable on the the sales side . 

A:  that maybe Eddie will talk to you about uh how much uh the price 

A:  how much its cost for the manufacturing 

A:  This remote control , okay , it can be for like universal , to use for any T_V_ . 

A:  And I I have one  maybe the suggestion or opinion . 

A:  and it will be slim , 

B:  Might be hard to find , though . 

A:  But let's try it , okay , with the different uh  the designs , okay , the functional designs . 

D:  from the marketing  yeah , from the marketing side , just to to give an idea what the management is looking for , I was looking for a a remote control to have a s 

D:  in the recent surveys , uh from the ages  fr from fifteen to thirty-five , eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy . 

D:  Now if we're gonna take a risk , and push this up a bit , make it more expensive , 

D:  then it w it could possibly sell . 

D:  But , I think uh there's one other thing interesting  two things that are interesting  

D:  louder , softer , on , off . 

D:  Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use . 

D:  But , in the cost that uh the management is looking for , that's not gonna be possible . 

D:  But if it's trendy , 

D:  So we're gonna have to look at it in a <other> in this global idea , with the ideas of the industrial uh design . 

A:  What do you think about uh the design , uh what he was talking about  of the speech recognition ? 

B:  training is always an issue with uh commands . 

B:  uh  we can perhaps um <other> do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process , 

B:  <other> But um anyway , um <other> I I think also that uh this might impact the battery life . 

B:  maybe what we'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly 

B:  or maybe uh set it out in the sun 

D:  I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset 

B:  and it uh , you know , gets uh , from the light , um a a solar cell inside there 

C:  It seems also like with the speech recognition , yeah , it's a great feature , 

C:  so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the T_V_ speech , and the the user's speech . 

D:  Because tha w <other> with speech recognition uh th I'm not that good at that idea 

D:  Because I think s with speech recognition , if uh the the remote or like the telephone <other>  it has a exact word that it has to hear . 

A:  what I can uh suggest to you , Christine , 

A:  uh if you need some uh  the technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_ , 

A:  because they're already in this uh speech recognition part , 

A:  and uh if you want , I can coordinate , okay , to get some information , 

A:  and uh you can uh let me know , okay , so what kind of uh the details you require okay , to add this feature in this project . 

A:  we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop , apart from uh what  today . 

D:  From from your side uh , you're gonna have to go back the management 

A:  but end of the day , you're the sales guy , 

A:  It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us 

A:  I don't mind to convince , okay , the management to spend some more money on the project , okay , if you can make out of 

A:  The management says , okay , so they they don't want certain facilities , 

A:  they want something uh new , 

A:  I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , 

A:  And uh I hope I can convince the management on that , 

C:  the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products . 

C:  We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad , 

C:  Um and then what the remote control should look like , 

C:  in terms of the functionalities that we need , you obviously need to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off . 

C:  the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls , in general . 

C:  here we've got two examples 

C:  they're labelled , 

C:  but the labels don't necessarily tell you too much . 

C:  make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed , so like the on button being really obvious one , the channel changing and the volume , 

B:  Clearly your research and uh  and ours uh heading in the same direction , 

B:  the only thing that I saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it . 

B:  I also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh , when you hold it , is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design 

B:  'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about , th th the look and the feel , 

C:  that's definitely a very important factor , especially to users who are gonna be buying the thing and then using it almost on an  daily basis in a lot of cases , I think . 

A:  for anybody need uh any help , for time being , on this uh subjects , okay , so please come back to me , 

A:  and to add some features , like we are talking about , the speech recognition and all . 

C:  Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 

C:  do we actually want to incorporate all of them , 

B:  Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide , 

B:  it says individual actions , 

B:  so I'm supposed to do the components concept , 

C:  I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away ? 

B:  I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , 

A:  what we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break , 

B:  'cause w our meeting time has run out . 

