A:  For uh this meeting the main agenda okay uh to discuss about the conceptual design meeting . 

A:  and uh the presentations from the Christine and uh Agnes and from Mister Ed . 

A:  and we are to take a decision on the remote control concept and uh the functional design 

C:  we were looking he specifically at the components uh  the following components , 

C:  it has to it has to hear the speaker 

C:  so it could be in the television set , could be in the device , 

C:  and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost . 

C:  Our method for going about this is we've looked at uh the histo hi historical record , what's worked , what hasn't 

C:  So um for the case , um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design . 

C:  <other> so then we were thinking about um rubber , 

C:  nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood . 

C:  So then there's this other matter of the chips and um well we could use a simple design on the board , 

C:  we found that it it includes this infrared sender , 

C:  now jumping right to our personal preferences 

C:  and then they could submit their orders , kinda like you submit a custom car order , you know , 

C:  and then I uh think we should go with the solar cells as well as the um microphone and speaker on the advanced chip . 

C:  and my recommendations um for the new remote control w um would be to have um have it be made out of wood . 

A:  question , uh , what's mean exactly , advanced chip on print ? 

C:  I think it's um um a multiple uh chip design um <other> 

C:  but I'll find out more at our next meeting . 

B:  Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material ? 

C:  Because um it gets brittle , cracks  

C:  we expect these um <other> uh these remote controls to be around for several hundred years . 

B:  I think with wood though you'd run into the same types of problems , 

B:  I mean it chips , it if you drop it , 

A:  So  so you're not convinced about the the wood , yes . 

B:  I think <other> if you re if you use really good quality wood , then it might work , 

D:  the o the only w the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard , extremely hard wood , 

D:  Well , it's actually a very innovative n different idea that uh you know you can choose your colour of wood , your type of wood . 

B:  One thing we'd have to check though is what the users  whether  how quickly the novelty wears off of having uh <other> 

C:  you wouldn't wanna have to have splinters in your hand while you're using your  

B:  have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that , 

B:  So , it's a very short presentation , 

B:  I took the ideas that we were talking about last time um and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that y you can actually see on it are the on off switch , volume and channel control , the menu access button , ergonomic shape , 

B:  You'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big , 

B:  and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control . 

B:  Um , so again you can have a little L_C_D_ light somewhere , the flip <other> thing and  

B:  So , as you can see , it's a very very simple design , 

B:  although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different . 

C:  Be like a copper hinge or you know . 

B:  But you also have to d start watching out for the weight , 

B:  As you can see , there's still lots of space on the actual remote control 

B:  Um the centering of the key pad and <other> the channel is just depending on where your thumb is 

D:  I also have a f <other> very simple presentation , 

D:  <other> We've been giving simple <other> questionnaires in different areas 

D:  Looking for next generation of innovation , 

D:  fancy and feel-good , that's what we've been looking for , 

D:  Easy to use , has always has become  has become another major interest that uh , 

D:  And I think this is another thing that's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology . 

D:  The second two , you can see the last one is a very easy simple design . <other> 

D:  So maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use , trendy , fancy , feels good , <laugh> uh with a display , wood , designer wood , designer colours 

C:  Context-sensitive instructions , depending on what the tel what mode the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ or something else is in . 

B:  Especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and 

C:  You know , maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like um <other> a uh <other> uh b some sort of a foam rubber um ball , 

B:  But th for that you'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that if  unless everyone has their own personal remote . 

B:  Well , already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick . 

D:  it was uh Nokia that came out with this changeable colours . 

C:  We'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes , 

A:  Yeah , but we can get a production in , uh <other> , countries like , uh , India 

D:  We're here to design , come up with a nice product . <other> 

A:  but uh that that we can that we can talk about the production later , okay , depends on the the quantity , okay . 

A:  but uh le let's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept , okay , 

A:  And your design <other> whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple , so 

B:  I mean I think it's a good idea , 

B:  So , if we're trying to keep costs down , then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go . 

B:  because theoretically with the T_V_ you already have a big display <other> right in front of you . 

B:  I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for  

C:  do you know how much it costs , um , to to add a little display like this uh ? 

C:  Do you wanna take an action item to go find out ? 

D:  Once we get a price on it then we can market it . 

C:  So the <other> the advanced chip on print is what um what we've <other> we've deci we've determined 

B:  What about the buttons , would  Would the buttons be wood too , or  

C:  I think they could be rubber like they are now , 

A:  what we'll do is , uh , we will stick with the the simple design for time being 

A:  maybe what you can do is uh , both of you , you can come up with the the prototype , okay , the model . 

A:  Then meantime you can come up with the price , how much it's cost as extra for uh the display . 

A:  So , by next meeting , so , please come up with the the prototype , okay , 

