A:  So this meeting agenda will be the detailed design meeting . 

A:  and uh evaluation criteria . 

A:  Okay , let's talk about uh maybe first uh for the prototype . 

C:  I've done a presentation , 

C:  from  when we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting , we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape , 

C:  so in terms of function , you have to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off , volume and channel control , menu control , voice recognition control , 

C:  This is our remote control , with the flip panel as you can see . 

C:  The yellow button you have is the on off button , 

C:  The green are the channel changing . 

C:  Additional feature on the back is that you can have your own customised backing 

C:  the material that we chose was wood , 

C:  and I suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front . 

B:  We haven't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed . 

A:  I think the microphone is on on the top , uh on the middle , the  under the flip . 

C:  But it shouldn't be under the flip either , 

A:  my opinion I think it's better under the flip 

C:  I mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up , I can just use my voice . 

C:  I mean it doesn't have to be on the flip , 

A:  Yeah , the sides maybe is good . 

B:  You need to work on the weight a little bit . <laugh> 

C:  And maybe the shape of the buttons , 

A:  I'm satisfied . 

C:  We could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well . 

C:  And part of the thing is m a lot of people say that they don't like something that's too light , 

C:  So I mean maybe this is excessively heavy , 

C:  because they don't feel like they have enough control over it . 

C:  <other> So that's pretty much it for our presentation actually . 

D:  Well , the prototype is is very well within the design and ideas that we've we've talked about on the previous meetings . 

A:  so then let's come to the finance uh , 

A:  So then we have sample sensor and sample speaker , then uh we have the wood material , then special colour and push button . 

A:  actually , our budget was uh twelve point five Euro , 

D:  Well we haven't come to mine yet , so <laugh> 

B:  . It's gonna cost a long way to c you know , cost a lot of money to market it , is it ? 

D:  on this pr provisionary cost analysis , we do not have a L_C_ display . 

C:  No we do , but it's not filled in . 

D:  We don't have the price up there , 

C:  you're right , sorry , yes . 

D:  okay , so if we add approximately two to three Euro per remote , now we're up around about twelve , twelve and a half as to what uh the company had initially uh requested . Um  

B:  So that means we can put the uh  the L_C_D_ in , yeah . 

D:  But as far as production um I'm putting up a question 

D:  Uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it's not transportation cost uh  

A:  so when it go into the quantity , okay , and the cost will come down . 

B:  <other> Although customisation , because this is being done , you know , the on  on-order basis , it might be uh the the quantity won't m won't uh 

D:  It's gonna be very hard to reduce . 

B:  Uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one Euro . 

A:  so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , 

A:  I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down . 

D:  So now I'm gonna scare everybody out of this project . <laugh> 

D:  since uh we need to have some type of idea on a market uh we had independent study that says it  this this market has an availability to absorb eight mi eight million units per year . 

D:  Our internal company evaluation puts it between eight to nine million 

D:  <other> Which means that uh if we have a target of two million would the company has to take twenty five percent of the market in the first year , 

D:  if we put an inflated price of fifty Euro at a production cost that cannot exceed twenty-five Euro , 

D:  with transport , promotion , labour , because we hav  gi included the promotion in the cost , transport for the material to the stores or whatever how however we're gonna break this down between our our retailers . 

D:  At two million units , we have to have a profit of twenty-five Euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit Eu Euro profit . 

D:  I just did a run down the evaluation of the form , 

D:  but being that the market changes very very quickly , maybe there's no more interest in buying this thing in eighteen months from now . 

B:  Uh uh um I would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel 

C:  You can do a shipping centre somewhere , 

B:  In fact , we should sell through Amazon , 

B:  Or eBay , yeah . 

C:  That actually makes more sense if we're gonna make it so highly customisable , 

B:  And you can even have an  a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di 

C:  The weight and feel . 

B:  but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch before buying . 

D:  maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year , which could <other> you know , feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit . 

A:  I don't think that's uh not possible , 

A:  okay then , l uh let's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , 

C:  <other> Well I was just wondering about if we're gonna do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad , this is bad , we want this done differently . 

B:  We probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it . 

D:  Mm that'd have to be thrown out on the market for people to get an idea , 

A:  So you can take a minimum two weeks to a maximum four weeks . 

C:  Think minimum two weeks if we're gonna develop prototypes and then try to take them to different places and see how people use  

A:  Okay , so then the real production we will start once we product evaluation , okay , 

A:  Let's proceed with this model , okay , for the for the marketing direction , okay . 

A:  So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market 

C:  The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of . 

A:  Well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there's no end , there's no limit . 

C:  No , but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up . 

C:  I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . 

C:  well you have no redesign  not you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and  

B:  Ed , d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for T_V_ remote control sales ? 

A:  The sports time . 

B:  Sports season . 

D:  Right before the Eur <laugh> the World Cup . <laugh> World soccer . World Cup soccer , 

B:  So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the final  the the launch of a user-tested device with some  special event . 

C:  Yeah , that's a good idea . 

B:  but , so , I'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing 

C:  <other> That's actually good place to advertise it too . 

B:  <other> There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um  that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it , 

B:  Maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage . 

C:  A lot of products have gone out there without being properly user-tested and completely flopped , 

B:  so , you're right , timing is very important , 

A:  Okay , so then uh let's come to the closing 

A:  Yes , the  that of course uh I will convince the management to do that , okay . 

A:  I think he can promote the the brand value and the product value . 

A:  and uh let's leave it to the Ed for later for once production is over 

