A:  like before we uh  I have to redo the meetings from <other>  n th the minutes from the last meeting 

A:  It should have nine channel buttons , a next button , volume buttons , subtitle buttons , switch to control features , colour contrast , sharpness etcetera . 

A:  Uh speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal uh features she would like see d d to be integrated in this um in this new remote . 

A:  The industrial designer um presented her uh <other> thoughts on the issue . 

A:  uh scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore . 

A:  The marketing expert uh who has to finally come up with  to to to market this product has been watching the competition , has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small , easy to use and it should be eye catching . 

A:  And the decision that we took last time was that uh the special feature we would like to see is a speech recogniser , 

A:  should be trendy design , compact and strong , 

C:  This is a model of the remote control which we are going to build . 

C:  it's blue in colour 

C:  Uh and also compact in shape . 

C:  Um the material is plastic and uh for the buttons it is uh s soft rubber 

B:  Now we have included another feature that is the mute button 

B:  Now uh we have included the switch on and off button . 

B:  Then we have included one to nine buttons 

B:  We have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume . 

B:  Now our  our model also contains a button which is called as the menu button . 

B:  We have also included a button which is called as the swapping button . 

C:  And then um uh for the  for the led , for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green 

B:  And at the end , it  this remote has inbuilt voice recogniser which c which will recognise the user's voice and then it'll act accordingly . 

D:  what I really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb , 

D:  I like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place . 

D:  The colour's very attractive . 

B:  Yes , it will have uh  these buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols . 

B:  and one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape . 

D:  I think voice recognition is our big selling point 

D:  I think we have to , we have to dwell on on on the appearance . 

D:  I'm supposed to make a little presentation , aren't I ? 

A:  No , now this was our evaluation criteria which we uh just have done . 

D:  Ah , but in my instructions I think it said I was supposed to go to the board and do something . 

A:  <other> Well , there is a production evaluation . 

A:  But that's after the financing . 

A:  Okay now on the financing we bring up the 

A:  Um kinetic source so that's  in the energy source that's all we need . 

D:  I guess it's double curved . 

A:  And then we have to interface push buttons . 

A:  Eight , eight point two . 

A:  looks like we are well within budget . 

A:  Now we would like to have a presentation by the marketing expert on production evaluation . 

D:  And I think we should show this prototype to people from various age and socio-economic groups 

D:  And show the the prototype to consumer research groups , 

D:  Okay , now the things that I was thinking and th my wish list has really been realised in this prototype . 

D:  And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't going to use it before they buy it . 

D:  Okay , so um the shape um I think is a  a one . 

D:  And our colour I think is great . 

D:  so I would say that we got to a five out of seven on on functionality . 

A:  Um I just realised one thing . 

A:  I mean maximum we have another four point three euros I mean <other> four thirty . 

D:  So we're just gonna have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us . 

D:  Um and we're supposed to talk about those things as a team now , 

D:  uh one being good and seven being the worst . 

A:  Yes I think uh shape is one . 

D:  And how about on size ? 

A:  I think I would give it at least a two . 

D:  Colour , I gave it a one . 

D:  One , one , one , okay . 

B:  I'll give three . 

C:  Uh maybe two , 

D:  And the next is functionality 

A:  I'll give it a three . 

D:  It looks like we've got got ourselves a pretty good product . 

A:  Here is what we looking at uh satisfaction on for example room for creativity . 

A:  Is there more room for creativity or are we absolutely happy ? 

B:  We can always improve , yes . 

C:  so I think  I  I mean we can just have small buttons and more buttons in that case . If we want to have more features than that . 

D:  Well then again if we're gonna um <other> do the speech recognition thing we're gon there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that for the recording of the the speech . 

D:  maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons , instead of having two mute buttons . 

A:  Uh , um are we happy with the creativity that has passed here 

A:  personally I think uh I'm pretty happy . 

A:  and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project ? 

D:  <other> I think you've done a good job , Miss leader . <laugh> 

A:  I think we we did , uh in more than one respect and uh so I think we did very well here . 

A:  So I  I thank you all very much . 

