A:  First I will introduce myself . 

A:  I'm Bart , 

D:  My name's Frank . 

A:  let's start off um with a little presentation . 

A:  is there a project documents folder ? 

A:  I don't know if you've noticed , but uh we're working for Real Reaction . 

A:  We put fashion in electronics , 

A:  uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . 

A:  This is our agenda . 

A:  then I can take some notes 

A:  Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while . 

A:  but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down , just write it down . 

A:  Um have you all seen the corporate website already ? 

A:  Have you seen any flaws in it ? 

A:  But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh  there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction . 

A:  <other> Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . 

A:  Uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through . 

A:  The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . 

A:  But that will be all worked out in uh other meetings . 

A:  As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board . 

A:  uh these functions we don't have anything to do with , 

A:  Uh then we've got our pen . This pen . 

A:  You can also select the current colour and the line width . 

A:  and it's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there . 

A:  We've got our shared folder , 

A:  But all you will found that already 

A:  so if you have a document you wanna show , just open it from the folder . 

A:  it's save , print , move back or forward one page . 

A:  We're going to uh draw animal . 

A:  You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child . 

A:  Another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow . 

A:  we choose form of current colour 

A:  Now you'll see my drawing capabilities . 

A:  you have to do it real slow . 

A:  I was trying to draw a dolphin , 

A:  <laugh> And then you can undo 

A:  Maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down . 

A:  now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you . 

D:  Gonna use a different line width . 

A:  Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width , I think . 

D:  You have to go really slow when you're writing . 

B:  Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head , 

C:  I was gonna draw a cat too , 

A:  it's pretty skinny cat . <laugh> 

A:  everybody knows how to work with the white board now ? 

D:  Yeah . 

A:  move along to the project finance . 

A:  Uh we can do it international , 

A:  Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , 

A:  just try to remember these points . Selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million um , but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on . And production cost uh maximal twelve and a half Euros . 

A:  that's leads us to our little discussion . 

A:  does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and I mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ? 

C:  No , me neither . 

D:  kind of broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player , 

A:  I've I've got one at home . 

A:  I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . 

A:  we've  we want different functions 

A:  And it also operates on infra-red , 

A:  and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . 

A:  so you have to got the little device inside your room , 

D:  Think it has to be shock proof 

B:  Sure , yeah . 

D:  my remote control tends to fall a lot . 

B:  Waterproof , 

A:  Um I will put the minutes from this meeting uh in our project folder . 

D:  Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it . 

D:  how much is left in the battery . 

A:  then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder , 

A:  And we can all work uh on our own projects . <other> 

A:  then I'll meet you in about a half an hour , I think . 

