A:  It's the conceptual design meeting . 

A:  Um but first I'll show you the agenda . 

A:  Then a little uh thing about the last meeting . 

A:  And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers . 

A:  um I suggest let's get started with the presentations . 

D:  I'm uh gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days . 

D:  Um most important thing is the fancy design . 

D:  Uh the older people prefer dark colours . 

D:  Um this leads us to some personal preferences . 

D:  the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest , 

D:  Um well the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be , the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped . 

D:  This is pretty much a new shape to uh older people . 

D:  Um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions , one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel , and one with a grey-black colour . 

B:   uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface . 

B:  that's w what I what I want to uh uh to do in uh our design . 

B:  just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions . 

B:  finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control . Um the uh  I found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition . 

B:  only uh buttons uh for uh sound , um for uh on-off , um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down . 

B:   we uh need some uh new a attractive functions 

B:  it's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles . 

B:  overall um user-friendly . 

B:  using uh large large buttons . Um  

B:  And and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something , you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off 

B:  Television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh . Um  

B:  I was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles , 

B:  we've got um the buttons we have to use . The on-off , sound on-off , sound higher or lower , um the numbers , uh zero to uh uh nine . Um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel . 

B:  made a little uh picture of uh it . 

B:  Just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner , 

B:  D display uh of it , it's uh just a small display . 

B:  and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel , um it's uh on place where um the thumb of of the  

C:  About the components design . 

C:  But if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete . 

C:  Uh as a case supplement , we could um , I thought of that l later , uh a rubber uh belt , like a anti-slip . 

C:  Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy . 

C:  Um for the case , uh the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer . 

A:  that brings us to the discussion about our concepts . 

A:  Um first I think we can talk about the energy source , 

A:  uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , I think . 

C:  We could use the basic normal battery . 

C:  there there are four options . 

C:  But I don't think that's <laugh> really an option . 

C:  Uh solar cells . 

C:  Or the kinetic energy . 

D:  And how exactly does the kinetic energy work ? 

C:  y you basically shake your remote , and then it powers up . 

D:  personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . 

D:  you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . 

B:  Uh it's uh just a small display 

A:  I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . 

D:  I'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price ? 

C:  Mm I don't have any information on pricing . 

D:  Um we also um asked if w they would , if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . 

D:  you can see here , our target group would not do that . 

D:  I would greatly advise not to do it . 

D:  So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control 

C:  But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess . 

D:  here the question was , would you prefer it . 

D:  And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . 

A:  I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , I think nobody has anything against it . 

A:  Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition . 

A:  If we don't have the voice recognition , it will it won't use a lot of energy to use . Um  

A:  in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , 

C:  And that's the best choice . 

A:  let me just choose for the battery . 

C:  there isn't any choice there 

A:  And then we get to the point of the case . 

A:  Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey . Or both ? 

A:  wood is a lot more expensive to produce . 

D:   <cough> And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour . 

A:  But with colour was a lot more expensive ? Or ? 

C:  I'll have to uh research . 

A:  It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape . 

B:  with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the Nokia mobile phones , uh when you can change the case of it . 

B:  Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . 

B:  you have just to make one um standard um remote control , 

A:  I think that's a very good option . 

A:  You can sell the cases . 

A:  and then you can make them with colour . Black and grey , other colours as well . 

D:  We would have to look carefully into the design though . 

A:  Costs . 

D:  I think w we should just , we should then just design one um 

A:  everybody's okay with the changing covers ? 

D:  Um I heard our Industrial Designer talk about uh flat , single and double curved . 

C:  the the general like most older remotes are flat , just straight . 

D:  And what would single curved and double curved mean ? 

C:  Um it would just only affect the form , for as far as I know . 

A:  It's has to be possible to stand up ? 

D:  just to lie down . 

A:  the interface . What type of interface do we want to use ? 

B:  Uh we can just use the regular form of it , 

D:  Um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side , 

D:  Um I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side . 

B:  Is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up ? And on the uh other uh <other> uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting , uh for for the sound ? 

D:  but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy , ease of use . 

A:  Can't we make uh  Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same 

A:  No that's not gonna work . I guess . 

A:  But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand ? 

A:  I think we could just uh leave it a normal shape . 

C:  Let's look at the flat case . 

C:  The the single curved so I'm not really sure what they're gonna look like , but I think it's something like this . 

C:  or better  Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit . 

C:  this type should be better for you 

A:  I suggest um the single curved , 

B:  the remote control have to um lay in your hand . 

B:  Um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand . 

B:  And to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh  

A:  But I think it's better to put the screen uh on top . 

D:  And I'd prefer the corners to be round . 

B:  But um the on-off button , um still on the top uh  

A:  Then  We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use . 

A:  for the next meeting uh we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design . 

A:  just um I will put these um minutes on the in the folder . 

A:  I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together 

A:  I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first . 

A:  Then we can save this one in the folders group . 

A:  if you wanna have a look at it , it's over there in the projects folder . 

