A:  In this meeting we will discuss our final design . 

A:  And this uh design , detailed design meeting uh we will discuss uh the look-and-feel of the design , the usability interface design , 

A:  We'll have the prototype presentation first . 

A:  Then we will do the project uh evaluation , 

A:  But first um we will do the  this is prototype presentation . 

C:  this is what me and Richard came up with . 

D:  Um , <cough> is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality ? 

B:  Uh , that's just uh the normal uh as th as the normal uh remote controls uh  

B:  you um came in uh page uh one hundred . Now you can use the normal uh one to zero buttons . 

B:  But you can also uh use the um button th for uh changing the the channel . S so uh the shifting uh button . Uh for uh yeah shif shifting up in uh on t on t uh teletext , and shifting uh down . So  

A:  I thought in a few meetings earlier we uh uh tried to keep it uh simple . Uh just a few buttons and large buttons . 

C:  I think if you look at most controls , they've got more buttons than this . 

C:  the on-off button , it's it's a necessity . 

C:  The volume and channel buttons , you need you obviously need those those . 

C:  I think the help button really is necessary 

B:  Uh , or you can build in uh when you press uh one button uh uh  

C:  you can't leave out the number buttons I guess . 

A:  Uh teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary . 

C:  So it's rather basic already . 

A:  Just n normal plain buttons . 

C:  But they're supposed to be equal sized , round , with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume , the the triangle and stuff . 

C:  and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons . With a a different colour than the case . 

A:  I will move on to the finance part , 

A:  And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half Euros . 

A:  I don't know if I've filled in correctly , 

D:  Since it rechargeable . 

A:  That's two Euros off . <laugh> 

A:  <other> Here we have the single curves . 

A:  but I think the single curved is good for design , and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control . 

A:  Then we have the case material supplements . 

A:  But then the biggest costs are the buttons . 

A:  Let's fir first count the buttons we have now . 

B:  Uh seventeen . Uh with the help button . 

A:  I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . 

D:  Uh , d I assume you'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each , 

A:  So maybe we can we can even make one button with the volume and the channel in one , by pressing 

D:  I was thinking , maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button . 

B:  On the chip you've got still uh four uh four buttons . 

A:  Also the L_C_ display , I think it's , I think it's too expensive for the display we use . 

C:  If we leave out the display we can also save money on the chip . 

A:  but what's the big advantage of our remote then ? <laugh> 

D:  Only the docking station , I guess . 

C:  Which isn't the  the docking station isn't even in this c s schematic . 

C:  it's not even taken into the price . 

C:  But would it make the remote more usable for elderly people ? 

A:  Don't you think we can , if we can count this as v as one button , and integrate th uh these buttons in three , 

D:  maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little . 

A:  but uh we have to stick to the twelve and a half Euros . 

A:  It is . If you leave out the L_C_ display . And if you use less buttons . Say  Or you can take the single chip . 

B:  But it is possible to make one uh for uh twelve fifty . 

A:  Or we can leave out the ten buttons 

A:  If you scroll you will see the numbers on the L_C_D_ display . 

D:  That would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also . Integrated scroll-wheel push-button . 

A:  but then you you can push uh some other button as well . 

A:  <other> And the regular chip is not possible ? 

C:  If you want to use an L_C_D_ screen you you need an advanced chip , yes . 

A:  And we can save a Euro by a flat design . 

B:  or we have to uh skip the subtitle uh button . 

A:  but I think that's  That is a big advantage , 

A:  can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ? 

D:  But then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , 

C:  I think so . Yeah . 

D:  With only five buttons on it . And a scroll-wheel . 

D:  Holding a remote with <other> which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . 

C:  And just um  If you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel . 

A:  So we make one for the volume , one for the channel . Plus scroll . 

A:  we can leave the teletext in if we want . 

A:  So we can decrease this one to four buttons . 

A:  what does everybody think about a flat or a single curved design ? 

D:  I still think we should go for the single curve design . 

A:  I think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . 

A:  But th um I think we can then keep the single curved one . Just to express our L_C_D_ screen a bit more . 

A:  I think it was better to have this price list a bit earlier . <laugh> Before we went on to the to the whole design . 

D:  Yes . Definitely . <laugh> 

D:  This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell . 

B:  But they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . 

A:  What it costs under twelve and a half Euros ? 

A:  Uh , yes they are . 

A:  But we can go on with the project evaluation . 

D:  I did some literature study study , and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier . 

D:  Um , is the remote fancy ? The shape , look and feel . 

D:  And the cost . 

D:  I have to say this was a little hard , 

A:  that's because my pen failed to upload his data . 

D:  Is the design fancy , on a scale of one to seven ? 

D:  Um , is the design innovative ? 

D:  Seven ? 

D:  Is the design easy to use ? 

B:  Mm . Not really . 

A:  I would say four . Four or five between . Between four or five . 

A:  Is it functional ? 

D:  Do we have too many functions ? 

C:  No . 

A:  Think it's uh seven . 

D:  and do we um take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control ? Like it getting lost and  R_S_I_ influences ? 

C:  Mm , we haven't thought of that one . 

D:  Think we do . 

D:  they are now . 

C:  I think that's a three . 

A:  I think with our new radio button , I think it's uh I think it's better . 

C:  <other> I still  I think it's too m too fancy . Too too flashy . 

A:  I would give it a four . 

D:  I think I'd go for two . 

D:  Is the company company recognisable ? 

A:  Yes it is . 

D:  we have the logo there . 

A:  And they wanna put fashion in their products . Uh in the slogan of the company . 

D:  I was also supposed to calculate the score , 

D:  These are seven factors times seven is forty something . Two ? 

D:  Forty one out of forty nine . 

A:  That's  Around eighty percent . 

A:  I think that's a pretty nice score . 

A:  that brings us to the project evaluation . 

A:  Did we move through the right phases , you think ? <other> Along the process ? 

D:  Think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier . In the design phase . 

A:  So lack of information about prices . 

A:  Was there room for creativity ? 

D:  Not too much . <laugh> No . <laugh> 

A:  It's because of the finance sheet . Yeah . 

C:  Yeah , there w there was enough room , but the finance uh  

D:  And I would've liked to go for the younger users also . 

A:  Was it clear what everybody had to do uh according to their roles and functions ? Yeah ? 

C:  The tasks are very structured , 

A:  Were the means sufficient for the tasks uh we had to do ? 

C:  the smart-board , the d d drawing is just a pain in the ass , 

A:  Failed download . Smart-board was irritating . <laugh> 

A:  the sharing of the information was uh was okay ? 

D:  Pen is here . 

A:  Uh , network . 

A:  Have we found new ideas for having this kind of meetings ? 

B:  Um , yeah 

A:  any more ideas ? 

C:  <other> Considering we are not going to make a docking station . 

A:  Do we think we gonna get the twelve and a half million ? 

A:  I think we will . <laugh> If we gonna export this product . 

D:  if we're n gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . 

A:  Just put it on the market for everybody . 

A:  So you can also try to uh reach the younger people by uh putting fancy covers on on the market . Just as a test . See how it works . 

D:  I think then it would be way more uh popular with younger people than it is , than would be with older people . Even if it were their covers . 

A:  I think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire . I think . 

A:  Five more minutes ? 

A:  Then we still have some questions . 

A:  <other> I think I'm going to make our final presentation now . 

D:  Are we supposed to go into our own rooms again ? 

B:  Uh maybe we have to fill uh another questionnaire . 

A:  And we can keep our L_C_D_ screen , 

