A:  Maybe we ought to switch off these things before we continue . 
A:  to  to handle . 
A:  I 'm 
A:  in control here . 
A:  But if you really want to find out what it 's about you have to  click on the little  light bulb . 
A:  It opens the Assistant that tells you that the font type is too small . 
A:  Do you wanna try ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  Continue . 
A:  Why are you doing this in this mode and not in the presentation mode ? 
A:  Oh ! OK . 
A:  Of course . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Sure . 
A:  No , It 's OK . 
A:  It 's  It 'll work . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Appreciate it . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  The  
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Well there  there is a term  that 's often used . 
A:  That 's " saliency " , or the " salience " of an object . 
A:  And I was just wondering whether that 's the same as what you describe as " landmark - iness " . 
A:  But it 's really not . 
A:  I mean an object can be very salient 
A:  but not a landmark at all . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Or it can be als 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  No one knows it . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  They 're  they 're are a couple of more things . 
A:  I mean Uh . I would actually suggest we go through this one more time so we  we all uh , agree on what  what the meaning of these things is at the moment 
A:  and maybe <breath> what changes we  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Why is the landmark  
A:  OK . 
A:  The landmark is facing to the tourists . 
A:  That 's because we 're talking about landmarks as touristic landmarks 
A:  not as possible um 
A:  navigational landmarks 
A:  so 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Then  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Whatever granularity . 
A:  Uh - huh . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  that 's very nice , 
A:  huh ? 
A:  The  the  So the context is a switch between tourist or non - tourist ? 
A:  Or also unknown ? 
A:  OK . 
A:  So , the  the middle layer is also binary ? 
A:  No . 
A:  Uh . It  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  But all those things without question marks are also binary . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Nice walls ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  OK . 
A:  I  I gotcha . 
A:  So we can either be in a hurry or not , 
A:  but we cannot be in a medium hurry at the moment ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah , yeah . 
A:  well the  the  sort of the landmark is  is sort of the object 
A:  right ? 
A:  the argument in a sense ? 
A:  that 's always warping on something  some entity , 
A:  and um  Uh maybe at this stage we will  we do want to  uh sort of get  uh modifiers in there 
A:  because they may also tell us whether the person is in a hurry or not 
A:  what 's the fastest way 
A:  No , 
A:  then it wouldn't be a demo 
A:  I was just gonna s 
A:  Yeah 
A:  but it  it 
A:  However you know , it  The purpose was not really , at this stage , to come up with meaningful probabilities 
A:  but to get thinking about that hidden middle layer . 
A:  And so th 
A:  And  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Is it  
A:  So if you run out of cash as a tourist , and  and  and you need to go to the AT 
A:  Mmm . 
A:  " How do I get to the bank ? " 
A:  We - what set the  they set the context to " unknown " ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And if we now do  leave everything else as is the results should be the same , 
A:  right ? 
A:  Pretty much the same ? 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Why don't we  
A:  Can we , 
A:  um  How long would it take to  to add another  node on the observatory and , um , play around with it ? 
A:  Let 's just say make it really simple . 
A:  If we create  something that for example would be um  
A:  So th some things can be landmarks in your sense 
A:  but  they  can never be entered ? 
A:  So for example s a statue . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  So  maybe we wanna have " landmark "  meaning now " enterable landmark " versus , um something that 's simply just a vista point , for example . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  uh , a statue or um  
A:  Well , for example , if we include that , 
A:  yeah ? 
A:  um , accessibility or something , 
A:  yeah ? 
A:  " Is it  Can it be entered ? " 
A:  then of course , this is  sort of binary as well . 
A:  And then um , there 's also the question whether it may be entered . 
A:  In the sense that , you know , if it 's  Tom  the house of Tom Cruise , you know , it 's enterable but you may not enter it . 
A:  You know ? 
A:  You 're not allowed to . 
A:  Unless you are , whatever , his  his divorce lawyer or something . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  and um  And these are very observable sort of from the  from the ontology sort of things . 
A:  y y If  If you 're running an errand you maybe more likely to be able to enter places that are usually not <breath> al w you 're not usually  not allowed to uh m 
A:  Let 's get this uh b clearer . 
A:  S so it 's matrix between if it 's not enterable , 
A:  period . 
A:  Yeah , 
A:  exactly . 
A:  This is sort of uh 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Right . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  So we would have  
A:  What does it mean , then , that we have to  
A:  we have an object type statue . 
A:  That really is an object type . 
A:  So there is  there 's gonna be a bunch of statues . 
A:  And then we have , for example , an object type ,  hmm , that 's a hotel . 
A:  How about hotels ? 
A:  So , the most famous building in Heidelberg is actually a hotel . 
A:  It 's the hotel Zum Ritter , 
A:  which is the only Renaissance building in Heidelberg that was left after  the big destruction and for the Thirty Years War , blah - blah - blah . 
A:  It has wonderful walls . 
A:  Um - And lots of detail , c and carvings , engravings and so forth , 
A:  so . 
A:  But , um , it 's still an unlikely candidate for the Tango mode I  must say . 
A:  But . Um . So  s So if you are a d 
A:  Well it 's very tricky . 
A:  So I guess your question is  so far I have no really arg no real argument why to differentiate between statues as  statues and houses of celebrities , 
A:  from that point of view . 
A:  Huh . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Let  Let 's do a  
A:  Can we add , just so I can see how it 's done , uh , a " has door "  property 
A:  or  ? 
A:  Um , I think , um , it might affect  
A:  Oh actually it 's  it   it wouldn't affect any of our nodes , 
A:  right ? 
A:  Oh it 's  it affects th The " doing business " is certainly not . 
A:  It should , um , inhibit that , 
A:  right ? 
A:  OK , 
A:  so just dis dismiss everything . 
A:  Close it and  and load up the old state so  it doesn't screw  screw that up . 
A:  Maybe you can read in ? 
A:  Command line . 
A:  What is the c code ? 
A:  Can w can we see that ? 
A:  How do you write the code 
A:  or do you actually never have to write any code there ? 
A:  n uh  
A:  Go  Right mouse . 
A:  Open with . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  Through the old Notepad . 
A:  That 's my favorite editor . 
A:  Wordpad ? 
A:  I  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK . 
A:  Mmm - hmm . 
A:  So this is sort of LISP - y ? 
A:  No . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  And that might do . 
A:  Do you have the true source files 
A:  or just the class ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  But if th if there is an XML  file that  or format that it can also read  
A:  I mean it just reads this , 
A:  right ? 
A:  When it starts . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  OK , wonderful . 
A:  So you got more slides ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Good . 
A:  So the uh  
A:  It 's like yawning . 
A:  And this announcement was in stereo . 
A:  OK . 
A:  So this means um  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I think we  
A:  I think a  a sort of general strategy here  
A:  You know , this is  this is excellent because  um it gets you thinking along these terms  
A:  is that maybe we ob we could observe a couple of um discourse phenomena such as the admission fee , 
A:  and something else and something else , that happened in the discourse before . 
A:  And um  let 's make those four . 
A:  And maybe there are two um  
A:  So maybe this could be sort of a separate region of the net ,  which has two   has it 's own middle layer . 
A:  Maybe this , you know , has some  kind  of um , funky thing that di 
A:  if this 
A:  and this may influence these hidden nodes of the discourse 
A:  which is maybe something that is uh , a more general version of the actual  phenomenon that you can observe . 
A:  So things that point towards  
A:  So " pay a visit "  
A:  uh uh d 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  Exactly . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  And then maybe there are some discourse acts if they happened before , 
A:  um it 's more for um a cue that the person actually wants to get somewhere else 
A:  and that you are in a  in a  in a route 
A:  um , sort of proceeding past these things , 
A:  so this would be just something that  where you want to pass it . 
A:  Hmm ? 
A:  Is that it ? 
A:  However these are of course then 
A:  the  the nodes , the observed nodes , for your middle layer . 
A:  So this  again points to " final destination " , " doing business " , " tourist hurry " and so forth . 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  And so then we can say , " OK . 
A:  we have a whole  region  " <breath> in a e 
A:  Yeah , exactly . 
A:  And this is just  then just one . 
A:  So e because at the end the more we um  add , you know , the more spider - web - ish it 's going to become in the middle and the more of hand editing . 
A:  It 's going to get very ugly . 
A:  But with this way we could say " OK , these are the  discourse phenomena . 
A:  They ra may have there own hidden layer  that points to some of  the  the real hidden layer , um or the general hidden layer . 
A:  And the same we will be able to do for syntactic information , 
A:  the verbs used , the object types used , modifiers . 
A:  And maybe there 's a hidden layer for that . 
A:  And so forth and so forth . 
A:  Then we have context . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  Precisely . 
A:  So . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  And if it  if you do it  If you could connect it too hard you may get such phenomenon that  like " So how much has it cost to enter ? " 
A:  and the answer is two hundred fifty dollars , 
A:  and then the persons says um " Yeah I want to see it . " 
A:  Yeah ? 
A:  meaning " It 's way out of my budget " 
A:  um  
A:  Um , nothing comes to mind . 
A:  Without thinking too hard . 
A:  Um , maybe , 
A:  yeah of course , 
A:  um opera premiers . 
A:  So you know . 
A:  Or  or any good old Pink Floyd concert . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  I think that the h I mean nothing beats the  the admission charge prices in Japan . 
A:  So there , two hundred dollars is  is moderate for getting into a discotheque . 
A:  You know . 
A:  Then again , everything else is free then once you 're ins in there . 
A:  Food and drink and so forth . 
A:  So . I mean . 
A:  But i you know , i we can  
A:  Something  Somebody can have discussed the admission fee and u the answer  is s if we  
A:  um , you know , um  still , based on that result is never going to enter that building . 
A:  You know ? 
A:  Because it 's just too expensive . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  It works like this . 
A:  The uh , um  I mean . 
A:  The first thing we get is that  already the intention is sort of t 
A:  They tried to figure out the intention , 
A:  right ? 
A:  simply by parsing it . 
A:  And this um  m won't differentiate between all modes , 
A:  yeah ? 
A:  but at least it 'll tell us " OK here we have something that  
A:  somebody that wants to go someplace , 
A:  now it 's up for us to figure out what kind of going there is  is   is happening , 
A:  and um , if the discourse takes a couple of turns before everything  all the information is needed , 
A:  what happens is you know the parser parses it 
A:  and then it 's handed on to the discourse history which is , um o one of the most elaborate  elaborate modules . 
A:  It 's  it 's actually the  the whole memory of the entire system , that knows what  wh who said what , which was  what was presented . 
A:  It helps an an anaphora resolution and it  and it fills in all the structures that are omitted , 
A:  so ,  um , 
A:  because you say " OK ,  how can I get to the castle ? 
A:  " Oh , how  how much is it ? " 
A:  and um " yeah I would like uh  um  to g let 's do it " and so forth . 
A:  So even without an a ana  anaphora somebody has to make sure that information we had earlier on is still here . 
A:  Because not every module keeps a memory of everything that happened . 
A:  so <breath> whenever the uh , um person is not actually rejecting what happened before , 
A:  so as in " No I really don't want to see that movie . 
A:  I 'd rather stay home and watch TV " 
A:  um  What movie was selected in what cinema in what town is  is going to be sort of added into the disc into the representations every di at each dialogue step , by the discourse model  discourse  model , 
A:  Yeah , that 's what it 's called . 
A:  and , um , it does some help in the anaphora resolution 
A:  and it also helps in coordinating the gesture screen issues . 
A:  So a person pointing to something on the screen , you know , 
A:  the discourse model actually stores what was presented at what location on the s on the screen 
A:  so it 's a  it 's a rather huge <breath>  huge thing 
A:  but um  <mouth gesture, reverse raspberry>  um   <breath> we can  sort of  
A:  It has a very clear interface . 
A:  We can query it whether admission fees were discussed in the last turn 
A:  and  and the turn before that or you know 
A:  how  deep we want to search 
A:  um  which is a question . 
A:  How deep do we want to sear , 
A:  you know ? 
A:  Um  but we should  try to keep in mind that , you know , we 're doing this sort of for research , 
A:  so we  we should find a limit that 's reasonable and not go , you know , all the way back to Adam and Eve . 
A:  You know , did that person ever discuss admissions fee  fees in his entire life ? 
A:  And the dialogues are pretty  pretty you know <breath> concise 
A:  and  
A:  Anyway . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  I mean the  <breath> u u 
A:  It 's in the  these  these  these plan schemas . 
A:  I mean there are some  some of them are extremely elaborate , 
A:  you know . 
A:  " What do you need  need to buy a ticket ? " 
A:  You know ? 
A:  and it  it 's fifty steps , 
A:  huh ? 
A:  just for buying a ticket  at a ticket counter , 
A:  you know , and  and maybe that 's helpful to look at it  to look at those . 
A:  It 's amazing what human beings can do . 
A:  W when we talked uh we had the example , you know , of you being uh  a s a person on a ticket counter working at railway station 
A:  and somebody r runs up to you with a suitcase in his hands , says <breath> New York 
A:  and you say Track seven , 
A:  huh ? 
A:  And it 's because you know that that person actually is following , you know  You execute a whole plan of going through a hundred and fifty steps , you know , without any information other than " New York " , 
A:  huh ? 
A:  inferring everything from the context . 
A:  So , works . 
A:  Um , even though there is probably no train from here to New York , 
A:  right ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  But uh  it 's possible . 
A:  Um , no you probably have to transfer also somewhere else . 
A:  Right ? 
A:  Is that t San Francisco , Chicago ? 
A:  Is that possible ? 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Hmm . 
A:  Well it never went all the way , 
A:  right ? 
A:  I mean you always had to change trains at Omaha , 
A:  right ? 
A:  One track ended there and the other one started at  five meters away from that 
A:  and <laugh> sort of  
A:  yeah ? 
A:  Has anybody ever been on an Amtrak ? 
A:  Their reputation is very bad . 
A:  huh ? 
A:  It 's not maybe reality . 
A:  But  you know , I don't know whether it 's  which ones are safer , you know , statistically . 
A:  Much faster . 
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  yeah I used  um Amtrak quite a bit on the east coast 
A:  and I was surprised . 
A:  It was actually OK . 
A:  You know , on Boston New York , 
A:  New York Rhode Island , 
A:  whatever , 
A:  Boston . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  But  
A:  That 's  a different issue . 
A:  Hmm ? 
A:  I think that um  What you guys did is really nicely sketching out different tasks , and maybe some of their conditions . 
A:  One task is more likely you 're in a hurry when you do that kind of s doing business , 
A:  and  and less in a hurry when uh  you 're a tourist 
A:  Um  <breath> tourists may have  never have final destinations , you know because they are eternally traveling around 
A:  so <breath> maybe what  what  what happened  what might happen is that we do get this sort of task - based middle layer , 
A:  and then we 'll get these sub - middle layers , that are more cue - based . 
A:  Nah ? 
A:  Might be  might be a nice dichotomy of  of the world . 
A:  So , um I suggest w to  for  to proceed with this in  in the sense that  maybe throughout this week the three of us will  will talk some more about maybe segmenting off different regions , 
A:  and we make up some   some toy a observable " nodes "  
A:  is that what th 
A:  What 's the technical term ? 
A:  For the uh  nodes that are observable ? 
A:  The " outer layer " ? 
A:  Feature ma make up some features for those  
A:  Identify  four regions , 
A:  maybe make up some features for each region 
A:  and uh  <breath> and uh , uh  and uh  
A:  middle layer for those . 
A:  And then these should then connect somehow to the more plan - based deep space 
A:  Yep . The - they  they will be aud ad - hoc for  for  for some time to come . 
A:  The day after tomorrow . 
A:  Wednesday . 
A:  Oh , 
A:  isn't Ben ? 
A:  Ben , then , 
A:  Ben . 
A:  OK . 
A:  So the uh  
A:  That will be one  one thing we could do . 
A:  I actually uh , have  Um , 
A:  also we can uh , start looking at the SmartKom tables 
A:  and I will  
A:  I actually wanted to show that  to you guys now 
A:  but um . 
A:  Um , no 
A:  I  I actually made a mistake because it  it fell asleep 
A:  and when Linux falls asleep on my machine it 's  it doesn't wake up ever , 
A:  so I had to reboot 
A:  And if I reboot without a network , I will not be able to start SmartKom , because I need to have a network . 
A:  So we 'll do that t maybe uh  
A:  Yep . 
A:  Um  <breath> it looks up some stuff that ,  you know , is  is that  is in the  written by the operating system only if it  if you get a DHCP request , 
A:  so it  you know , my computer does not know its IP address , 
A:  you know ? 
A:  You know . So . 
A:  Unless it boots up with networking . 
A:  And I don't have an IP address , they can't look up  
A:  they don't know who localhost is , and so forth and so forth . 
A:  Always fun . 
A:  But it 's a , um , simple solution . 
A:  We can just um , go downstairs and  and  and look at this , 
A:  but maybe not today . 
A:  The other thing um  I will  
A:  oh yeah , 
A:  OK , I have to report <breath> um , data collection . 
A:  We interviewed Fey , 
A:  She 's willing to do it , 
A:  meaning be the wizard for the data collection , 
A:  also <breath> maybe transcribe a little bit , if she has to , 
A:  but also recruiting subjects , organizing them , and so forth . 
A:  So that looks good . 
A:  Jerry however suggested that we should uh have a trial run with her , 
A:  see whether she can actually do all the uh spontaneous , eloquent and creativeness that we uh expect of the wizard . 
A:  And I talked to Liz about this 
A:  and it looks as if Friday afternoon will be the time when we have a first trial run for the data . 
A:  Pardon me ? 
A:  Um Liz also volunteered to be the first subject , <breath> which I think might be even better than us guys . 
A:  If we do need her for the technical stuff , then of course one of you has to sort of uh  jump in . 
A:  Um , 
A:  yes w we  we would like to test the wizard , 
A:  but <breath> you know , if we take a subject that is completely unfamiliar with the task , or any of the set up , we get a more realistic 
A:  you know , set up as  
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Yeah , yeah . 
A:  Um  I think it 's  it 's  it 's  I mean  
A:  experimental setup u on the technical issue 
A:  yes , 
A:  except we st I think we still need uh  a recording device for the wizard , 
A:  just a tape recorder that 's running in a room . 
A:  But um  in terms of specifying the scenario , <breath> um  uh  uh  we 've gotten a little further 
A:  but um  we wanted to wait until we know who is the wizard , 
A:  and have the wizard partake in the  ultimate  sort of definition probe . 
A:  So  so if  if on Friday it turns out that she really likes it and  and we really like her , then nothing should stop us from sitting down next week and <lateral tongue click>  getting all the details completely figured out . 
A:  And um  
A:  Mmm - yea - some . 
A:  Bu - e e e I 'm even  This  this Tango , Enter , Vista is sort of , itself , an ad - hoc scenario . 
A:  The  the basic u um idea behind the uh  data collection was the following . 
A:  The data we get from Munich is  very command line , 
A:  simple linguistic stuff . 
A:  Hardly anything complicated . 
A:  No metaphors whatsoever . 
A:  Not a rich language . 
A:  So we wanted just to collect data , to get  that  that  that  elicits more , uh , that elicits richer language . 
A:  And we actually did not want to constrain it too much , 
A:  you know ? 
A:  Just see what people say . 
A:  And then maybe we 'll discover the phenomenon  the phenomena that we want to solve , you know , with  whatever engine we  we come up with . 
A:  Um . So this  this  this is a parallel track , 
A:  you know , there  they hopefully meet , 
A:  but since  
A:  It should tell us , you know , what kind of phenomenon could occur , 
A:  it should tell us also maybe something about the difference between people who think they speak to a computer versus people who think they speak to a human being 
A:  and the sort of differences there . 
A:  So it may get us some more information on the human - machine pragmatics , um , that no one knows anything about , as of yesterday . 
A:  And uh  <breath> nothing has changed  since then , 
A:  so . 
A:  Uh . And secondly , now that of course we have sort of started to lick blood with this , 
A:  and especially since um  <breath> Johno can't stop Tango - ing , <breath> we may actually include , you know , those  those intentions . 
A:  So now I think we should maybe have at least one navigational task with  with sort of explicit  uh 
A:  not ex it 's implicit that the person wants to enter , 
A:  and maybe some task where it 's more or less explicit 
A:  that the person wants to take a picture , 
A:  or see it or something . 
A:  So that we can label it . 
A:  I mean , that 's how we get a corpus that we can label . 
A:  Whereas , you know , if we 'd just get data we 'd never know what they actually wanted , 
A:  we 'd get no cues . 
A:  Yep . 
A:  That was that . 
A:  Ma 
A:  Maybe we ought to switch off these things before we continue . 
