E:  Um , so um the one th one thing I know that we have on that is uh we had talked a  a couple weeks before um uh about the uh  the stuff you were doing with  with uh um uh l l attempting to locate events , 
E:  but anyway some  some potential collaboration there about  about the  about the  working with these data . 
B:  Um , so , uh , he was interested in the question of  you know , relating to his  to the research he presented recently , um of inference structures , 
E:  so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours 
B:  He 's interested in these  these knowledge structures , 
B:  inferences that you draw  i from  
D:  to  to find a  a good solution to detect eh , the overlapping zone in eh speech recorded . 
E:  but you have  you have time uh , uh marked  twelve minute  the  the  the um overlaps in twelve minutes of it . 
C:  like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data , 
abst_sum - abstract: Topics discussed by the Berkeley Meeting Recorder group included a potential collaboration with another ICSI member regarding the analysis of inference structures, efforts by speaker mn005 to detect speaker overlap, the current status on recordings and transcriptions, and future efforts to collect meeting data.

E:  but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys . 
E:  uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues , 
E:  and we 're recording those , 
E:  uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded , 
C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 
abst_sum - abstract: In addition to weekly meetings by the BMR group, efforts are in progress to record meetings by other ICSI research groups, as well as routine discussions by non-ICSI members.

B:  So , we need to talk about this later . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will resume its discussion of speaker anonymization in a subsequent meeting.

D:  On - only to mark  only to mark overlapping zone , but  
E:  Then I think it 's a good idea . 
E:  but I mean we   if uh  if he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it . 
abst_sum - decisions: To save time, speaker mn005 will only mark the sample of transcribed data for regions of overlapping speech, as opposed to marking all acoustic events.

E:  Yeah , whoever we have working on the acoustics for the Meeting Recorder are gonna start with that . 
abst_sum - decisions: The digits extraction task will be delegated to whomever is working on acoustics for the Meeting Recorder project.

C:  if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it . 
abst_sum - decisions: The group will inquire with other ICSI researchers and colleagues at the University of Washington about collecting additional meeting data.

E:  I mean , one of the things I wanted to do , uh , that I I talked to  to Don about , is one of the possible things he could do or m also , we could have someone else do it , is to do block echo cancellation , 
E:  So that 's something I 'd like somebody to do at some point , just take these digits , take the far - field mike signal , and the close uh mike signal , and apply really good echo cancellation . 
E:  somebody look  And  and the digits would be a reasonable thing to do that with . 
abst_sum - decisions: Echo cancellation experiments will be performed on Meeting Recorder digits data.

F:  So this is  this is  this is  gonna be a big , big problem if you want to later do uh , you know , indexing , or speech understanding of any sort . 
abst_sum - problems: Use of pronouns (e.g. he, she, you) during meetings is potentially problematic for indexing referents and analysing speech understanding.

B:  And in fact , it is  it is  it is sensitive . 
B:  You know , I asked her very specifically about this clause of how , um , you know , it says " no individuals will be identified 
abst_sum - problems: Sensitivity issues involved in mentioning individuals by name were also discussed.

G:  I mean , if I 'm tapping on the table , you it 's not gonna show up on any of the mikes , but it 's gonna show up rather loudly in the PZM . 
E:  The  the  the far - field , 
D:  Because I  I found a difference . 
abst_sum - problems: Data obtained via the close-talking microphone channels don't match meeting content yielded via the far-field microphones.

E:  One of the things that I think is a little  a little bit of a limitation , there is a think when the people are not involved uh in our work , we probably can't do it every week . 
G:  So , I think it 's gonna be a problem to get people regularly . 
abst_sum - problems: The collection of meeting data from non-Meeting Recorder participants is likely to be more infrequent.

