B:  That 's good to know . 
B:  And it looks like you 've found a way of uh mapping the location to the  without having people have to give their names each time ? 
B:  I mean it 's like you have the  
B:  So you know that  
B:  I mean , are you going to write down  that I sat here ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Shall I  shall I just start ? 
B:  OK . 
B:  Um , so , uh , he was interested in the question of  you know , relating to his  to the research he presented recently , um of inference structures , 
B:  and uh , the need to build in , um , this  this sort of uh mechanism for understanding of language . 
B:  And he gave the example in his talk about how  um , 
B:  e a I 'm remembering it just off the top of my head right now , 
B:  but it 's something about how um , i " Joe slipped " you know , " John had washed the floor " or something like that . 
B:  And I don't have it quite right , 
B:  but that kind of thing , 
B:  where you have to draw the inference that , OK , there 's this time sequence , 
B:  but also the  the  the causal aspects of the uh floor and  and how it might have been the cause of the fall 
B:  and that um it was the other person who fell than the one who cleaned it 
B:  and it   These sorts of things . 
B:  So , I looked through the transcript that we have so far ,  and um , fou identified a couple different types of things of that type 
B:  and um , one of them was something like uh , during the course of the transcript , um um , w we had gone through the part where everyone said which channel they were on and which device they were on , 
B:  and um , the question was raised " Well , should we restart the recording at this point ? " 
B:  And  and Dan Ellis said , " Well , we 're just so far ahead of the game right now  we really don't need to " . 
B:  Now , how would you interpret that without a lot of inference ? 
B:  So , the inferences that are involved are things like , OK , so , how do you interpret " ahead of the game " ? 
B:  You know . So it 's the  it 's  i What you  what you int what you draw  you know , the conclusions that you need to draw are that space is involved in recording , 
B:  that um , i that  i we have enough space , 
B:  and he continues , like " we 're so ahead of the game cuz now we have built - in downsampling " . 
B:  So you have to sort of get the idea that um , " ahead of the game " is sp speaking with respect to space limitations , 
B:  that um that in fact downsampling is gaining us enough space , 
B:  and that therefore we can keep the recording we 've done so far . 
B:  But there are a lot of different things like that . 
B:  It 's possible . 
B:  Uh , he was  he  he  you know  We met and he was gonna go and uh you know , y look through them more systematically 
B:  and then uh meet again . 
B:  So it 's , you know , not a matter of a  
B:  But , yeah , I think  I think it was optimistic . 
B:  That 's his major  
B:  I mentioned several that w had to do with implications drawn from intonational contours 
B:  and  that wasn't as directly relevant to what he 's doing . 
B:  He 's interested in these  these knowledge structures , 
B:  inferences that you draw  i from  
B:  Yeah , I don't think I would make that leap , 
B:  because i in narratives , you know  I mean , if you spell out everything in a narrative , it can be really tedious , 
B:  so . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  That aspect . 
B:  Well  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  I  you know , I  I had several that had to do with backchannels and this wasn't one of them . 
B:  This  this one really does um m make you leap from  
B:  So he said , you know , " we 're ahead of the game , w we have built - in downsampling " . 
B:  And the inference , i if you had it written down , would be  
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  But there are others that have backchannelling , 
B:  it 's just he was less interested in those . 
B:  Can we 
B:  Oh , but you 'd have the  
B:  You 'd have fainter  
B:  Wouldn't you get fainter reception out here ? 
B:  I see . 
B:  I am too . 
B:  I am too . 
B:  Well  
B:  And in fact , it is  it is  it is sensitive . 
B:  I  I came up with something from the Human Subjects people that I wanted to mention . 
B:  I mean , it fits into the m area of the mundane , 
B:  but they did say  
B:  You know , I asked her very specifically about this clause of how , um , you know , it says " no individuals will be identified 
B:  uh , " in any publication using the data . " 
B:  OK , well , individuals being identified , 
B:  let 's say you have a  a snippet that says , " Joe s uh thinks such - and - such about  about this field , but I think he 's wrongheaded . " 
B:  Now I mean , we 're  we 're gonna be careful not to have the " wrongheaded " part in there , 
B:  but  but you know , let 's say we say , you know , " Joe used to think so - and - so about this area , in his publication he says that but I think he 's changed his mind . " or whatever . 
B:  Then the issue of  of being able to trace Joe , because we know he 's well - known in this field , and all this and  and tie it to the speaker , whose name was just mentioned a moment ago , can be sensitive . 
B:  So I think it 's really  really kind of adaptive and wise to not mention names any more than we have to 
B:  because if there 's a slanderous aspect to it , then how much to we wanna be able to have to remove ? 
B:  Well , my feeling on it was that it wasn't really important who said it , 
B:  you know . 
B:  I understand . 
B:  No I just  I just was suggesting that it 's not a bad policy p potentially . 
B:  So , we need to talk about this later . 
B:  Uh - huh . 
B:  Yeah , depends on which one you mean . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Does this  ? 
B:  So if you had an overlap involving three people , how many times was that counted ? 
B:  For 
B:  That would j just be one . 
B:  OK . 
B:  But a  a  a th 
B:  But a thousand events in twelve minutes , that 's  
B:  Well , but a thousand taps in eight minutes is a l in twelve minutes is a lot . 
B:  Silent . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Oh , I see . 
B:  Well  
B:  Well , yeah , b yeah , I would say time bin . 
B:  So my  my goal is to get words with reference to a time bin ,  beginning and end point . 
B:  And  and sometimes , you know , it was like you could have an overlap where someone said something in the middle , 
B:  but , yeah , w it just wasn't important for our purposes to have it that  i disrupt that unit in order to have , you know , a the words in the order in which they were spoken , 
B:  it would have  it would have been hard with the interface that we have . 
B:  Now , my  a Adam 's working on a of course , on a revised overlapping interface , 
B:  but  
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  Mm - hmm . 
B:  Another thing we discussed was um that  
B:  Was that um there m  there was this already a script I believe uh that Dan had written ,  that uh handle bleedthrough , 
B:  I mean cuz you have this  this close  you have contamination from other people who speak loudly . 
B:  So , some thought of maybe having  
B:  Yeah , having that be a preprocessor and then run it through yours . 
B:  That 's what we were discussing . 
B:  Is this proprietary ? 
B:  Well , I mean , is this something that we could just co - opt , 
B:  or is it  ? 
B:  No . 
B:  OK . 
B:  Right . 
B:  I just thought if it was tried and true , then   and he 's gone through additional levels of  of development . 
B:  Can I ask one question about his statistics ? 
B:  So  so in the tw twelve minutes , um , if we took three hundred and divided it by four , which is about the length of twelve minutes , i Um , I 'd expect like there should be seventy - five overlaps . 
B:  Did you find uh more than seventy - five overlaps in that period , or  ? 
B:  More than  
B:  How many overlaps in your twelve minutes ? 
B:  The overlaps . 
B:  OK . 
B:  I 'm not sure . 
B:  I think it 's an empirical question . 
B:  I think we could find that out . 
B:  I 'm  I 'm not sure that the beginning had more . 
B:  Is Brian Kingsbury 's work related to that , 
B:  or is it a different type of reverberation ? 
B:  The a apparently  I mean , we 're gonna do a revised form , of course . 
B:  Um 
B:  but once a person has signed it once , then that 's valid for a certain number of meetings . 
B:  She wanted me to actually estimate how many meetings and put that on the consent form . 
B:  I told her that would be a little bit difficult to say . 
B:  So I think from a s practical standpoint , maybe we could have them do it once every ten meetings , or something . 
B:  It won't be that many people who do it  that often , 
B:  but um just , you know , so long as they don't forget that they 've done it , I guess . 
B:  It 's also likely that people will cancel out afterwards . 
B:  But I  but I wanted to raise the KPFA idea . 
B:  Wow ! 
B:  Yeah , we need to  I think that there 's a possibility that the transcript will need to be adjusted afterwards , 
B:  and uh es especially since these people won't be uh used to dealing with multi - channel uh transcriptions . 
B:  So I think that we 'll need to adjust some  
B:  And also if we wanna add things like um , well , more refined coding of overlaps , then definitely I think we should count on having an extra pass through . 
B:  I wanted to ask another a a aspect of the data collection . 
B:  There 'd be no reason why a person couldn't get together several uh , you know , friends , 
B:  and come and argue about a topic if they wanted to , 
B:  right ? 
B:  You could do this , 
B:  you know . You could . 
B:  It seems like you could hold some meetings . 
B:  You know , you and maybe Adam ? 
B:  You  you could  you could maybe hold some additional meetings , if you wanted . 
B:  I agree . 
B:  And Mari also , 
B:  we had  This came up when she she was here . 
B:  That 's important . 
B:  Well , you know , I  I do think eating while you 're doing a meeting is going to be increasing the noise . 
B:  But I had another question , which is um , you know , in principle , w um , I know that you don't want artificial topics , 
B:  but um it does seem to me that we might be able to get subjects from campus to come down and do something that wouldn't be too artificial . 
B:  I mean , we could  political discussions , or  or something or other , 
B:  and 
B:  i you know , people who are  
B:  Because , you know , there 's also this constraint . We d 
B:  it 's like , you know , the  the  uh goldibears  goldi goldilocks , 
B:  it 's like you don't want meetings that are too large , but you don't want meetings that are too small . 
B:  And um  a and it just seems like maybe we could exploit the subj human subject p p pool , in the positive sense of the word . 
B:  We could pay subjects . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Oh . 
B:  That 's good to know . 
B:  That 's good to know . 
