E:  OK . 
E:  So . 
E:  OK . Doesn't look like it crashed . 
E:  That 's great . 
E:  And start by giving the transcript number . 
E:  So uh , you see , Don , the unbridled excitement of the work that we have on this project . 
E:  It 's just uh  
E:  Uh , you know , it doesn't seem like a bad idea to have  that information . 
E:  Yeah , I  I 'd  I think it 's some 
E:  Yeah , well , that 's  
E:  Um , so I  I do have a  a an agenda suggestion . 
E:  Uh , we  I think the things that we talk about in this meeting uh tend to be a mixture of uh procedural uh mundane things and uh research points 
E:  and um I was thinking I think it was a meeting a couple of weeks ago that we  we spent much of the time talking about the mundane stuff cuz that 's easier to get out of the way 
E:  and then we sort of drifted into the research and maybe five minutes into that Andreas had to leave . 
E:  So <laugh> uh I 'm suggesting we turn it around 
E:  and  and uh sort of we have  anybody has some mundane points that we could send an email later , uh hold them for a bit , and let 's talk about the  the research - y kind of things . 
E:  Um , so um the one th one thing I know that we have on that is uh we had talked a  a couple weeks before um uh about the uh  the stuff you were doing with  with uh um uh l l attempting to locate events , 
E:  we had a little go around trying to figure out what you meant by " events " 
E:  but I think , you know , what we had meant by " events " I guess was uh points of overlap between speakers . 
E:  But I th I gather from our discussion a little earlier today that you also mean uh interruptions with something else 
E:  like some other noise . 
E:  Yes ? 
E:  You mean that as an event also . 
E:  So at any rate you were  you 've  you 've done some work on that 
E:  and um then the other thing would be it might be nice to have a preliminary discussion of some of the other uh research uh areas that uh we 're thinking about doing . 
E:  Um , I think especially since you  you haven't been in  in these meetings for a little bit , 
E:  maybe you have some discussion of some of the p the plausible things to look at now that we 're starting to get data , 
E:  uh and one of the things I know that also came up uh is some discussions that  that uh  that uh Jane had with Lokendra 
E:  uh about some  some  some um uh work about 
E:  I  I  I d I  I don't want to try to say cuz I  I 'll say it wrong , 
E:  but anyway some  some potential collaboration there about  about the  about the  working with these data . 
E:  So . 
E:  So , uh . 
E:  Uh .  Well , I don't know if we  if this is sort of like everybody has something to contribute sort of thing , 
E:  I think there 's just just a couple  a couple people primarily 
E:  um but um 
E:  Uh , wh why don't  
E:  Actually I think that  that last one I just said we could do fairly quickly 
E:  so why don't you  you start with that . 
E:  Yeah , just explain what it was . 
E:  Well , I  I should maybe interject to say this started off with a discussion that I had with him , 
E:  so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours 
E:  and um uh I thought that if we were going to project into the future when we had a lot of data , uh and um such things might be useful for that in or before we invested too much uh effort into that he should uh , with Jane 's help , look into some of the data that we 're  already have 
E:  and see , is there anything to this at all ? 
E:  Is there any point which you think that , you know , you could gain some advantage and some potential use for it . 
E:  Cuz it could be that you 'd look through it and you say " well , this is just the wrong  task for  for him to pursue his  " 
E:  And  and uh I got the impression from your mail that in fact there was enough things like this just in the little sample that  that you looked at that  that it 's plausible at least . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So anyway , that 's  that 's e a quite different thing from anything we 've talked about that , you know , might  might  might come out from some of this . 
E:  I mean , he certainly could use text , 
E:  but we were in fact looking to see if there  is there  is there something in common between our interest in meetings and his interest in  in  in this stuff . 
E:  So . 
E:  I don't know , 
E:  probably de probably depends on what the prepared writing was . 
E:  But . 
E:  Uh - huh . 
E:  Could be . 
E:  Yeah . That would be tou 
E:  Well , these  
E:  I probably been affect No , I th I think I 've been affected by too many conversations where we were talking about lawyers and talking about  and concerns about " oh gee is somebody going to say something bad ? " and so on . 
E:  And so I  so I 'm  I 'm tending to stay away from people 's names even though uh  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . No no , there 's  
E:  No no , it isn't sensitive at all . 
E:  I was just  I was just  I was overreacting just because we 've been talking about it . 
E:  It 's OK to  
E:  b But I  
E:  Yeah , well , there 's that . 
E:  But I  I mean I think also to some extent it 's just educating the Human Subjects people , in a way , 
E:  because there 's  If uh  You know , there 's court transcripts , there 's  there 's transcripts of radio shows  
E:  I mean people say people 's names all the time . 
E:  So I think it  it can't be bad to say people 's names . 
E:  It 's just that  i I mean you 're right that there 's more poten If we never say anybody 's name , then there 's no chance of  of  of slandering anybody , 
E:  but  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Right , so I  So my behavior is probably not natural . 
E:  So . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , we really can't . 
E:  But a actually , I 'm sorry . I really would like to push  finish this off . 
E:  So it 's  
E:  Yeah , I di I didn't intend it an a policy though . 
E:  It was  it was just it was just unconscious  well , semi - conscious behavior . 
E:  I sorta knew I was doing it but it was  
E:  I  I do I don't remember who " he " is . 
E:  Ah . 
E:  Uh , we were talking about Dan at one point  and we were talking about Lokendra at another point . 
E:  And I don't  I don't remember which  which part . 
E:  Uh , I think  
E:  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . 
E:  Um  
E:  Good  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , you could do all these inferences , 
E:  yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Um , I  I would like to move it into  into uh what Jose uh has been doing 
E:  because he 's actually been doing something . 
E:  So . <laugh> Right . 
E:  How many overlaps were there uh in it ? 
E:  No no , how many of them were the overlaps of speech , though ? 
E:  Sure . 
E:  No no , but I think what she 's asking is  if at some particular for some particular stretch you had three people talking , instead of two , did you call that one event ? 
E:  I see . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Yeah . So I think  Yeah . We just wanted to understand how you 're defining it . 
E:  So then , in the region between  since there  there is some continuous region , in between regions where there is only one person speaking . 
E:  And one contiguous region like that you 're calling an event . 
E:  Is it  Are you calling the beginning or the end of it the event , 
E:  or are you calling the entire length of it the event ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Got it . 
E:  Could . 
E:  Yeah . We just w 
E:  So again , that 's  that 's three  three hundred in forty - five minutes that are  that are speakers , just speakers . 
E:  Uh - huh . OK . Yeah . 
E:  So that 's about eight per minute . 
E:  Uh . Yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  OK , so how many of those thousand were silence ? 
E:  Right . 
E:  So how many of those thousand were silence , silent sections ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  The  the  the far - field , 
E:  yeah . 
E:  Yeah , well , just  I mean , just in that  that one s ten second , or whatever it was , example that Adam had that  that we  we passed on to others a few months ago , 
E:  there was that business where I g I guess it was Adam and Jane were talking at the same time 
E:  and  and uh , in the close - talking mikes you couldn't hear the overlap , and in the distant mike you could . 
E:  So yeah , it 's clear that if you wanna study  if you wanna find all the places where there were overlap , it 's probably better to use a distant mike . 
E:  On the other hand , there 's other phenomena that are going on at the same time for which it might be useful to look at the close - talking mikes , 
E:  so it 's  
E:  Some  of it 's masking  masked . 
E:  Right . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  No  i 
E:  Well , it 'd be hard , but on the other hand as you point out , if your  if i if  if your concern is to get uh the overlapping people  people 's speech , you will  you will get that somewhat better . 
E:  Um , Are you making any use  
E:  uh you were  you were working with th the data that had already been transcribed . 
E:  Does it uh  
E:  Yes . 
E:  Now um did you make any use of that ? 
E:  See I was wondering cuz we st we have these ten hours of other stuff that is not yet transcribed . 
E:  Do you  
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  OK . 
E:  Right , so she is  
E:  Right . 
E:  So the twelve  you  you  it took you twelve hours  of course this included maybe some  some time where you were learning about what  what you wanted to do , 
E:  but  but uh , it took you something like twelve hours to mark the forty - five minutes , your 
E:  s Twelve minutes ! 
E:  I thought you did forty - five minutes of  
E:  Oh , you haven't done the whole session . 
E:  This is just twelve minutes . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  So  let me back up again . 
E:  So the  when you said there were three hundred speaker overlaps , 
E:  that 's in twelve minutes ? 
E:  Oh , OK . 
E:  OK . 
E:  So it 's three hundred in forty - five minutes , 
E:  but you have  you have time uh , uh marked  twelve minute  the  the  the um overlaps in twelve minutes of it . 
E:  Got it . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Mm - hmm . 
E:  I have  
E:  Well , I but I have a suggestion about that . 
E:  Um , obviously this is very , very time - consuming , and you 're finding lots of things 
E:  which I 'm sure are gonna be very interesting , 
E:  but in the interests of making progress , uh might I s 
E:  how  how would it affect your time if you only marked speaker overlaps ? 
E:  Yes . 
E:  Do not mark any other events , 
E:  but only mark speaker  
E:  Do you think that would speed it up quite a bit ? 
E:  Do y do you think that would speed it up ? 
E:  Uh , speed up your  your  your marking ? 
E:  It took you a long time  to mark twelve minutes . 
E:  Now , my suggestion was for the other thirty - three  
E:  Yeah , and my question is , if you did that , if you followed my suggestion , would it take much less time ? 
E:  Yeah OK . 
E:  Then I think it 's a good idea . 
E:  Then I think it 's a good idea , because it 
E:  Yeah , I mean , we we know that there 's noise . 
E:  There 's  there 's uh continual noise uh from fans and so forth , 
E:  and there is uh more impulsive noise from uh taps and so forth 
E:  and  and something in between with paper rustling . 
E:  We know that all that 's there 
E:  and it 's a g worthwhile thing to study , 
E:  but obviously it takes a lot of time to mark all of these things . 
E:  Whereas th i I would think that uh you  we can study more or less as a distinct phenomenon the overlapping of people talking . 
E:  So . Then you can get the  Cuz you need  
E:  If it 's three hundred uh  i i it sounds like you probably only have fifty or sixty or seventy events right now that are really  
E:  And  and you need to have a lot more than that to have any kind of uh even visual sense of  of what 's going on , much less any kind of reasonable statistics . 
E:  Um , OK , yeah . So let 's back up because you weren't here for an earlier conversation . 
E:  So the idea was that what he was going to be doing was experimenting with different measures 
E:  such as the increase in energy , such as the energy in the LPC residuals , such as  
E:  I mean there 's a bunch of things  I mean , increased energy is - is sort of an obvious one . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Um , and uh , it 's not obvious , 
E:  I mean , you could  you could do the dumbest thing and get  get it ninety percent of the time . 
E:  But when you start going past that and trying to do better , it 's not obvious what combination of features is gonna give you the  you know , the right detector . 
E:  So the idea is to have some ground truth first . 
E:  And so the i the idea of the manual marking was to say " OK this , i you know , it 's  it 's really here " . 
E:  Uh , yeah . 
E:  We t we t w we t we talked about that . 
E:  We  we  we talked about that . 
E:  s But so it 's a bootstrapping thing and the thing is , 
E:  the idea was , i we i i we thought it would be useful for him to look at the data anyway , 
E:  and  and then whatever he could mark would be helpful , 
E:  and we could  Uh 
E:  it 's a question of what you bootstrap from . 
E:  You know , do you bootstrap from a simple measurement which is right most of the time and then you g do better , 
E:  or do you bootstrap from some human being looking at it and then  then do your simple measurements , uh from the close - talking mike . 
E:  I mean , even with the close - talking mike you 're not gonna get it right all the time . 
E:  Well 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Right , we discussed that . 
E:  It 's OK . 
E:  See , this is where we really need the Meeting Recorder query stuff to be working , 
E:  because we 've had these meetings and we 've had this discussion about this , and I 'm sort of remembering a little bit about what we decided , 
E:  but I couldn't remember all of it . 
E:  So , I think it was partly that , you know , give somebody a chance to actually look at the data and see what these are like , partly that we have e some ground truth to compare against , you know , when  when he  he gets his thing going , 
E:  uh , and  
E:  That was  that was exactly the notion that  that  that we discussed . 
E:  So . 
E:  S See ya . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  But  but that 's a refinement 
E:  and I think we wanna see  try the simple thing first , 
E:  cuz you add this complex thing up uh afterwards that does something good y y yo you sort of wanna see what the simple thing does first . 
E:  But uh , having  having somebody have some experience , again , with  with uh  with marking it from a human standpoint , 
E:  we 're  I mean , I don't expect Jose to  to do it for uh f fifty hours of   of speech , 
E:  but I mean we   if uh  if he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it . 
E:  And when  when uh Adam was doing his automatic thing he could then compare to that and see what it was different . 
E:  Oh , then everybody owns it . 
E:  It 's the people . 
E:  Well , i i i he 's pretty close , anyway . I think  I think it 's  
E:  Yeah , good enough for government work , as they say . 
E:  Uh , I don't know , it  if  if we want to uh  
E:  So , uh , maybe we should move on to other  other things in limited time . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  So  so I was gonna ask , I guess about any  any other things that  that  that either of you wanted to talk about , 
E:  especially since Andreas is leaving in five minutes , 
E:  that  that you wanna go with . 
E:  Right so there 's this  this  There 's this forty - five minute piece that Jane transcribed . 
E:  That piece was then uh sent to IBM so they could transcribe so we have some comparison point . 
E:  Then there 's s a larger piece that 's been recorded and uh put on CD - ROM and sent uh to IBM . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  And then we don't know . 
E:  That was about ten hours , and there was about  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Oh . 
E:  Oh , that 's right , that had  those have not been sent . 
E:  We 're saying about  twelve hours . 
E:  No . 
E:  No , so the  the  that 's the  that 's the biggest one  uh , chunk so far , 
E:  but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys . 
E:  And then there  
E:  Uh , they do . 
E:  w w And we talked to them about recording some more 
E:  and we 're going to , 
E:  uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues , 
E:  and we 're recording those , 
E:  uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded , 
E:  and we 're gonna start recording them . 
E:  They 're  They meet on Tuesdays . We 're gonna start recording them next week . 
E:  So actually , we 're gonna h start having a  a pretty significant chunk 
E:  and 
E:  so , you know , <squeak> Adam 's sort of struggling with trying to get things to be less buggy , and come up quicker when they do crash and stuff  things like that , 
E:  now that uh  <squeak> the things are starting to happen . 
E:  So right now , yeah , I th I 'd say the data is predominantly meeting meetings , 
E:  but there are scattered other meetings in it and that  that amount is gonna grow 
E:  uh so that the meeting meetings will probably ultimately  
E:  i if we 're  if we collect fifty or sixty hours , the meeting meetings it will probably be , you know , twenty or thirty percent of it , 
E:  not  not  not eighty or ninety . 
E:  But . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , yeah . 
E:  Yeah and th the  the other thing is I 'm not pos 
E:  I 'm sort of thinking as we 've been through this a few times , that I really don't know  
E:  maybe you wanna do it once for the novelty , 
E:  but I don't know if in general we wanna have meetings that we record from outside this group do the digits . 
E:  Because it 's just an added bunch of weird stuff . 
E:  And , you know , we  we h we 're highly motivated . 
E:  Uh in fact , the morning group is really motivated 
E:  cuz they 're working on connected digits , 
E:  so it 's  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Uh , yeah , I  I think 
E:  definitely s so Absolutely . 
E:  Yeah , whoever we have working on the acoustics for the Meeting Recorder are gonna start with that . 
E:  Well  
E:  I mean , one of the things I wanted to do , uh , that I I talked to  to Don about , is one of the possible things he could do or m also , we could have someone else do it , is to do block echo cancellation , 
E:  to try to get rid of some of the effects of the  the  the far - field effects . 
E:  Um , I mean we have  the party line has been that echo cancellation is not the right way to handle the situation 
E:  because people move around , 
E:  and uh , if  if it 's  if it 's uh not a simple echo , like a cross - talk kind of echo , but it 's actually room acoustics , it 's  it 's  it 's  you can't really do inversion , 
E:  and even echo cancellation is going to uh be something  It may  you  Someone may be moving enough that you are not able to adapt quickly 
E:  and so the tack that we 've taken is more " lets come up with feature approaches and multi - stream approaches and so forth , that will be robust to it for the recognizer and not try to create a clean signal " . 
E:  Uh , that 's the party line . 
E:  But it occurred to me a few months ago that uh party lines are always , you know , sort of dangerous . 
E:  It 's good  <laugh> good to sort of test them , actually . 
E:  And so we haven't had anybody try to do a good serious job on echo cancellation and we should know how well that can do . 
E:  So that 's something I 'd like somebody to do at some point , just take these digits , take the far - field mike signal , and the close uh mike signal , and apply really good echo cancellation . 
E:  Um , there was a  have been some nice talks recently by  by Lucent on  on their b 
E:  the block echo cancellation particularly appealed to me , 
E:  uh you know , trying and change it sample by sample , but you have some reasonable sized blocks .  And um , you know , th 
E:  Uh so it 's  it  you have a  a direct uh  
E:  Uh , what 's the difference in  If you were trying to construct a linear filter , that would 
E:  um  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  that would subtract off  the um uh parts of the signal that were the aspects of the signal that were different between the close - talk and the distant . 
E:  You know , so  so uh um I guess in most echo cancellation  
E:  Yeah , so you  Given that um  
E:  Yeah , so you 're trying to  So you 'd  There 's a  a distance between the close and the distant mikes so there 's a time delay there , 
E:  and after the time delay , there 's these various reflections . 
E:  And if you figure out well what 's the  
E:  there 's a  a least squares algorithm that adjusts itself  adjusts the weight so that you try to subtract  essentially to subtract off uh different uh  different reflections . 
E:  Right ? So let 's take the simple case where you just had  you had some uh some delay in a satellite connection or something 
E:  and then there 's a  there 's an echo . 
E:  It comes back . And you want to adjust this filter so that it will maximally reduce the effect of this echo . 
E:  Well , I 'm  I 'm  I 'm saying  That 's a simplified version of what 's really happening .  What 's really happening is  
E:  Well , when I 'm talking to you right now , you 're getting the direct sound from my speech , 
E:  but you 're also getting , uh , the indirect sound that 's bounced around the room a number of times . 
E:  OK ? 
E:  So now , if you um try to r you  To completely remove the effect of that is sort of impractical for a number of technical reasons , 
E:  but I  but  
E:  not to try to completely remove it , that is , invert the  the room response , 
E:  but just to try to uh uh eliminate some of the  the effect of some of the echos . 
E:  Um , a number of people have done this 
E:  so that , say , if you 're talking to a speakerphone , uh it makes it more like it would be , if you were talking right up to it . 
E:  So this is sort of the st the straight - forward approach . 
E:  You say I  I  I want to use this uh  this item but I want to subtract off various kinds of echos . 
E:  So you construct a filter , and you have this  this filtered version uh of the speech um gets uh uh  gets subtracted off from the original speech . 
E:  Then you try to  you try to minimize the energy in some sense . 
E:  And so um  uh with some constraints . 
E:  It 's a clean up thing . Right . 
E:  So , echo cancelling is  is , you know , commonly done in telephony , 
E:  and  and  and it 's sort of the obvious thing to do in this situation if you  if , you know , you 're gonna be talking some distance from a mike . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Right . So it 's taking samples , it 's doing adaptation , it 's adjusting weights , 
E:  and then it 's getting the sum . 
E:  So um , uh anyway that 's  that 's kind of a reasonable thing that I 'd like to have somebody try  
E:  somebody look  And  and the digits would be a reasonable thing to do that with . 
E:  I think that 'd be enough data  plenty of data to do that with , 
E:  and i for that sort of task you wouldn't care whether it was uh large vocabulary speech or anything . 
E:  Uh . <inbreath> Um 
E:  Brian 's  Kingsbury 's work is an example of what we did f f from the opposite dogma . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  Which is what I was calling the " party line " , which is that uh doing that sort of thing is not really what we want . 
E:  We want something more flexible , uh i i where people might change their position , 
E:  and there might be , you know  
E:  There 's also um 
E:  oh yeah , 
E:  noise . 
E:  So the echo cancellation does not really allow for noise . 
E:  It 's if you have a clean situation but you just have some delays , 
E:  Then we 'll figure out the right  the right set of weights for your taps for your filter in order to produce the effect of those  those echos . 
E:  But um if there 's noise , then the very signal that it 's looking at is corrupted 
E:  so that it 's decision about what the right  you know , right  right uh  delays are  is , uh  is  right delayed signal is  is  is  uh is incorrect . 
E:  And so , in a noisy situation , um , also in a  in a situation that 's very reverberant   with long reverberation times  and really long delays , it 's  it 's sort of typically impractical . 
E:  So for those kind of reasons , 
E:  and also a  a c a complete inversion , 
E:  if you actually  I mentioned that it 's kind of hard to really do the inversion of the room acoustics . 
E:  Um , that 's difficult because um often times the  the um  <mouth> the system transfer function is such that when it 's inverted you get something that 's unstable , 
E:  and so , if you  you do your estimate of what the system is , and then you try to invert it , you get a filter that actually uh , you know , rings , and  and uh goes to infinity . 
E:  So it 's  so there 's  there 's  there 's that sort of technical reason , and the fact that things move , and there 's air currents  
E:  I mean there 's all sorts of  all sorts of reasons why it 's not really practical . 
E:  So for all those kinds of reasons , uh we  we  we sort of um , concluded we didn't want to in do inversion , 
E:  and we 're even pretty skeptical of echo cancellation , which isn't really inversion , 
E:  and um we decided to do this approach of taking  uh , just picking uh features , which were  uh will give you more  something that was more stable , in the presence of , or absence of , room reverberation , 
E:  and that 's what Brian was trying to do . 
E:  So , um , let me just say a couple things that I was  I was gonna bring up . 
E:  Uh . Let 's see . I guess you  you actually already said this thing about the uh  about the consent forms , 
E:  which was that we now don't have to  
E:  So this was the human subjects folks who said this ,  or that  that  ? 
E:  OK . 
E:  Um , back on the data thing , 
E:  so there 's this sort of one hour , ten hour , a hundred hour sort of thing that  that we have . 
E:  We have  we have an hour uh that  that is transcribed , 
E:  we have  we have twelve hours that 's recorded but not transcribed , 
E:  and at the rate we 're going , uh by the end of the semester we 'll have , I don't know , forty or fifty or something , if we  if this really 
E:  uh  
E:  Well , do we have that much ? 
E:  Let 's see , 
E:  we have  
E:  uh eight weeks , uh is  
E:  Eight weeks times three hours is twenty - four , so that 's  Yeah , so like thirty  thirty hours ? 
E:  But I don't think we 're gonna stop at the end of this semester . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  So , I th I think that if we are able to keep that up for a few months , we are gonna have more like a hundred hours . 
E:  Yeah , people will get  
E:  Yeah , I was gonna mention that . 
E:  Yeah . So  Yeah . So I  I  uh , I  I 'd mentioned to Adam , and  that was another thing I was gonna talk  uh , mention to them before   that uh there 's uh  It  it oc it occurred to me that we might be able to get some additional data by talking to uh acquaintances in local broadcast media . 
E:  Because , you know , we had talked before about the problem about using found data ,  that  that uh it 's just set up however they have it set up 
E:  and we don't have any say about it 
E:  and it 's typically one microphone , 
E:  in a , uh , uh  or  and  and so it doesn't really give us the  the  the uh characteristics we want . 
E:  Um and so I do think we 're gonna continue recording here and record what we can . 
E:  But um , it did occur to me that we could go to friends in broadcast media and say " hey you have this panel show ,  or this  you know , this discussion show , and um can you record multi - channel ? " 
E:  And uh they may be willing to record it uh with  
E:  Well , they probably already use lapel , 
E:  but they might be able to have it  it wouldn't be that weird for them to have another mike that was somewhat distant . 
E:  It wouldn't be exactly this setup , but it would be that sort of thing , 
E:  and what we were gonna get from UW , you know , assuming they  they  they start recording , isn't  als also is not going to be this exact setup . 
E:  So ,  I  I  I  I was thinking of looking into that . 
E:  the other thing that occurred to me after we had that discussion , in fact , is that it 's even possible , since of course , many radio shows are not live ,  uh that we could invite them to have like some of their   record some of their shows here . 
E:  Right . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  And  and the  I mean , the other side to it was the  what  which is where we were coming from  I 'll  I 'll talk to you more about it later  is that  is that there 's  there 's uh 
E:  the radio stations and television stations already have stuff worked out presumably , uh related to , you know , legal issues and  and permissions and all that . 
E:  I mean , they already do what they do  do whatever they do . 
E:  So it 's  uh , it 's  So it 's  so it 's another source . 
E:  So I think it 's something we should look into , 
E:  you know , we 'll collect what we collect here 
E:  hopefully they will collect more at UW also 
E:  and um  and maybe we have this other source . 
E:  But yeah I think that it 's not unreasonable to aim at getting , you know , significantly in excess of a hundred hours . 
E:  I mean , that was sort of our goal . 
E:  The thing was , I was hoping that we could  @ @ in the  under this controlled situation we could at least collect , you know , thirty to fifty hours . 
E:  And at the rate we 're going we 'll get pretty close to that I think this semester . 
E:  And if we continue to collect some next semester , I think we should , uh  
E:  Well , we don't even have it for this f you know , forty - five minutes , that was  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . So I was thinking right now it 's sort of this exploratory stuff where you  you look at the data , you use some primitive measures and get a feeling for what the scatter plots look like , 
E:  and  and  and uh  and meanwhile we collect , and it 's more like yeah , three months from now , or six months from now you can  you can do a lot of other things . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  i Yeah , so I would think , exploratory things now . Uh , three months from now  
E:  Um , I mean the transcriptions I think are a bit of an unknown cuz we haven't gotten those back yet as far as the timing , 
E:  but I think as far as the collection , it doesn't seem to me l like , uh , unreasonable to say that uh in January , you know , ro roughly uh  which is roughly three months from now , we should have at least something like , you know , twenty - five , thirty hours . 
E:  So that 's  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  If they really have something they wanna talk about as opposed to something @ @  
E:  I mean , what we 're trying to stay away from was artificial constructions , 
E:  but I think if it 's a real  
E:  Why not ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , 
E:  I  I  b By the  by the way , I don't think the transcriptions are actually , in the long run , such a big bottleneck . 
E:  I think the issue is just that we 're  we 're blazing that path . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  And  and um  d Do you have any idea when  when uh the  you 'll be able to send uh the ten hours to them ? 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah . 
E:  Yeah , OK . 
E:  So early next week we send it to them , 
E:  and then  then we check with them to see if they 've got it 
E:  and we  we start , you know asking about the timing for it . 
E:  So I think once they get it sorted out about how they 're gonna do it , which I think they 're pretty well along on , cuz they were able to read the files and so on . 
E:  Right ? 
E:  Well  
E:  Yeah , but  You know , so they  they  they have  you know , they 're volunteering their time and they have a lot of other things to do , 
E:  right ? 
E:  But they  But at any rate , they 'll  I  I think once they get that sorted out , they 're  they 're making cassettes there , then they 're handing it to someone who they  who 's  who is doing it , 
E:  and uh I think it 's not going to be  I don't think it 's going to be that much more of a deal for them to do thirty hours then to do one hour , 
E:  I think . It 's not going to be thirty 
E:  It 's  it 's just getting it going . 
E:  But the lunch meetings are pretty much one person getting up and  
E:  Yeah . Well , we should also check with Mari again , because they  because they were really intending , you know , maybe just didn't happen , but they were really intending to be duplicating this in some level . 
E:  So then that would double  what we had . 
E:  Uh . And there 's a lot of different meetings at UW 
E:  uh  I mean really m a lot more  than we have here right cuz we 're not right on campus , 
E:  so . 
E:  Uh , <outbreath> they seem to have some problems with it . We can  we can talk about that later . 
E:  Um , but , again , Jerry is  Jerry 's open  
E:  So I mean , we have two speech meetings , one uh network meeting , 
E:  uh Jerry was open to it but I  I s 
E:  One of the things that I think is a little  a little bit of a limitation , there is a think when the people are not involved uh in our work , we probably can't do it every week . 
E:  You know ? I  I  I  I think that  that people are gonna feel uh  are gonna feel a little bit constrained . 
E:  Now , it might get a little better if we don't have them do the digits all the time . 
E:  And the  then  so then they can just really sort of try to  put the mikes on and then just charge in and  
E:  But  but we c But I think , you know , we get some scattered things from this and that . 
E:  And I  I d I do think that maybe we can get somewhere with the  with the radio . 
E:  Uh i I have better contacts in radio than in television , but  
E:  Yeah . 
E:  n Well  
E:  No , I 'm not talking about ones that are already recorded . 
E:  I 'm talking about new ones 
E:  because  because  because we would be asking them to do something different . 
E:  Right , that 's the found data idea . 
E:  But what I 'm saying is uh if I talk to people that I know who do these th who produce these things we could ask them if they could record an extra channel , let 's say , of a distant mike . 
E:  And u I think routinely they would not do this . 
E:  So , since I 'm interested in the distant mike stuff , I wanna make sure that there is at least that somewhere 
E:  and uh  
E:  But if we ask them to do that they might be intrigued enough by the idea that they uh might be e e willing to  the  I might be able to talk them into it . 
E:  OK . Well I don't  why don't we  why d u why don't we uh uh turn them  turn 
E:  Turning off the microphone made it crash . 
E:  Well  
E:  OK . 
