A:  You could get a lot of lively discussions from those radio ones . 
A:  Sounds like an initialization thing . 
A:  Tran 
A:  Oh sorry , go ahead . 
A:  Nonspeech sounds ? 
A:  You know  I think some of these um that are the nonspeech overlapping events may be difficult even for humans to tell that there 's two there . 
A:  I mean , if it 's a tapping sound , you wouldn't necessarily  or , you know , something like that , it 'd be  it might be hard to know that it was two separate events . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  Three hundred overlapping speech  
A:  Mm - hmm . 
A:  Oh . 
A:  Were you interrupting him or was he interrupting you ? 
A:  But I think Liz is saying why not get it out of the transcripts ? 
A:  You know , I did  I did uh something almost identical to this at one of my previous jobs , and it works pretty well . 
A:  I mean , i almost exactly what you described , an energy detector with a median filter , you look for runs . 
A:  And uh , 
A:  you know , you can  
A:  Yeah . I mean , you  you can get y I mean , you get them pretty close . 
A:  And so I think doing that to generate these possibilities and then going through and saying yes or no on them would be a quick way to  to do it . 
A:  Yeah . 
A:  Uh .  No . No . 
A:  It was when I was working for the government . 
A:  Nah . 
A:  Yeah , he 's  it  it doesn't take a long time . 
A:  Oh !  I have to remember . 
A:  I 'll think about it , 
A:  and try to remember . 
A:  Di - dif different  different bandwidth . 
A:  Ten meetings that have been sent to IBM ? 
A:  H how many total have we recorded now , altogether ? 
A:  It was the morning one . 
A:  W what is the um  the artifact you try to  you 're trying to get rid of when you do that ? 
A:  So that would mean like if you were listening to the data that was recorded on one of those . 
A:  Uh , just the raw data , 
A:  you would  you might hear kind of an echo ? 
A:  And  and then this  noise cancellation would get 
A:  Kind of a clean up thing , that  
A:  OK . 
A:  When uh , I would have meetings with the folks in Cambridge when I was at BBN over the phone , they had a um  some kind of a special speaker phone 
A:  and when they would first connect me , it would come on and we 'd hear all this noise . 
A:  And then it was uh  And then it would come on and it was very clear , 
A:  you know . 
A:  Three  Three hours . 
A:  Would it help at all  
A:  I mean , we 're already talking about sort of two levels of detail in meetings . 
A:  One is uh um without doing the digits  Or , I guess the full - blown one is where you do the digits , and everything , and then talk about doing it without digits , 
A:  what if we had another level , just to collect data , which is without the headsets and we just did the table - mounted stuff . 
A:  You do , OK . 
A:  I see , OK . 
A:  Have they ever responded to you ? 
A:  Is the uh , notion of recording any of Chuck 's meetings dead in the water , 
A:  or is that still a possibility ? 
A:  Well , even  I mean , coming down from campus is sort of a big thing , but what about 
A:  or what about people in the  in the building ? 
A:  I mean , there 's the State of California downstairs , and  
A:  Oh . 
A:  What about Joachim , maybe he can  
A:  You could get a lot of lively discussions from those radio ones . 
